Men are cowards and do nothing.
Like lets say your spouse gives you divorce papers.
Mens reaction is to commit suicide/think about it but be too much of a coward to do it so you just go homeless(because the court will award your wife the house 100%) and die slowly and painfully from the disease/food poisoning/freezing to death etc. instead.
Womens reaction is to undress to just your shirt grab the used condom out of the trash and smear his cum on your vagina and then smash your own nose until its broken while you're going down the elevator so you can look like you just got brutal raped and hopefully get your husband thrown in jail for the next 20 years and then hopefully he gets raped to death in there because the other prisoners heard hes in for brutally raping a woman.(it didnt work out for girl in picrelated because she got caught on camera hitting herself though)
We should be saying "have the overies to do something" when refering to someone not being a coward.
originaIIy originaI comment high in content
oregano
this is what happens when you try to leave a woman but she doesnt want you to go yet so she gets mad and its beautiful
Yikes.
That must have hurt a lot.
Taking a hammer to the face.
But for revange a woman is ready to endure any pain.
Unfortunately she didnt get her revange because the ex-husband was recording her while she hit herself.
Sad.
A little success story to cheer you up after seeing all those failed attempts :)
Another fail but it still shows off womens bravery.
They are ready to do anything to get revange even break their own bones.
The pain is nothing compared to what he is going to experience in the jail when the other inmates hear hes in for beating a woman.
Woman gets all her friends to beat her and piss on her to make her false rape claim against husband look more convincing.
A woman is ready to endure anything for a chance to destroy a man who wronged her and its beautiful.
Murder husband and try to stage it into a suicide to make sure you and your new lover you have been cheating with for the last few months get to keep the house and the kids. :)
Lmao.
Kinda unrelated but still funny. 
6 year old boy on the sex offender registry for kissing a girl on the hand.
Remember to never sleep with girls in relationships because if you get caught they wont hesitate to say its rape to save face.
You will never be the Barneyfag
We should be saying "have the overies to do something" when refering to someone not being a coward.
I would start saying this if people around me did. I usually try to avoid saying "balls" when describing not being a coward, and try to say guts or intestinal fortitude thoughever
Woman murders the kids because she lost custody and has to pay ex-husband child support.
No jail time for woman who slit her husbands throat in his sleep because he served her divorce papers.
Woman will not face any jail time for breaking into her ex-boyfriend home and slashing his throat with a piece of a broken beer bottle in his sleep.
Woman decaputates the baby after she doesnt get custody because she doesnt want the father to get to raise the baby without her.
Woman shoots a homeless man 7 times in the head killing him because he called her a bitch.
Gets no jail time.
1. Beautiful women are vain and extra mean
2. All women are crazy
3. Beautiful women who marry rich men are even meaner and crazier than normal
4. They will absolutely lose their shit if they think the easy life is coming to an end because of divorce.
Moral of the story, don't lust after high maintenance 10/10 hoes. They will only screw you over in the long run. What you need is to get yourself an ugly, poor, dummy. Teach her to cook and clean, threaten her with emotional neglect, and make sure she never has any male friends. This is the secret to having a good married life.
Man found guilty of rape because the condom broke and his girlfriend got pregnant despite her only agreeing to protected sex.
Court said Father got custody?
So?
*takes baby and leaves the country for 20 years*
Problem? hahahahaha
ex-Prosecutor gets 3 days in jail for hiding evidence to help send a innocent man to jail for 25 years over false accusation and heres why thats a good thing!
Woman gets her friends to beat her up,"rapes" herself violently with a dildo,gets her friends to tie her up and drugs herself trying to try frame ex-boyfriend after he breaks up with her.
A man would never be capable of doing this even if we believed men about rape as much as women.
Men simply lack the willpower to do things like this.
Fake incel psyop demoralization bullshit.
Women would never do stuff like this.
Men are such simps its actually crazy.
A woman can falsely accuse you of rape and put you in jail for 11 years and then all she has to say is woops sorry and guys will be like "all good wanna be friends?" like whatttt the fuckkk.
Men should never get married and never cohabitate so long as prostitutes are legally available. There is no benefit for them. Women are manipulative parasites.
They arent though?
Prostitutes arent legal so should i go get married then?
We should be saying "have the overies to do so-ACK
served her divorce papers
Weird way to say that he abused her and their kid for years
I'm not sure. I'm sorry anon. If you can make do with porn or sex dolls, perhaps. But in my experience men will always crumble when presented with the real thing and having been without for long periods (or forever). Moving could be an option. Before you say "that's ridiculous" - consider the alternative. You will work like a dog to appeal max, and then work like a dog until you die to marry a fat, ugly, run through roastie who has a 50% likeliehood of divorce raping you, and turning your son into a troon and your daughter into a whore, when you have her mandatory child-support anchor babies. Just to have sex once a month with the lights off.
