Can someone please explain to me how someone could be considered not to have enough presence of mind to be able to make the choice to have sex but still be considered to have the presence of mind to make the choice to drive drunk?
Driving is a much more complex operation than the actual act of intercourse, especially for women, who really just have to lie there.
So how the fuck can a guy be charged with rape for having sex with a woman who is drunk and thus can't consent, but the same woman could be held accountable for driving drunk?
Can someone please explain to me how someone could be considered not to have enough presence of mind to be able to make the choice to have sex but still be considered to have the presence of mind to make the choice to drive drunk?
lolwut
It doesn't make sense that you can simultaneously be too drunk to be held accountable for sex decisions but at the same time your being drunk implies accountability for your driving decisions.
dont think about that. think about how girls can claim they were too drunk to give consent despite the guy they had sex with being drunker than they were.
Women aren't people and society is evil. Every part of society is designed to help women and harm people.
Legally, if both parties are drunk then neither can consent.
The concept of consent is irrelevant to the problems with driving drunk. I see what you're trying to do here but it's ultimately a false comparison.
It's about accountability. It's not about actually comparing the two situations.
Why does one situation enforce accountability and the other dismisses it?
Well drunk driving is pretty straightforward. Legally speaking, the ways that drinking and consent and sex/assault/rape interact are much more complex. It's 100% situational to the case. Sorry anon, but there just isn't a single answer.
Right. You can't tell the cops, "well I never meant to be driving, I was too drunk to know what I was doing" and get out of accountability for that. How could it be different for sex (outside of actual forceful sex crimes)?
You're forcing a false comparison. It's useless.
Laws basically only apply to men. Women are a protected and more equal class than men are. Same reason blacks always get away with the most horrible shit but White men get the book thrown at them. America is not a free country.
they are 2 completely different things, driving uti puts other lives at risk because your reflexes are slower, your vision gets impaired, you make worse decisions, while operating a heavy metal box that can go to extremely fast speeds, if we apply the same concepts to sex, if someone is heavily intoxicated and someone who isnt have sex its basically a person in their full judgment having sex with a person who is impaired both physically and mentally. 
in one situation there is a life at risk and in the other one there isnt. and ofc taking into account that there is a difference between being tipsy and drunk and that is very easy to tell the difference between the two
I'm not talking about the risk, the outcomes, or the nature of it at all. In one situation, the drunk person is held accountable. In the other, they are not. You can't say that alcohol both removes your ability to be accountable and that you can be accountable despite being drunk. They can't be true at the same time. Circumstances nonwithstanding.
One of these things has to be true and the other must be untrue. Either people can make decisions while drunk or they can't. Maybe it varies from person to person, but any individual either can make decisions while drunk or they can't. It can't be both, situationally.
dook-shala- ook ook ala ook presence of the shing of the fing of the fala of the pure tingalingalinga ooka booka thus therefore ookashala dooka
SPEAK CLEARLY FAG
You are retarded learn to write you fucking imbecile
drive drunk - fully responsible
sex drunk - no responsibility
Oh the hypocrisy! 
Here, I saved your shit tread.
