Boomers vs Zoomers: The Movie
Loved this film and the remake.
Original movie was more entertaining, remake was more in line with the book and morally consistent.
Grandpa Joe is the evil boomer who leached off his family for a decade, pretending to be sick, be suddenly he's able to get off his ass because he wants to leach off of Charlie's prize too. He even coerced Charlie into stealing from Willy and nearly cost Charlie his prize. Like a snake he wanted Charlie to sell the everlasting gobstopper to slugworth. Only by rejecting grandpa Joe could Charlie prove he was worthy of the factory.
In a weird way, that book really made me respect women and not feel like all women are whores. All women are definitely fucking whores, but a girl can stick up for you. Then you can feel like a piece of shit for not doin' the same for them when they got a problem, if you know what I mean.
Finally people who admit that the remake has value. Original is still great though
Ew, the one with the CGI copy pasted midgets? Gross!
.
Boomers like this one, right? And Zoomers like the newer one? Is that what you're trying to say? You could say the same thing about Blade Runner.
No, I'm saying the movie itself is basically a sort of little competition between Boomers and Zoomers within the movie itself. Zoomers being the kids and the Boomer being Wonka.
zoomer one is just like me fr
It had its moments
Technically wouldn't Grandpa Joe be part of the Silent Generation? His parents were closer to being Boomers, and Charlie was early Gen X
It was ok. I liked the songs, though they were never as catchy as the original movie.
I appreciate the remake for its loyalty to the book, and I appreciate the 70s version for its more memorable music and stronger sense of innocent whimsy. New movie was whimsy but it always felt slightly sinister, like the candy and inventions were always dangerous in some way.
You're thinking about this too literally, boomers are just a stand-in for the older generation
Plus the children were more innocent in the original movie
Zoomer wins.
I like how he just zaps him anyway fully knowing the dangers involved. That Oompa Loompa truly did not give a shit
Tbf he turned out fine. Even had a lot of fun being tiny.
Johnny Depp is generation X?
the first movie, I think they were all boomers, well I think the kids were gen X and Wonka was a boomer or some shit
You're overthinking this
maybe the person who made this thread and everyone who replied is overthinking, what the fuck?
The movie is kids vs adults, the actual generations don't matter
then why try to define or explain the boomer vs zoomer? why even call it that?
Boomers are just a stand-in for adults, zoomers are a stand-in for the newest generation
Its not boomers vs zoomers. Its elderly vs the young. Boomer is a specific generation, as is Zoomer.
This zoomer slang is beyond retarded and I wish it would die
Okay then, fair enough.
Does it really matter all that much?
