Consumption of antidepressants in single white women is skyrocketing for reasons that have nothing to do with feminism and the rise of the modern career woman.
It's probably because of all those damn incels. Those fucking losers are so pathetic, they gotta try to make poor innocent women miserable too
Or maybe women just actually go to the doctor and try to sort out their problems instead of seething for years before shooting up a mall like moids do
It's because of the growing popularity of veganism and meat replacement products.
White women are most likely to afford and try out those diets, and become depressed because of malnourishment.
It's obviously not working out if you need drugs for it.
Its obviously not working out if moids commit 97% of violent crime
Married women work more hours than unmarried women. Checkmate incel.
I wonder if socioeconomic factors would be the cause of this if you decided to look into it any further.
She didn't look into it. Even in a country filled with white people, women commit more than 3% of violent crimes.
It's true that men commit crimes more often statistically, but I'm fine with telling the truth because I don't have an agenda to push.
Feminism has also made women have more unfulfilling romantic relationships because so many guys are hesitant to act naturally, which is what women really want. No woman wants a nutless male who asks her to sign a written consent form before giving her half hearted cunnilingus. Women want to get fucked and feel desired
Yes, you're right, I just find it hilarious how people like this instantly start eating their words as soon as you bring up that the vast majority of people like this that they're referring to are black.
Do we want to ask "why" and extrapolate on this any further?
Men are also like 3x more likely to be arrested and charged for crimes.
Are we going to just say "Well that's because they commit more crimes", or are we going to invent a long schpiel about targeted policing and the prison industrial complex and how men are actively discriminated against.
The problem with this response is that prior generations of feminists told us that if we made the social changes they demanded women would have fewer problems. The current state of social arrangements were supposed to make women HAPPY. That was the claim that feminists advanced.
Are you now telling me that they were lying? Or were they just fools?
wtf? I love feminism now!
That's older women who were denied opportunities in life. I would take antidepressants, too
