eva the cat killer just did something diabolical on .gg/eharem
yeah i know her
frumpylamb#9281
https://www.instagram.com/ponyluvrr/
frumpylamb is a evil catkilling freak!!! Always blaming it on somebody else because she cannot accept it!
I have a video of her strangling a cat let me find it
is that female half asian?
Also her boyfriend Croc O'dile is a pedophile who pays fat girls to advertise his server Shepherd's Village and beats his wife
I heard that she was dating her own sister. Is that true?
Can any server match the eharem roster? 
trick: highest earner, made 13k inside three months, got the guy who took her virginity arrested
miyoko: tradcath who specializes in oral and anal in order to remain pure for marriage
ren: level 3 pretend autist requires round the clock care and wipe checks after going poopy
whoever op is: kills kittens for pedo attention apparently
Absolute insanity
pedo discord user calling the kettle black
Her feet btw
i found the video
Eva makes cats go ACK--
WMAF hapa 
mentally ill animal abusing psychopath 
Many such cases
what the hell is this bruh
This is how the eharem get attention for their server. They use that attention to draw in simps who pay the girls.
She is actually a cat killer we are just sick of her blaming other girls for what she has done and having a meltdown whenever called out
Lies. Otherwise she wouldn't still be part of your server and certainly wouldn't be the star of your marketing campaigns like this thread. Every one of you endorses and encourages this because you know it will drum up attention. 
How long has eva been part of the server? How long has she been doing this shit? These are rhetorical, I just want anon to see you all for what you are.
Not my server, I'm not even in it. I just came here to tell facts. Eva said herself she's been in these servers since she was like 14 and she throws a tantrum whenever anyone disrespects her authority as an "OG" or brings up the "cat incident"
Based. fuck cats
do you think she likes being strangled while fucking?
I definitely have no investment in this server I just so happen to be advertising it and spreading gossip
Hmm!
I've been here since I was 12, and this cat is still alive, keep making these threads, we all know you guys tried to start an investigation last year that literally nerfed itself, Because my cat is still alive, I got blackmailed and was being sent drugs when that video was made, yes it was a mistake, yes that video is real, but you guys are blowing it all out of proportion to make me seem like a killer, when I was blackmailed into doing it or I was gonna be doxxed and nudes were gonna be leaked, this is all just some game to advertise your server, it's not gonna work, you are all pedo scums and you will get what you deserve, especially you extorters! Have a good day AND PLEASE keep making threads about me! False police reports are illegal by the way!
sounds based 2 me senpai
Cat killing sister fucker schizo from New York lmao
Buffalo**
Sister fucker??? That never happened what
doesn't some pedophile own and extort you on the shepard something server
Show the cat is still alive or LARP. Always remember that you strangled an animal because you sent nudes and were afraid of the consequences of your own actions. You are a piece of shit.
You sure know an awful lot about the server personalities for someone who isn't in it.
If you were sick of it, you wouldn't be milking it to advertise your server.
The attention is translated into simpbux which is used to groom more girls to drum up more attention to milk more simpbux... Every one of you is in on it, otherwise you would leave the server. Pretty simple.
Wow imagine admitting to that wtf
Go play in traffic, cunt.
Ok dude this picture is literally today, she and him both had kittens
NOOOOOO NOT THE HECKIN KITTERINOS! YOU MUST BE LE HECKIN SERIAL KILLER!
Eat my shit cat fucker
Yes. Murdering domesticated animals is nigger behaviour.
Why do eyebags always scream MENTALLY ILL at me. Is there a serious correlation between eyebags and mental disturbance?
I got groomed in /eharem and I can't stop thinking about my groomer
this cringe zoomer server is still going
blessed be the day when this dumb shit is over
whore
