Can a metalhead get a trad gf?
Varg did.
i want a metalhead bf so bad.. i would feel so fulfilled if i had a cute longhaired bf who listens to death metal
by trad, do you mean like having children and looking after the home etc?
I don't have long hair but I do listen to metal of all subgenres and I do have plenty of metal bands merch so that's something
And yep, like a chill girl who isn't very into social media and wants to live a simple quiet life, very similar to the christian lifestyle
short haired
listens to metal of all subgenres
brags about owning plenty of merch
zoomer poser cringe retard
how are u a metalhead with short hair!!! it makes no sense anon
I mean I've been a metalhead pretty much my whole life so I ended up gathering a lot of merch but I don't buy it anymore unless I'm super into the band
That's the downside of being an adult AND broke
No but you can get goth and alt-gfs a plenty and most of them want to live on a cottage but not have children.
t. been there
as a general rule the requirements to get a tradwife are that you have to be a tradhusband.
My hair used to be longer as a teen but I ended up cutting it, I mean short hair is pretty comfortable in general
listens to metal of all subgenres
is actually the most cringe and retard out of it. only manchildren listens to every subgenre of metal when they become adults.
also the metal scene has the most ugly women in the planet
tradhusband
Yeah but I don't think that's incompatible with being a metalhead you just need to find the happy medium
You can appreciate different subgenres, I do have my preferences obviously but it highly depends on my mood 
You don't have to limit yourself to only a specific subgenre, hell, not even a single genre, there's plenty of good music to explore
im just being facetious anon :P
that's why you adult metalheads are manchildren, you have literally based your personality on a genre, metal kek. most subgenres of metal are cringe as fuck, only retards like power, heavy, glam, folk metal as adults.
not wanting a big titty goth gf
It's like being offered a pizza and refusing it to eat roadkill instead
get a christian metal gf
there is metal christian bands and concerts
some of the girls even have the alternative look but are traditional in their values, beliefs and actions
Can a metalhead get a trad gf?
Yes. You cannot, thoughever
i have big titty goth (only aesthetically) gf who is also christian and trad
implying that protestants can be real trad
LMAO
only retards like power, heavy, glam, folk metal as adults.
Not OP, but those are probably my favorite genres. Also hard rock and grunge.
being a papist
how fun is it seeing your leader shit on anything christ upheld?
Christ literally founded the Church. you know what He didn't talk about? the biblical canon. enjoy not being able to evolve due to your poorly translated sacred scriptures.
sola scriptura
kek
yeah if you're over 30.
people under 25 have little concept of the different cliques. social media ruined everything. now you're either cool or not cool.
i'm lds and the only church christ founded was mine
yours was made decades or even centuries later by roman senators to control the slave population
i'm lds
wtf is even that xD
unironically using the word trad
Kill yourself
