Being an ugly female is the worst feeling in the world
sending you my regards
Amazing larp. How much more times are you gonna keep posting these and thinking u actually get away with it?
some chads will get with a virginal ugly girl
all chads will use you like the disposeable onahole, for the rest of your life
and of course you have a sea of undesirable simps who will get with you, but you aint about that
doesnt really matter because you're not deperate and not capable of feeling love as deep as males
That's funny I always thought being an ugly male was the worst feeling in the world. The more you know.
I can guarantee you if you're overweight, cutting fat would solve 90% of your problems, no cap. My fat femfriend would be asking me for weight loss tips while ordering extra noodles right in front of my face.
not op but im fat, it makes men less likely to rape me
one time i slipped on a banana peel and that was pretty bad, too
I offer you a (platonic) hug of consolation.
" You'll get some dick eventually dude, you've just gotta get over you misandry and get some self confidence."
ok sure have a good one
That's ironic, because my said femfriend had her tubes tied in case she did get raped, chubby as she is. I don't even know what the logic was behind that one. I just hope she didn't spend money for that.
one time when i was much younger, i was running around and having fun. stubbed my toe at full speed on a cinder block so hard it basically ripped my toenail off. that was a pretty bad feeling.
agreeing with anon. in my personal experience, it's confidence and presentation that really matter.
i really want to shit right now but the toiled is clogged thats a terrible feeling
at least shes playing it safe. youd be surprised what some men are willing to go to jail for. i am guarding my virginity with an iron fist because nobody deserves it
just dont interract with abusechads how hard can that be
Are you Asian? Ugly Asian girls are my fetish
I know that feel.
Since I got the shot, I look like this. At my whole body.
I'm basically a monster now.
