Just to get her to notice you, not continuously paying every single day. Can any fembots confirm if their boyfriends have ever started out as simps?
As a girl, I want to chase, not to be chased after. It makes me disinterested. And once the chase is done, I am done too lol
Anon, women have a financial interest in lying and telling you simping works.
More generally, women are the worst possible source of information about how women work.
Even when they aren't lying they'll tell you the opposite of what's helpful because they lack self-awareness.
E whores will never love incels.
no for a very simple reason, you are already giving her what she wants (attention, money, both) for nothing
no reason she would ever reciprocate because she doesn't need to
Empathchan does she same shit.
Please for the love of God anon listen to >>73114770, for his advice is most sagacious and pertinent
not punching every woman you see in the face while yelling "nigger hitler" is a great way to get a girlfriend so by the standards of this board yes
So you literally want to be the guy. Just admit you're a tranny and move along
Who is she originallye
Id gladly date my simps, since we know each other so much I am comfortable about the idea of living with them and all jazz.
The problem is is that they are all broke and thousand kilometres away. 
So I had to settle on finding somebody locally through traditional dating which I didnt enjoy at all.
you dont care that theyre not masculine at all? that they literally bend over backwards for a women they never met? it doesnt repulse you?
I just find too friendly clingy people pleaser guys desperate and feminine which is a turnoff
what? you dont know?
i cant believe this. how can you not know who that is?
thats the person! thats the guy!
Any nudes? Strip her already
thats empi the femcel rapist
luce went downhill
No, I appreciate that. I find men worshipping women and being horndogs very cute and adorable. Men losing control and dignity over my pussy is extremely hot. 
Not to mention that I just like femboys in general too. 
I know many women dislike that but I aint one of them. I love feeling soft control over men and to call them good boys. I know to give it up to show my trust too though.
post link to her server, i kno she got one chud
Here you go anon, empaths server
.gg/Zk9vxUREM8
hfw she crushes my balls and watches me pass out from pain induced shock before proceeding to take all the money from my wallet and walk away
Everytime. Women like this only date ultra girly femboys, it's literally over for normal guys who want to be submissive to their girlfriend. I have no idea why but I see this all the time.
Someone fucking strips her already, you faggots. Are you a bunch of gay incels or something?
these pics are AI generated you idiot, she doesnt actually exist, the owner of that discord server is some 40 year old programmer
Nah you're a nigger faggot and you want to keep her tits only for you
I wouldn't say that I ONLY like ultra girly femboys, being average with a soft vibe, kinda like the big joel or theburgerkrieg youtubers are pretty sympathetic to me in terms of looks. 
The only thing is that I cannot be attracted to a dude with norwood 4 and beyond.
Damn I would love to suck on her tits
Just imagine sniffing this huge thick ass, what gift could make you happier?
The sad life of an egirl. Paid and encouraged to have no redeeming qualities. Desired only by simps who she will never like or respect.
Nor do the simps respect her for real, she's just another fapping material and we all know this. Anyway, take her vag
