Sex with fembot's throat
Making her choke and gag of my 4 incher of doom
POV: you are Chad and its an average day
AHHH NO NOT THE CHAD BOOGEY MAN!!!
femthroats are made for my 9mm
this is some cuck's future wife, after she's had her fun
this is normal. this is what females on this board do. literally every single last e-girl on this board was a whore
this is reality
not me i promise im different=^.^=
You guys think this image is the best thing since sliced bread lmao
Post buttholio
wouldnt that turn me into a whore?
If you could spend 18-22 fucking girls way out of your league, then at 23-29 could settle down with a girl in your league, would you do it?
No it would turn you into an exhibitionist, just don't post face and you'll be good
mmmm mhm but most of the egirl whores on here have only posted nudes so... not sure about exhibitionist
Come onnnnnnn don't be like that, just think like Nike and JUST DO IT
i said im different u nigger no im not going to
me and ops father 
NVKPA
No, a good relationship with a girl out of my league maybe, everyone wants that, but besides that id rather have a body count of one with my virgin looksmatch for all my life rather than being a manwhore who uses women to masturbate. Apparently normies say sex isnt even all that great, yet so many top tier men go out of their way to fuck as many women as possible. Either way i dont see the appeal of fucking random strangers, the especially since STDs are on the rise. I dont need the ego boost of a soft harem.
This.
Sex with a *black* fembot's throat
Me and empathchan
god damn oh yeah das rite
maybe, but its still wrong
maybe it would be the case that i would beat and prostitute a girl, or commit armed robbery, or kill people, if i could get away with it scott free
but i still think its wrong, even if could get away with it
and the fact that females do it so often, and lie about it so frequently, and even sometimes cuck the guy with someone else's child, not even mentioning telegony, its kind of unreal
like, how fucking easy is your life
I will never allow a man to do this to me
This looks so funny
why? submit u nasty sket
No because its disgusting and no man is worth degrading myself for
Shut ur bbc loving ass up. you should be happy a man would even think of going near your throat. thats ur only use to be a hole
anon is fat and ugly (cant be throat fucked)
seriously, its unreal that this happens
just earlier today some kv autist was saying how he got his first gf at 29 and she's 28. he said they were both virgins, and he believed her. she is some chinese christian, and he's tall and handsome
its unreal how easy females have it. like, imagine fucking around in your youth, and settleing for your looksmatch. guys are so desperate for pussy that they will settle with some used up whore who tells them obvious lies. seriously, and females will hold on to lies from cratel to grave
i never cuddled with a girl, or had sex. i held hands in school a couple of times but thats it. girls are out here really on turotial island with cheats on. its like this world is an amusement park, and my life is being the janitor that cleans up shit the toilets, and females lives is the amusement park
Why?
My gf stops after like 2 inches and never did it again
My cock doesn't get very far down their throat so I'm not sure it's an issue for me.
i could make the arguement that chad ruins other women, which causes huge amounts of suffering to most men, and also making the dating and breeding market more likely to be submissive cucks who are so desperate for pussy they do anything, including stuff like radical feminism, for a drop of used up pussy
cringe replies aside, why not? 
it's not really "letting him do it to you" if you love him and want him to be happy. 
why does sex always have to be some "dominance" ego thing instead of affection between two people
ahhahah my ex said it hurt her jaw to much and never did it again. dumb whores
