Is it rape when a woman forces herself on a man and has sex with him?
i agree with the fourth panel.
men are taught to be sexually aggressive and to suppress their emotions, including love. it's also a natural defense to women's unending and impossible demands from them under the guise of romance. this may produce a society in which it's a lot harder for men to be raped, though they still are in large numbers, either because a true rape happened but the man suppressed the effect it had on him, or because the women didn't go through the proper protocol but just got lucky and the man happened to be into it. it does make you think however.
No, its a gift
Depends on how hot she is
How about as a woman I rape him anally with an object? Thats rape too, and very traumatic/painful too at that
Forced sex is rape, if yo autistic ass doesn't mind being forced sex upon it doesn't mean everyone else is equally fucked up in the head.
Depends.
Is the man intoxicated? If yes, he was raped since he can't effectively consent while intoxicated. Though if both the man and the woman are intoxicated, then neither's a rapist.
Is the man mentally handicapped, or otherwise disabled? If yes, then there's a very high chance he was taken advantage of and raped, since he may lack the mental capacity to consent, or lack the physical means to resist.
How old are they? If he's a child, then it's rape no matter what. If he's a teen, then it's uncertain, as he may have been okay with having sex, but it may have also been an older woman using a position of influence or authority to pressure him into having sex with her for fear of punishment. Though it's safest to assume that it's still rape, since you don't want to set a nasty legal precedent.
When would you refuse sex when offered anon?
There are reasons someone would do that:
the man already has a gf or wife, and doesn't want to cheat on her
the man find the woman rapist hideous or otherwise repulsive
the man doesn't want to get the woman pregnant and have to pay child support
the man is a homosexual, and is unattracted to women
the man is busy, and does not have time for sex
the man is ill/disabled, and having sex gives him extreme physical pain
the woman has STDs and the man knows this
I am not some desperate dog anon - I can see myself refusing in multiple situations. Rape implies you aren't being asked or offered whatsoever as well.
