So I will never have my personal reversed harem full of yandere boys? I dont want to live but now I dont want to die either.
I wish real life was more like dragon ball. I could just train all day and become superhuman.
I wish life was like Rapelay...
Yeah, imagine paying taxes, Goku would never
Disgusting.
Taxes? I would just live in the woods training and eating dinosaurs. Eventually a princess or some billionaire girl would need help and I would come to the rescue, marry her and then just mooch off of her rich ass parents, just like MY HEROES.
But psychosis is real, so you could hallucinate all of that. Why aren't you schizomaxxing right now?
I refuse to believe the afterlife isnt real. every incel is getting in guaranteed if so. imagine the high honor of dying a virgin that is seen in the eyes of god
no we will never live in paradise
it wouldn't be sustainable or real. it would be small incoherent fragments of delusions and never being aware or lucid enough to actually enjoy being the witch of the highlands
there's no proof or reasoning behind it so everyone can just make up whatever sounds the most comforting
and it's a one way door once you die you don't come back, at least to most of our knowledge
we all got to die one day regardless so might as well believe in something for the off chance that it is real. 
however one thing people dont grasp is being faithful requires you placing earthly desires aside. Chad fucks 1000 women and thinks praying at the end of his life will save him, that's not how that works. to be forgiven of sin you had to turn away from the sin you were committing. chad and stacy just kept committing it over and over
Eventually I would get stronger then Kami or Dende or whoever it is and the dragon balls would be unable to effect me unless I let them.
And the dragon balls couldn't make him as strong as me since I would be stronger then their creator.
What is so disgusting about it huh
Women being immodest. You also either want them to rip each other to literal shreds or you've got a poor concept of what a yandere should be. Only men are allowed to have harem fantasies, it's evolutionarily with the grain of things.
Its an isekai fantasy dude, modesty would be retarded when you have all of those guys endlessly obsessed with you regardless.
And yes, I want my hot sadistic psychos to kidnap me, steal me, literally fight against and kill each other brutally FOR ME so I can get the best one in the end :T
Isnt that kinda evolutionarily sufficient too? I get to stay with the strongest one after all, the rest is a bunch of weaklings who should have never spread their genes in the first place so their death is meaningless uvu but before that I get to have them all to myself and have fun with each one (they all would be different types too, like in an otome)
Let people dream prude-kun
i can believe as hard as possible that i'll get a million dollars within the next 30 days but it doesn't mean it will lead to anything of value it just means i wasted my time playing pretend and when the time comes to face the reality none of it did anything at all
what if he wishes for a stronger dragon that keeps training to pass on that power
I'm not going to stop you from dreaming, but I will be disappointed at how your tastes were almost so good. I think it would've been better to have one yandere guy who's just in a brutal world defending you and keeping you all to himself. The indecency of sharing your affection with other guys, basically being a tease or worse with them, would be deeply sickening to any yandere.
Also, just me being autistic, but it'd be evolutionarily against them to die just for the potential of one mate(if we're talking about humans anyhow. If you somehow produce 100s of kids then it's another story). Other girls exist and all of that and if you're going to kill for mates(which harem having animals don't actually do that often, more just injure each other and back off) then they'd be wanting to have multiple mates, in the same way you do.
no there has to be an equalizer I have to believe there is. everyone who wins in this life will be punished in the afterlife, and those who suffered in this life will be rewarded greatly
I think it would've been better to have one yandere guy who's just in a brutal world defending you and keeping you all to himself
BOOOORINGGGGG
The indecency of sharing your affection with other guys, basically being a tease or worse with them, would be deeply sickening to any yandere
I want to test their limits kek, also hey, if we are not in a relationship, I can flirt with multiple guys at once in different occasions. Not my fault if all of them turn out to be yanderes and become delusional/possessive out of nowhere kek 
I like the process of getting to know their unique methods too. Like I said, a game like this would be so fun, Im so tired of playing a scared Yui/tsundere Mary Sue all the time, plus the guys are always the same types. I want a really good gory but also psychological horror otome to be my new reality because at least there would be ACTION and I would get to feed my narcissistic self.
I would be the most important to everyone involved and yeah, probably badly hurt/injured a few times but first of all im masochistic to the core plus the guys wanting an isekai where they are also overpowered and fight dragons all day could get badly injured too, right?
I might not want to be overpowered, but an unusual endurance would be nice
I beg you pardon? In MY isekai?
He couldn't wish for anything that was beyond Kami's power to grant, which is very limited.
what evidence or signs is there for that besides our human appeal for the concept of fairness
we don't know what happens when we die and i'm not confident enough in any explanation to base my life off it
can kami turn me into the witch of the highlands?
What is the witch of the highlands? You could probably wish to learn magic since Kami can do magic.
ig none really but faith. imagine there is no equalizer where everything is made fair. life would suck and I wouldnt want to live in the afterlife if its not fair
everyone who lived like a king should be forced to live like an incel in the afterlife for all eternity, and watch the incels on earth live like kings and fuck their wives
What is the witch of the highlands?
she's an immortal witch who takes it day by day
why? why should they suffer infinitely?
if we are still on the concept of fairness, that seems hardly fair. finite pleasure must be paid back with infinite suffering?
You can use the dragon balls to wish for immortality.
How does she take it
Up the ass, of course.
she's an immortal eternally young cute witch girl who lives a comfy life
i think she's still a virgin after 300 years
Is she like this? She's an immortal witch that takes it day by day.
being the witch of the highlands sounds like a comfy existence
she looks a lot younger. like eternally in her late teens and her body is pretty fit from farming slimes for centuries
it does. just completely stress free
You don't need to die to become a witch of the highlands.
then what do i have to do
You have to have sex with me of course. Trust me, my sister is a witch I know what I'm talking about!
Cast spells and look cute doing it!
maybe if i were a witch i'd mess around with sex magic
i don't know how to do either of those
I think i also wish i were the witch of the highlands. I want a comfy life
Then learn how to do it!
How do you ever expect to be a witch?
Do you think they never try to learn themselves new stuff?
okay maybe not eternity but for as much time as us incels suffered so about over 30 years so far for me
what would you do as the witch of the highlands?
I want a comfy life
don't we all
where do i even start
they'll just experience life in your shoes for a bit then go back to being chad
do you want to be chad?
yes I want to be chad but I still want to be the same character but have my bad traits fixed
what does being the same character mean to you
never really thought about it desu because ig if I change too much will it still really be the same character
i guess it's a question of when do you stop being you probably has to do with personality or brain stuff
ship of theseus experiment. how much can you change before you are still the same you
the afterlife isn't real
False because NDEs are real and prove that there is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
"As my soul left my body, I found myself floating in a swirling ocean of multi-colored light. At the end, I could see and feel an even brighter light pulling me toward it, and as it shined on me, I felt indescribable happiness. I remembered everything about eternity - knowing, that we had always existed, and that all of us are family. Then old friends and loved ones surrounded me, and I knew without a doubt I was home, and that I was so loved."
False again, see pic related, it is literal proof.
there's no proof or reasoning behind it
False again, see pic related, it is literal proof.
Already explicitly refuted in the literature you likely have not read on NDEs. And the book in pic related is known to convince even hardened skeptics that there is an afterlife.
Isekai is one of the worst things to ever come into anime/manga. It is 20x worse than when anime/manga was flooded with moe crap. At least the moe was almost always original in some way despite it being crap. But isekai is almost always:
And it's always so some loser loner can self-insert into said loser character.
well i'd say it's still you if it's your consciousness just playing a different character
it's not proof nobody has ever come back
it makes a good fantasy at least
LOSTIMUS MAXIMUS
