just a regular ass white guy
Better than being Indian, aside from the legal complications of being white
posting spacejin
I know what you are. Don't try and hide it.
bro just move into Afghanistan/Congo/etc. Whatever you do after that point, never in your life you will have that same thought again
I was literally about to comment Im just happy Im not a fucking Pajeet, especially literally any one that isnt bolly-chad tier (they actually do score, good jawline cheekbones and hunter eyes kill cross culturally)
recognizing a spacejin drawing and pointing it out
I know you better than you know yourself. Freak
I would still hate that I am just an ordinary dude in a world of people who arent.
You can be a raisin in a bun, or a raisin in a bag of raisins. You're still a raisin, environment matters.
food analogy
Sneed
Haha food analogy food analogy FOOD ANALOGY FOOD ANALOGY 
FUCK YOU I KNOW WHO YOU ARE YOU KEEP SHOWING UP IN THREADS I BROWSE SPECIFICALLY are you TRYING to make me break down?
What is your angle?
Why are you following me?
I've seen this for months I know who you are I just don't know who you work for?
Don't try and wriggle out of this.
I NEED ANSWERS OR I WILL FUCKING LOSE IT YOU FUCKING HYLIC
I would still hate that I am just an ordinary dude in a world of people who arent.
Statistically, white men are a tiny minority, so no. Even in the global sense you are not ordinary.
Not reading the all caps part hope those parts isnt important.
Kek, i have no idea who you are two, but I would like to see you two more. 
Cope and seethe, agent of the DEMIURGE YOU FUCKING AGENT OF THE DEMIURGE AGENT OF THE ANTICHRIST FUCK YOU I'm done being silent I'm done being followed I'm done with this shit you fucking fuck stop following me I don't care what three letter organization you're a part of just LEAVE ME ALONE
i lost my virginity to a girl that i really liked. i nutted incredibly fast, but after nutting, i was still as hard as a rock. went again for 15 minutes, nutted, still hard, go again and eventually she was sore. i always thought that after "finishing" you can't keep up. is that just a myth for the Untermensch who smoke, take drugs, sit all day and have a terrible diet? i have to mentally persuade myself to stop fucking. it was x10 times as good as i thought it would be. picrelated. i'm going to fuck her this weekend too.
Is it different when u are having actual sex? After I jerk off I want nothing to do with sex for at least half an hour
yeah it's different. when i masturbate i also cba on it. also this was supposed to be an original post i don't know how i sperged it AHAHAHAH bless
I might have to try his the next time I jerk off just to see if I can do it.
