Being good at sex is 90% having a big ass dick. People cope and say this is untrue, but then they can never explain why most men who are highly regarded for their sex game also happen to be well endowed. You will never see women as a group gush over a small dick man because somehow he was so good at sex or eating pussy.
Just talk to your partner and actually care about what they like you actual retard. You have never had sex
big dicks reach a certain spot for a lot of girls that feels heavenly and 1000x better than being eaten out but this is a vocal minority. i've experienced it and i can't go back but most of my friends are with regular sized guys
No.
t. femanon who has a very tight pussy and prefers smaller dicks
ngl but if u go on like reddit or something you will see that a lot of women arent the biggest fan of big dicks - because it hurts a lot and not in a good way. i can confirm the whole time ur just waiting for it to end because its so unpleasant but obviously everyone has their own preferences
Wdym waiting for it to end?
literally just texting a woman a picture of your huge cock is enough to fuck her. anyone who has a huge dick and doesnt have sex whenever they want is a volcel 100%
its also one of those things that spreads like wildfire, once one woman you know finds out you have a huge dick she's going to tell everyone she can as fast as she can.
Is 6 inches small enough for you?
waiting for the guy to hurry up and cum so u can stop being in sheer agony?
But its a big cock, why you waiting for it to end? Enjoy it.
Sheer agony is surely an overstatement
Does that woman not look in bliss sucking on the huge cock.
wtf is happening to this dudes balls
Women are also the ones who say they like nice guys who are kind and emotionally open, the fact that you mention reddit makes this claim even more laughable.
Being scratched by big duxk feels kinda like having hemoeroids, I wouldnt call it pure agony, but it is certainly unpleasant and nothing to enjoy there.
That doesn't disprove my point, you just happen to have a smaller vagina that needs less to be filled. You still need the man to have enough dick to fill you, which proves size matters a lot.
That would probably hurt. 4-5 is ideal.
what the hell? haemorrhoids?
I read a reddit post by a girl whose bf had a big dick and she said when he hit her cervix it went into spasms and she was rolling on the floor in agony feeling like she was dying for hours. Sounds horrific desu this is part of why I dont want a big dick bf.
women don't want to teach someone
they want a man who's perfect out of the box
when there are thousands of men begging to fuck you, why settle for anything less than the top? It's not a worthwhile investment to put years into a low value male. Waiting is smarter.
are you speaking from experience? do you not just have vaginismus??? dick should feel good
Anyone who talks about enjoying having their cervix hit is 100% larping. Its one of the most unpleasant feelings possible.
Idk about gushing but my bf has statistically average wiener, like 13-15 cm judging hy the measurement I made by noting certains point on my hand when doing habdjob. But he has had 3 bitches before me and he is very good at sex and eating pussy and I actually cum from sex with him unlike that times I was with big dicked chad. He know exactly the spots to push on. The only problem is that he doesnt want sex that often, but maybe its not a problem actually as healthy abstination increases the pleasure I feel from sex when I finally get it.
people upvote what they want to see more of
reddit is an echo chamber that literally hides disagreeable content.
obviously they're going to upvote "actually women like fat guys with small dicks" comments more than the truth
Absolutely true. I saw a thread talking about reasons not to date single mothers, the highest voted post was a guy saying because its too sad to leave the kids behind if they breakup. Pretty much the most blue pilled soft ass reason not to date single moms.
Except on r9k where only absolute universal truths are allowed and no one talks a bunch of shit about things they don't know anything about i.e. having sex with women.
Has nothing to do with upboats you retard, any woman who has experienced this knows how unpleasant it is
I have been hit into cervix and it wasnt THAT bad for me, but it depends. Sometime its very painful but sometimes Im that horny the feelings kinda mellow out. But even in that cadr I cant say I enjoy hitting cervix in paticular, but when the man is jackhammering I really enjoy the fast movement around the entrance to vagoo and whats inside is not so noticeable then.
Thats cool, but my point still stands, in general the guys who get the most attention reverence for their sex skills are well endowed, and you'd probably feel very different if your bf was leit small.
Can you disprove the OP though? You cannot deny that the men who get the most praise for their sex skills always have big dicks and smaller dicks are shamed and made fun of.
Some women like it, others dont. Everyone is different but as a general rule the vagina isnt that deep. Sure there is some size queens out there that want to have their organs rearranged but that isnt most women. To most, girth matters a LOT more.
Why not? You have no fucking proof that claim, and when people have posted images to the contrary you just say "women are lying about everything they say that contradicts my point." You don't want to be proven wrong - you just want to demoralise others down to your level of self-hate.
Reddit post of women virtue signaling, against countless incidences of women praising big dicks and making fun of small ones. 
If you want to cite reddit as a source, they also have subreddits where small dick men talk about their negative experiences with women.
I fail to understand your point. Yes girth counts towards the total size. When people say big dick, they usually mean the length even though most women dont want the 10 inch porn star dick.
No they don't you retard
Everything you type reads like a ChatGPT response with how phoned in and HR it is
I'd much rather have my average yet girthy cock then some monster that I couldn't even use
LMAO that's not the first or third time that someone on this board has responded to me and said that my replies sound like a ChatGPT response.
If your dick is below 4 inches it is not a penis, its clitty. It is basically nonfunctional, and you qre a disabled person if ypu have one. Of course women are not satisfied when they face a pinus that litera physiologically cant penetrate enough to shoot sperm into womb properly. A penis above 4 inches though is enough to make a woman cum if there is skill and from that treshold size is irrelevant.
its not an overstatement it literally felt like i was gonna tear - i now know i will never have sex with a guy with a big thing ever again
her jaw is probably killing so not really
false, that's like saying height doesn't matter beyond 5'5
Vaginsmus my dear. Work on your jaw
yes im speaking from experience and i actually went to the doctors because i thought i had that but they put a speculum up there and said everything was fine else it wouldnt have even fit up
Op is a man and has no clue what he talkin bout
robots really want to have an algorithm to point to on what women will like. its all on a spectrum where every person likes something different. stop focusing on "gaming" sex and try being someone people enjoy being around and is willing to do what their partner likes in bed. its funny that robots actually make things MORE complicated by creating "rules" and "stats" rather than just being able to empathize. the literal autism of this board man
Show pussy? Or fake
its one of the most obvious fake penis i've ever seen.shame on you for not identifying it yourself
Saying just dick size matters is like saying only height matters.
There is more that makes or breaks the deal.
In case of dick said "more" is how well guy can postpone ejaculation and how well he can get it up.
It doesn't matter how big your dick is if your horsecock lasts for half a minute and can't get hard when needed.
Being in good shape helps too.
Fat virgin fucks tend to forget how physically demanding sex can get.
Unless you expect to lie like a log and girl do all the work, you'll need at least some minimum of muscles and stamina.
thats pathetic u worthless useless whore, u cant even accompany a cock inside u. u have no purpose kek
how i literally just coped with the pain for the guys pleasure
There is a lot of truth to what we discuss though, yes people are individuals who differ but women especially have certain preferences that apply to the majority of them. Its not an equal distribution of variety of preferences, the ones who don't like big dicks, tall men a nice face and money are observably the minority.
The problem comes when you think too much about this shit, you basically mentally fuck yourself out of love and dating because you know you lack certain traits or have traits that women don't like and won't even try. The thing is though, our lack of confidence with women is right 95% of the time, so we're not even being unreasonable.
Her face clearly shows she isnt anjoying this shit tho
Aside from the fact that its fucking porn and not normal woman vagina
so you coped with it while u felt like you were gonna tear kek u probably looked disgusting
whats considered a big thing to u? size
Not a good analogue
The value of height is relative to womans, you have to be 4 inches taller than her, beyond that the height difference between candidates becomes irrelevant.
umm like 6 inches plus i think but idk sizes that well
So u want a below average man?
You don't even understand what women seek through sex if you can't see she is having a blast. Women want to feel dominated and overwhelmed by the masculinity of the man she is with, yes the dick is beating her into submission, but that's exactly what makes women so hot for well endowed men, it makes them feel weak and feminine.
i am 7.5 inch indian man yet i bet foids won't believe me if i told them because they have been socially conditioned via media and porn that only niggers can have big dicks...........
would this be acceptable?
People who make that argument don't really understand the appeal of big dicks. You could blindfold a man and have a ugly chick suck and fuck him to orgasm, but sex with a girl who is actually his type would still be way more fun. Same with girls, another girl with no penis could bring her to orgasm with clit play, but she will still crave and prefer the hard dicking that only a dominate big dick male can give her.
unnie thats the point. why even fuck if youre not gonna cum or feel satisfied after
dont lesbians just buy big dicks if they want it that bad?
i am good and my dick is not even 7 inches
This is true, my ex had a massive +8 inch dick and sex was super rough, it got to the point where I sometimes couldn't walk properly if we did it more than 3-4 times a day
My current BF is a much nicer 4 inches and isn't as needy so I can enjoy our weekly sex sessions
That's not even a big dick so I can't imagine that "hurts" as much as something literally monster sized
Ok, true, yes but why are his balls above his dick?
ahahahahahahahhahaha nigga deleted this
how big is big enough to reach this spot?
you can cum and not feel satisfied after
Why are you rephrasing shit to agree with it??? bot??? bot??? hellllllooooooooooo???? Are you there human???? WAKE UP!!!! AHHHHHhhhh
All true. Small dick energy is literally what women commonly say to men they dislike. They will virtue signal about how height doesn't matter and dick size doesn't matter but then you see all their partners be 6'7 with a 9 incher.
No complaints
cause i never had sex
You impress a girl more by dicking her down for a couple of hours with a normal dick than 3 minutes with a bologna dick.
Its like the skin is all bunched up because it should have been longer. You should get that ligament surgery to get the extra inches back.
Very true, never lisens women, watch what they do.
Wow, tell me more about how much you enjoy your current dicklet bf.
The problem is normies hate admitting to many of the uncomfortable truths regarding dating and attraction. They downplay the importance of looks while telling you to lower your standards and date within your league .Girls will say size doesn't matter yet would laugh and join in making fun of the little dick guy her friend hooked up with and is now exposing.
That is a very serious concern everyone here has. It made me think that I should start a thread about what you should do when you find a hidden drug stash in the room of your kid, since that is also a concern a lot of people here have.
Reminder all incels are pathetic homosexual faggots who are obsessed with mens cocks
Would be funny if both of those were trannies.
lol women always resort to calling men gay when they tell the truth or criticize them
I dunno anon. Knowing that even a single mother has options and will dump your ass is pretty blackpilled and funny.
We call to gay when you obsess over Chads and save webms of other mens cocks because you are a little faggot poofter incel.
aka you're upset that we tell the truth.
Depends on the woman.
I've met a single woman in my life whom I was unable to make her orgasm during penetration, and I have an average sized dick, but all evidence points towards intimacy issues considering I broke it off with her on that basis too (it was a whole shitshow).
There are multiple ways to pleasure a woman and the key to success is being able to achieve intimacy with said person AND knowing how to please them through most ways possible.
Having a big dick helps with chicks that have 1. big dick preferences (psychologically) and 2. their vaginal depth, for chicks with a shallower vaginal depth it's painful (and I know it can stretch but that can vary as well from chick to chick), one of my exes told me that sex hurt a bit because I was hitting her cervix, meanwhile my current gf told me that my dick is smaller than her ex but she was unable to reach penetration orgasm with anything else other than her dildo until she met me, let alone the fact that no one made her orgasm during oral because most dudes do oral just so they can get over with it.
Other ways to pleasure her are based on her preferences, if you nail those, there's nothing to worry about, manage her kinks, get into her head and it's all you need to do, it's the exact same in reverse. I've had girlfriends who were pretty damn hot but just I couldn't maintain an erection during sex until the end, achieving and maintaining intimacy is the point, if you're boring, too weird or awkward then you can have the biggest dick or be the hottest chick, it'll only be painful and/or bad.
That being said, I am a bit jealous of other dude have a bigger dick because while technique and finesse is enough, some chicks DO have this kink and you can also adjust your movements so you don't hit her cervix and cause her pain but I'm also afraid to be told one day that I'm not enough, especially if I would get cheated on due to not being able to offer what others might, I'd go mad in this case.
Women who post on reddit are obese, ugly, blue hair feminists who can only acquire a fellow obese numale guy with a small dick. Attractive girls don't use reddit.
At least /r9k/ doesn't censor shit. FemaleDatingStrategy was the only sub that spoke blackpill truths and womens actual thoughts and reddit mods shut it down. Women do care about dick size, you need 6 inches length 5 inch girth minimum to please a woman
t. actual femanon
Welcome to reddit where men can be women, and ugly can be beautiful. Remember 2016, if you went off reddit Bernie Sanders should have been president, yet he failed to even come close to beating Shillary. That proves reddit is not real life, it's just mentally ill trannies, sjws, and fat feminists.
Small dick white boy, this is why your women are turning to BBC kek
I've basically gotten by with just having a big dick with 7 female partners, it's mesmerizing for them usually
That reminds me, I bookmarked a page from FDS where they were talking about how dick size is important, I checked it and it seems to be gone, but like you said, they were incredibly honest.
I thought that was a tranny with a zoomer haircut
that dude has no balls
sick puppies, right there
What was the baseline average consensus?
Definitely pretty small, but pretty aesthetically pleasing for such a tiny penis.
Guys.
Don't worry about your dick size, it's running a psyOp on yourself. It won't get bigger or smaller, and below average dicks can be enjoyed by women.
Don't use the worst or best examples from random retards on the internet that may well be lying or larping when you will never have sex with that person.
Try using your dick instead of finding reasons not to.
lol you will never have fulfilling sex if you keep affirming this to yourself
be a man and get over your sex addiction
stop watching porn and build a connection with a woman where sex is thrilling because you love her
you have deluded yourself to believe that your below average dick is the reason you cannot have gratifying sex or sex at all but that is not it
it is literally your personal inadequacies
you do not view women in any healthy way and you have rotted your brain with porn
however if you actually improve yourself and stop wallowing that your dick is not big enough on baseless claims about women's pleasure (you do not communicate with women or know what they like)
you need to start coping and save yourself anon
ITT porn addicted fags talk about cock all day long + psyop (probably)
you're right about porn rotting your brain, but the bluepilled rant about self improvement is cringe. reality is women are more attracted and satisfied by larger penises
https://incels.wiki/w/Scientific_Blackpill#Penis
NOOOOOOO I DONT WANT TO BE A BASEDJAK NO NO NO NO N ON O
NOOOOOOO l DONT WANT TO BE A BASEDJAK NO NO NO NO N ON O
"Among other reasons" lol
The other reasons:
21% of the study's participants also admitted they had terminated a relationship, among other reasons, the partner's penis being 'too small'
"Among other reasons" lol
The other reasons:
the bluepill says size doesn't matter, the redpill says size can be increased with binaural beats, the blackpill says size matters, and the whitepill says that size matters to women, but who cares what women think
Pretty much what you would expect, although it leaned more towards definitely not wanting a dicklet or dead average pencil dick guy, as always somewhat above average cock is the most loved. 6.5 with decent girth seems to be the point where you shouldn't worry.
Confiscate them for your own use.
Tell little twerp to bring more drugs.
Shalom to you too Mr.Shekelberg
Reddit deleted them because they told the blackpill truth that the fat basedboys didn't want to be exposed.
Almost made it, time to rope
That's like 80th percentile in America.
My favorite thread was where they were discussing why they refuse to approach men first. Turns out its not because girls are too feminine or shy, but rather its a power play to ensure the man is willing to chase them.
No wonder cuntoids think rape is about power
EVERYTHING is about power to them.
no. being good at sex is 95% mental.
Why would I want a guy to have an ass dick
but hearing a girl scream because you're too big for her is one of the best sounds of nature
Better than dick ass
Based.
Remember kids- if she doesn't bleed afterwards, you're too small and should troon out via Impossible Whopper diet.
this is true and even can make some cry in a bad way. it's very sad.
no it can really hurt us.
i remember crying alot and hating myself and thinking/saying something was wrong with me since i'm so small and we wouldn't work out
Why are his balls right next to the base of his shaft?
Could be on steroids.
hearing a girl scream because you're too big for her is one of the best sounds of nature
No it's not. That's just horrible.
What a reasonable fellow.
It's not.
My Filipina ex would want me to go all out in the moment, but when I did she'd be bedridden from days, just groaning in pain, crying and bleeding.
If you actually develop feelings for a girl I'm telling you that this will not go down well in your head.
