Half Nigerian, half Estonian. Fembots, would you date him?
We are reaching mutt levels previously thought impossible...
Wdym? He looks pretty white to me
maybe if he kept his head shaved for the rest of his life.
No I would not because I would want my kids to have every chance possible of fair skin and blue eyes and blonde hair I want babies that are cute
was the Nigerian his dad or his mom. This will effect my answer
He is 6ft3
Estonians were not meant to breed with Nigerians, God put two landmasses and a sea between them. Yet Man has mutted what God once held separate...
Do you also like guys who have a buzz cut?
Have you ever felt Afro hair? Its very soft, like a lambs wool.
Humans werent meant to fly either, thats why we invented aeroplanes. I think the result is pretty nice.
I am against all forms of transport that can quickly deliver people farther than the next village over. That creates mutting
Sure
It doesn't suit him and looks ugly. might be racist, but it's 100% true.
Another tranny rambling about a nigger thread
That's good, it's what I'm rocking. But I'm probably nowhere near as handsome or chad as this fucker anyway.
well he's more "chad" than what I would ever realistically aim for ngl. buzzcuts are nice though.
or he could relax it
Do you also prefer mixed race dudes like him?
No. I find mulattos extremely ugly, even moreso than niggers.
not really, but that guy would basically look like a southern european white dude without the hair.
do you like it this kinda length?
are you posting brad pitt just so you can get mad at me for saying the haircut is good lol. but yeah.
He looks like an average brazilian. He would be considered a 9/10 here.
HOW DARE YOU FIND A SUPER HANDSOME GUY ATTRACTIVE!?!?! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
no I was just curious about a woman's perspective on this type of cut really
well, it depends on each woman, some like it very short, some like the "average" cut, some like mid length, and some like long. but my favourite is mostly very short.
Nice. That's good to know anyway there may be hope for me.
If humanity would have been only people with your mentality, we would have died out 60k years ago.
Why does he look so weird?
I get actually furious seeing these abominations, knowing the parents destroyed and wasted their genetics on making mongrels. Imagine what could have been if the Estonian paired with another of their kind. Fuck.
Thats a mulatto? He looks like a quadroon
The OP pics parent clearly had superior genetics though. Hell all they had to do was breed with another white at least and they'd have made a model, pure looking gigachad.
There's no way this dude is 50-50 black. He is way too white. He is definitely larping
