I will make it bros, I might not compete in actual tournaments but I will lose this fucking weight. Pray for me.
good luck man
most people give up on new resolutions before the 2 week mark
prove that you're not one of them
thanks dude, I am completely out of shape and dissapointed in myself but I will try my best. I already thought of quitting because of how hard it was but i will stick to it even tho Im afraid
don't forget the 250mg test 200mg primo 100mg tren 6 month recomp cycle.
congrats on starting, one of the most difficult parts of trying martial arts in my experience was just showing up. it really helps your confidence when you try
Based af inshallah you will lose weight
based anon i hope you do well. im similar except i do judo instead.
The 3 digits is a fucking mental barrier.
The fattest I've been was 95 kg and I always a little happy that I never got to 100 kg.
Nowadays I'm closer to 80 kg, still fat, but not fat fat, I guess just having a reasonably normal life made me lose weight pretty nicely.
Good luck anonbro, you'll make it.
im going in 1 hour to my first class, anxious as fuck
if you quit i will murder you.
might be a little awkward the first few times but it gets easier every time.
I puked too before going there due to heavy anxiety but once i got in there i was fine, you can do it bro we all trust in you!
I wanted to start boxing for a while now but have been considering doing kickboxing instead. I've heard the tradeoff is that kickboxers are worse with their hands but boxers have no feet whatsoever.
unless i'm mistaken the original UFC was a fringe internet thing where they pitted different martial artists against each other with almost no rules. karate vs judo, boxing vs shaolin monk etc. kickboxers dominated which is why UFC today is essentially kickboxers with grappling.
straight up boxing is easier to get into tho and either way you'll be fit and formidable fighter.
are you a 5'4 goblin or something?
You won't regret it, OP. Keep up the good work. MAs like kickboxing, boxing, and BJJ are fun as it is, but they're also effective for self-defense and it's great for losing fat. Just be sure to spar when you get good enough. You can hit a bag or mitts all you want: you won't build instinct until you start sparring.
yeah thats pretty much it.
if just boxing was a think in my country i'd do boxing. less likely to hurt your legs and easier to get into.
fucking everything is MMA now and before that it was kickboxing or taekwondo.
Boxers are excellent on their feet. It's where the overwhelming majority if your power comes from. You also got to be explosive, especially when working angles or getting punches in before getting out. Kickboxing is superior in that it gives more tools in your arsenal to work with and to defend against.
At which point is it too late to start martial arts? I want to try but first I should probably work out and achieve a body that won't get exhausted in 10 minutes
Unless you are physically disabled: anytime. When the gym I was in was still open: obese guys would come in and lose a shit ton of weight.
HOLY BASED 
Go buy some cardarine DMHA and L carnitine too
Anything over 185 is fat fuck regardless of height
no, your %1 of the population gym physique does not refute this
Remember to run 3miles daily and jump rope foe at least 3 rounds daily.
When you have a bone issue, otherwise anyone can do it
Great job, anon. If I wasn't a perma hikkineet I'd be doing martial arts again, it's probably the most fun I've ever had in my life. Keep at it!
Nice dude, I want to do a boxing for weight loss and just for fun but I have eroded cartilage in my left elbow. I can still sign up for a gym and have access to stuff but will never be able to spar which kind of sucks
no need to try that hard, dwarf. anyone 6'5+ should be 100 kg by default. andre the giant was over 230 kg in his prime and that fucker was around 6'11
besides.. bear and lion modes are the only acceptable modes for a man. everything else is twink faggotry including otter
update:
went there, was loads of fun, everyone was very nice, learned how to choke someone out, few submission stuff, striking and how to flip a dude. Ate too much for breakfast and ended up throwing up in the toilet lol but was good to go after that, will be going back
I'm proud of you, anon. Good work.
I'm going to take a year off in SEA and training Muay Thai is going to be one of my main goals. I've never done any sort of combat sport but I'm ready. We're going to make it bro
