30+ Thread - Been busy doing overtime Edition
Haven't been here in over a month, been busy doing overtime, sleeping, more overtime, watching films back to back at the cinema on days with no overtime, sleeping, more overtime and so on.
World seems to be getting worse for wageslaves, here in the UK they literally told us that we have to accept being poorer. Fucking, a shitty fast food place I eat at jumped up in price FOUR times in the span of a month.
Anyway, how you doing?
eh, pretty shit i feel. 30 and a khhv with friends who are pretty successful (great money and soon to be married). the only consolation is that despite me being a massive loser (i've unemployed for a longtime) they still hangout with me and invite me to sleep at their places. one im probably going to stay at for the next few days so it helps with the loneliness.
How many friends you still got?
invite me to sleep at their places
You still have sleepovers?
Anyway, how you doing?
Quit my job at the factory after 3 years of working there, bailed on the therapist, and tossed all of my medication in the trash. I am having some /sig/ anons try and help me get my life together before college starts in August but if I fail I am just going to commit suicide. 
I got my first genuine friend or at least I think its a genuine friend in a long time. He kind of motivates me to want to be better because hes a 30+ neet as well and I love hanging out with him so I want to do better so we can be friends longer.
I'm doing okay. Hit a plateau on my weight loss and gonna do maintenance for two weeks, switch from cardio to lifting at the gym. Also recently switched OS, went from Fedora to Endeavouros, I bought a new wifi adapter and by trying to get it to work I totally messed up my computer and that's why I switched, everything is good and working now though. thanks for reading my blog
bailed on the therapist, and tossed all of my medication in the trash
Was it for an actual mental illness/chemical imbalance/trauma or just a bullshit prescription to issues caused by the world at large?
like 5. 2 i have known for almost 20 years. 
You still have sleepovers?
yes and i still find them to be fun. im ready for the jokes, i know how this site works.
Alot of the therapy and medication i have been on since 15 has been because i do not have the skills. I used to have panic attacks because i had no idea how to make friends and would ignore people because i thought they hated me. Someone would try and talk to me and my body would dump so much adrenaline because the only social interaction i had was like
brother is fucking my heroin addicted step sister in the bed next to me
mother , father, and step father constantly making my life hell with nonstop fighting 
shit that shouldnt be actually bad but because i got a little conditioned i would vomit or become violent when anyone would interact with me out of raw fear.
I got all that taken care of and she wanted me to start dating but im terrified of women.
Anyway, how you doing?
Bad. Pretty much on the verge of suicide, but I've been this way my whole life so I guess nothing will probably happen. I never leave the house. I don't enjoy anything. I have no hope. Please someone convince me to kill myself.
thanks for reading my blog
No worries, gives me motivation to continue to lose weight and (attempt to) build muscle.
5?! That's way more friends I've ever had during my lifetime.
yes and i still find them to be fun. im ready for the jokes, i know how this site works.
I mean, how does it work with people having families to look after? I literally cannot picture it without imagining you and your friend wearing ill-fitting pyjamas from when they were kids.
DO YOU SUCK EACH OTHERS COCKS AT THE SLEEPOVERS??
Hah! GOTTEM
Sounds rough.
but im terrified of women.
Similar-ish position and the added bonus not being able to find any women (on level ground) at this point in life.
how does it work with people having families to look after? I
im really fucking lucky, desu. im not going to bs you and say im some sort of awesome person or anything like that. my friends just don't have kids yet and i know when that happens i'll be gone. invited maybe to their kids bdays and stuff, but they will have their own family and of course i support them dedicating their time to them.
 I literally cannot picture it without imagining you and your friend wearing ill-fitting pyjamas from when they were kids.
it doesn't really change all that much. instead of pop and ice cream, you switch to alcohol and talk about life and play video games. it's might different for those who are in better situations, but i doubt it. from what i hear from them about their coworkers who still do it (to get away from their family for the night) they will just get hammered, crack jokes, play games and then pass out. others might have philosophical debates about god knows what or just do drugs all night long. i think it at the end of the day it's just about spending time with the people you love, the activity doesn't matter that much.
no one wants to do that, anon. your folks not around anymore?
im really fucking lucky, desu.
That you are. It's crazy just *how much* I miss a decent conversation, and all I can do is seek it out here on a dying site filled with bots.
Anyway, how you doing?
Started feeling depressed recently. Want to stop spending my time on useless shit like politics, the 2 games I play, and other shit. I don't know, it's all a waste and I'd rather do other things, but then I feel like I'll miss them at some point or simply replace those things with other things that are also useless.
* I miss a decent conversation,
what exactly is that for you?
I see my dad once a week. He's great and I love him and I hate never having amounted to anything to make him proud. My mum is not a very good person. I don't talk to her very often.
could you see him more often or your schedule doesn't allow it?
I feel like I'll miss them at some point or simply replace those things with other things that are also useless.
at least its something different, you already know how the things you are currently doing go.
I'm already too much of a burden on him, once a week is too much as it is.
It's hard to tell these days since most of the company I have now is *old* men at work.
what is considered old, aren't you 30+?
not him but in the real world 30 isn't that old. not everywhere is /r9k/ with an average age of 15
Depends on the situation. If you work a wageslave retail or fast food job, 30+ is ancient. If you still go to clubs at 30+ it's seen as weird.
dying site filled with bots.
Dont worry, before 2030 InternetIDs will be a reality.
Should I be using more than one dating app at a time? Hinge is going okay, but it's super slow progress.
I work with like literally 50-60+ year olds. The few that are my age have families and mostly talk about their kids, or worse, sports. The remaining are older zoomers who don't really have much in common with (or too much in common). But most people here are old men.
but in the real world 30 isn't that old.
It's old when you don't have a significant other or a family (or any assets).
have no idea what to do with myself tonight
I always get so excited for Friday and then never end up doing anything
Trying to get your shit together when youre over 30 and have accomplished absolutely nothing is such a surreal experience. The mind plays all sorts of tricks and derealizations to protect you from what is to come. Watching guys in my same situation go insane, kill themselves, become junkies or criminals or hopeless affection starved prison faggots, or simply die or become worker drone zombies, how could I remain calm in such a situation.
At least Im fully sober now, doe
how could I remain calm in such a situation
the older i get the better i seem to get at this oddly. it's such an important skill. you have to truly let go and not care which is near impossible, but you can somewhat approximate it to good result in my experience
Im almost 32 and have never seen a vagina in real life.
Most of you retards in 30+ threads here on r9k fit more into the soiboi reddit meme and should just stfu. Take your beer, your GF and your boss being a pain in your back somewhere else.
I cant imagine how fucking cringe you have to be to have sex and still come here to try to hack and cut your way into some special treehouse situation with "your boys" here on r9k.
I'm not a virgin because I paid for sex, friendo. How about you grow the fuck up, do the same and get over it? It's no big deal, trust me. They're wet, soft, warm holes. That's all they are. Your pretty boi looks make no difference when the stench of your mental illness is so strong, so get over yourself, grab that phone and call a whore before 100% of bitches do that "date first (paid by yourself), sex maybe later (paid too lol)" bullshit. Oh yeah, I got lucky in that sense, the golden era of prostitution was when FB and social media wre just starting to explode in growth. Now zoomers and faggots in denial like yourself need to court, yes, fucking court a prostitute before fucking here. Aw man, the West has truly fallen lol
I wonder if all the equivalent 30+ femanons, dorks and low status women have all settled down.
Used to frequent these threads for years
Eventually outgrow them 
Really only lurk the mcg thread because I have a thing for older women
30+ year old wizard, few friends currently working in a job that fairly chill
Honestly the romantic loneliness is drivinf me a little crazy. But I am learning to embrace the fact that I really am an historical male. I gonna live and die a virgin regardless of what I do. 
I just wish the whole world wasn't taking a massive shit as well.
I think once things become unbearable, mainly economically
I gonna just kill myself, I don't have living family anymore, no kids or wofe. I basically here to fulfill my bucket list until I can't no more then the rope
pic
That's a dumb pic. Dude's trying to aim for something waaaay out his league and not his type.
Unironically pizza shirt guy
Come on anon
Are you trying to bait me?
One bump.
You know, I've been in wageslave jobs for over a decade now working with retarded co-workers, and I've realised that my vocabulary has become limited.
you know that question you asked? well its actually important to have the answer to that question
I am genuinely surprised that there is a worse response than a platitude. Impressive
Start reading books mang
Eh you wouldn't have liked the answer. For me t's basically just being hyper aware of my thoughts and realizing when you start being overly emotional. You have to then have the self control to kill the current thought pattern. Meditation helps a lot because concentrating intently on something that isn't the current negative emotion is how it fades for me anyway. Also you are a faggot.
I'm just in so much pain bros
I can't even ignore it anymore, not with alcohol not with work
I don't even feel like any of the friends I have would be alright with me telling them this 
I'm hurting so bad
I'm so hung up on past mistakes and missed opportunities
I'm full of regret 
I just want to cease existing
Funnily enough, I used to read a lot of books when I was younger. My attention span is shot though, just so many things running through my head and most of it is calculating, justifying, predicting, the direction my life is heading. My mind won't let me rest for a moment.
Funnily enough, I used to read a lot of books when I was younger. My attention span is shot though
sounds like internet and porn addiction. many such cases
you wouldnt like the answer thats why i didnt answer 
so dont make the post
rest of the post
wow there is actual content
Also you are a faggot.
being abit overly emotional huh retard. Good job moron
never said I was perfect, just better
sneed
I mean, there are moments where I'm able to get my head down and to try to learn something or read. But then the dread of an empty existence comes back in eventually.
I've realised over the years people, most people, don't *genuinely* appreciate just how much of a support group they have.
I dont wanna be in my mid to late 30s living at home but the economy is so bad and the housing market is competitive in my state. Life is painful robots but you have always been nice to me so thanks
You're supposedly working. Nothing wrong with it to save up some money in the meantime. I only find it somewhat depressing if you are doing it with no job or potential exit for the future. Just stagnating until your parents die.
I am working and have been working since I was 16yo really. But getting out seems nearly impossible no matter how much I have saved which is already quite a lot.
Any consideration to moving somewhere cheaper?
Okay I guess
Getting over one girl, now falling for a lesbian who asked for my number today.
We're just work friends for now, but she's good with kids which is a major turn on.
It probably is impossible in areas that are liveable. The rich fuckers are buying up all the property in my area. There's houses in my area that approaching the million pounds mark. And note: This was an area that used to have one of the highest crime rate in London.
low key humble brag
You normalfags are such insidious human beings.
my psyche probably cannot cope and I am just mentally ill I guess I'm doing bad objectively
oh yeah ofc I know that is logical and would even feel like a new exp and all, but my family is here and I have a young niece I like being around and my parents will be getting older in a few years, well they already are really. But I should move, where are you generally located? Is it nice?
London
damn broski I am all the way on the west coast (Commiefornia) but I understand its hard everywhere. something something jews
Getting over one girl, now falling
I often wonder if because I was a virgin until 27 that I'll always be wanting female attention because I was starved of it for so long.
What do you do when your widowed mother is batshit insane and won't seek help, and literally chimps out at you and starts screaming at you?
There's no solution to this problem man you either cut contact and let that fuck with you for the rest of your life or you just try and fail to help and just watch them implode in slow motion.
For me it's a coping mechanism.
The girl I'm getting over was my oneitis, but the other one in question I've also had a slight crush on for years.
Commiefornia
What it's like over there? I've become deeply, deeply, disgusted with London over the years, it's clearly become a playground for rich cunts and virtue signalling americanised liberals. I swear to God everyone dresses exactly the same now, different areas used to have different dress senses.
38 m virgin los angeles
kik /snap: zsasza
kik /snap: zsasza
This isn't /soc/ you dumb fuck.
Grey Rock method is really the only way of dealing with crazy types. Or you can beat the shit out of her, badly enough that she snaps out of it (she won't but she'll think twice now).
Also I wonder how common this scenario will become soon, fuck
youre still a virgin anon, that doesnt count. having to use rubmaps or craigslist to lose your V still means youve never felt real intimate love, youve still never convinced anyone to get nasty using only what God gave you. Like a divorced boomer who has to fly to Thailand to get laid youre still a failure
I am a 35 yo virgin with no friends, work as a Senior Software Engineer. Do not know what to do with my life. Any advice?
this is a larp, right?
its the same breh, I traveled to my mother land of Ireland awhile ago and loved it there, but Commiefornia is full of criminals and people with broken spirits and there isnt much hope for our age group here
I honestly don't care if I'm a virgin or a truwiz or not. Never understood this obsession with "love" so many guys around here have. You're paying one way or another for the "love" of a woman. I was just telling that faggot fakecel to get over himself. Ironic he called others redditors lmao
Stop giving so much power to women and do what your ancestors have been doing for millennia. It's the most normal thing in the world. Nobody has to know you did it, you know?
Nope. Why do you think so? I've always been an asocial type.
one of my best friends trooning out at 35
he was already getting annoying as fuck with how thin his skin was and ironically because he doesn't understand women at all
best friend is glad to finally be rid of him because he was kind of a bull
still sucks
Just working it seems like. Work my main job then on my days off I work my secondary job. I need a vacation but travel is expensive. I so desperately want to be a passortbro and fuck foreign on my adventures. 
My dad's business took a 10k loss today so all my travel money I saved up so far is going to his wallet and it fucks with my head. Got so depressed today I took 2grams of mushrooms just to power through my workload. Idk anymore I don't mind suffering but it would be nice to have some periods in life where I wasn't depressed stressed or poor.
Like a divorced boomer who has to fly to Thailand to get laid youre still a failure
Tangentially related but at work I had the experience of listening to my older single boomer coworkers at my wageslave have a discussion between them about the visits to thailand and other SEA countries, and the massages that are in this country. It was a strange experience listening to their conversation, and there was a weird....bloodlessness to it.
Senior Software Engineer.
Sounds like mega bucks.
At 35?! Why?
I'm not trying to insult you or make you feel bad, so don't take it this way. if you are a senior software engineer, you are more than likely some super smart guy who also makes pretty good coin. this over a career where you have probably worn many hats and gone into management positions, project managers or whatever would force you to be in positions where you are social. not to mention having to go to work conferences and meet others you were bound to meet a girl or two. if not a girl, at the very least a couple of friends along the way. in my eyes, you seem to be kicking ass at life so to here you lacking those things i mentioned (especially friends) is kind of shocking.
started community college
got all A's after an insanely difficult few months with no support system
thanks for reading my blog
I wonder whats behind the troondemic, from what ive gathered it can be mainly two things
brain shits itself, mixed with a lifetime of coomerism it develops into autogynephilia, thats why antispsychotics used to work when it was recognized as the mental illness it clearly is
extreme loneliness and lack of affection, mixed with a lifetime of moe tranime watching, the now ex-male cannot fathom any other wayof getting love other than becoming a woman
Admittedly, as a friendless male the second line frightens me....
what are you trying to become and you apply for scholarships?
No clue, I guess he wanted a special label or something, I had a childhood friend that trooned at 30 as well, but with him I could kinda see it (he was weird as fuck) 
He literally always had had a beard, and we have a friend group that wouldn't have cared (and still doesn't really care) he immediately got on hormones and laser hair removal, wearing bras and really terrible makeup that makes him look like a Korean man. Then recently he just started ducking out of every social thing we do.
We were talking about this shit like 10-ish years ago on the chans when transfaggotry shit started gaining steam on the chans.
IIRC it was "porn addiction, a need for novel porn and a lack of meaningful interaction with the opposite sex"
Congratulations. Genuinely.
he isn't a coom brain to my knowledge and barely watches anime. He always prided himself on being more normal than all of use and he actually had issues in relationships because he was so fucking vanilla. His ex got mad at him because he wouldn't ever be sexual with him if he wasn't drunk.
His ex got mad at him because he wouldn't ever be sexual with him if he wasn't drunk.
....so he was a fag to begin with?
get cat
cat perches in one specific spot every day
makes cute noises at me every time I pass by him
Luv me cat
Hey maybe catladies are on to something.
They are nice if you want companionship without too much responsibility. I got him some automatic toys so he can keep himself entertained and he plays with the little automatic laser pointer all the time. Sometimes I can hear him chasing it at night and it's kind of soothing.
I'm 31. My fiance is 33. We have been together since 2018 and are getting married this coming autumn. Last month my fiance had like a mental breakdown? I knew about their weird sexual fantasies (don't we all have some) but they said they will be unhappy for the rest of their life if they do not get to act on the fantasies that are actually physically possible in the universe. So, sexual things like giant alien tentacle space rape are clearly unattainable, but sex with a TROON!!! is what they desire most. I said, I think it's weird and I don't want to be a part of it.
I feel like I'm being gaslighted into thinking they love me so much and would never leave me and that's why I should let them meet a male-to-female for casual sex basically whenever they want it.
I don't know what to think!!!!!! I love my fiance so much except for this!!!!! Reeeeeeeee
my fiance is a porn addict and can only be happy if he fulfills his porn addict fantasies
good job anon, you sure know how to pick 'em
I've been reading screenshots of a subreddit called troonwidows or something, and it's like, there seems to be a bunch of (usually low self esteem) women who've picked the worst possible insane man to settle down with. 
How are there so many of you but I don't run into you IRL? I'm not going to troon out.
How'd you meet your fiance?
sorry typo, he's straight, I wish he was a fag so bad now though.
Sometimes I think it's just sheer bad luck that I've been alone for so long when I read or hear stories about the craziest chris-chan level fucks women have decided to tie the knot with.
any other wizards around? please dont let me be the only one. seems like Im the only one who is still a permavirgin. every girl finds me disgusting no matter how much I lower my standards
im the anon with the first post, do i qualify as a wizard to you?
Level 3 wizard here. Never had the latter experience though.
he (was) a good looking guy with a serious serious inferiority complex, he would always date ugly.
I'm a wizard, age 32
It is what it is
Great, honestly. Got married a few years ago after being suicidal for 5. Job is dumping huge amounts of money on me so we're speedrunning early adulthood financials. Bought a house last month. 
Feels nice for things to go right in life for once
you're not alone, most of us wizards probably don't browse this shithole that much
also i come to r9k for this thread only and lurk 90% of the time
Different wizard here and, same
;( Yes I think they do have a porn addiction and I've expressed my displeasure but the perfect partner doesn't exist and you can't change literally everything about someone to fit your self.
What is a troon widow? where you marry someone and then years later they are like, surprise haha I'm a tranny?
I don't think my fiance wants to be a trans. They are regular with a good job, we both have good normal salary jobs, we have a house together, we are saving money to buy a 2nd house, we go on vacations. We are planning to have a baby next year. It's all very normal and regular except for the sexual fantasy!! 
We met on tinder, I had moved to a new area with a long-term partner (5 years) and then they broke up with me and I didn't know how to meet people.
is there a new home for people like us? to get away from the toxicity here and others like>>73133062 so that we may have more mature conversations?
yes you are a wizard being a khhv no matter how many friends you have. 
I dont browse as much anymore because r9k feels like its mostly normies who have had sex. hard to relate here anymore I lurk on is now
What is a troon widow? where you marry someone and then years later they are like, surprise haha I'm a tranny?
Pretty much.
We are planning to have a baby next year.
Be careful. Please for the love of God be sure that he isn't going to troon out after you have a baby.
r9k feels like its mostly normies who have had sex.
It feels like bots are posting. I know for sure there were bots on /pol/ some youtuber fucker was testing out a few years back.
wizchan is the only place i know for wizards but i don't have the will to post there anymore, it's a grim place
to hear it's worse than this place sure is depressing. i guess if a better place existed, you wouldn't be here.
it's a grim place
It's a resurrection of wizardchan. It has problems. Though it did have the interesting "End of the Wizard" threads for a year or so.
I know for sure there were bots on /pol/ some youtuber fucker was testing out a few years back.
think I remember that now that you bring it up so it wouldnt be out of the ordinary because a lot of r9k posts get repeated
I'm almost sure that most of 4chan is a ghost town besides the popular boards. I'm going to bed. Hope this thread stays up.
Been trying to find meaning in my life. Saw my childhood friend for the first time in maybe ten years. Shes been fucking guys left and right, used and discarded, and lost count of how many shes been with. I pussied out of doing anything sexual with her when she was coming on to me so I'm still a virgin. Don't think I could go through with it even if I hired an escort. I think at this point I'm just scared of doing it. Not having those types of intimate relationships when I was supposed to feels like its scarred me in some way. Now I'm too old and dealing with single washed up women who just want me as their out. Can't open up. Doesn't feel like I can just let myself be vulnerable. I wanted to share that first moment with someone else. I thought I gave up on it but I guess I still do. Makes me feel like a child at heart. Sometimes I see teens posting about their sexcapades on my twitter feed. Don't know how to feel about it all seeing them have something I'll never know. Guess I'm more innocent and naive than children these days. Don't really have somewhere else to type this, but needed to get it off my chest. To live really is to suffer
most of them are. I use /ic/ daily and its a slow board. goodnight anon
i read your post and appreciate you sharing this anon. what actions are you taking to try and cope with it all?
Just living and trying to find new ways to enjoy myself. Been alone all this time so its not anything new to stay that way. I never found what my calling was or something I was passionate about. So I just work so I can fill my life with new experiences or go to new places. I was never able to get a career started, and I'm not the best at networking so I work more than I should have to really since everything is balanced around having dual incomes. Sucks but I have to get everything on my own. Don't have a partner in crime to help. Only thing that keeps me from clocking out are the little day to day pleasures
i know it sounds dumb, but have you considered going for massages? having women rub your body (not talking about happy endings) actually feels really nice. don't know if you feel touch starved at times, but this is a solution.
38/M
Drinking tonight.
Work from home, most days I do a few hours of work and then dick around online or play video games for the rest of my shift. Looming possibility that I'll get laid off though. 
Got back into DDR a few years ago, also started playing Pump it up recently. 
Lost my virginity last year. 
Have been making an effort to date but lately all the convos just fizzle out.
Keep thinking about what my future is going to look like when I eventually stop playing DDR and I lose touch with the friends I have. Without a family or friends, it looks bleak.
It's good that you didn't lose you virginity to a hobag. I did years ago when I was desperate but I would have preferred to only ever be intimate with one person in my life. Save it for love, don't get taken advantage of by parasitic women.
It has problems.
It's starting to resemble this shit board more and more, unfortunately. The way I see it the main issue is too many retards making worthless threads and pushing existing ones to the archive. /dep/ for example has like 6 or 8 "uhhhh guys how do i kill le myself t. le epic quirky suicidal wizzy". Lets be fucking real, if you're committed to dying you will find a way, but anons, rather tourists just bring this faster=better mentality. Which is a serious problem because-
Though it did have the interesting "End of the Wizard" threads for a year or so.
Because this kind of ahead-of-the-curve threads will eventually become extinct. Like some guys arguing on /meta/, all things must die, demographic shifts and such. The only other semi active IB I know where you can have that kind of discussions is facing the same problem, there's nothing I can do about it though.
I wish I could put less importance on e-places and e-people, but I've got nothing else. Damn...
World seems to be getting worse for wageslaves, here in the UK they literally told us that we have to accept being poorer. Fucking, a shitty fast food place I eat at jumped up in price FOUR times in the span of a month.
Im not digging at you, but half the reason people are poorer is because of stupidity, fast food in particular.
I work as a manager in mcdonalds, and since the "cost of living crisis" started out sales have been pretty much going up and up and up. Yet no one takes responsibility for that. Again not you, but if youre complaining you cant afford rent and gas and electricity, maybe, just maybe not eat fast food every fucking day. Buy a mid samsung smart phone instead of the high end etc..
Finally a 30+ thread to bitch and moan in, I was thinking I might have to start one myself thank you anon. Well 32 yr old school custodian here and feeling alright, drinking and smoking and got my dick sucked by some whore after work in my car, was unfulfilling to say the least. I need a gf. Things have been real up and down lately some days are good some are bad but not a day goes by when I don't think about how lonely I am. I quit using hard drugs in January and I numbed myself for so long with them that all these feelings came flooding back after I got sober and now its leveled out but I need someone in my life I can have a connection with and its driving me fucking crazy. 
I hate being home so much now its unreal, all I do is smoke weed and reflect on my shitty life and go into a fantasy world in my head. I got an interview for a second job at a supermarket just for something to do and so I'm not alone, plus I need the money. Also the person who did the interview was cute too and I thought about fucking her while she was talking, I think I need help. Its sad how I reached the point id rather work all the time then have a life.
Some might remember I posted about this a few months ago, there's this teacher at work I asked out a few months ago but she told me she got a bf, yeah right I heard that one before. I know I should leave it alone but I still wanna get with her but sometimes shes just too nice so its fucking with me. Like I see her in the hall the other day and shes all smiles and bubbly going "omg anon I haven't seen you in a while I almost forgot what you looked like hehe", and we end up bullshitting for a few minutes before she goes back to class and all I could think about the rest of the day was her and it was really fucking annoying. She knows how I feel but is still kinda flirty, fucking escorts don't help its emotionless sex and when its done that post nut clarity is real though.
fucking escorts don't help its emotionless sex and when its done that post nut clarity is real though.
Nah, you gotta fuck them harder, for longer, and as many as possible. Desensitization will do its magic. I used to browse prostitution forums a lot, what you're going through is normal, it's something every seasoned whoremonger has gone through. Some decided getting a wife wasn't for them, and kept fucking a different whore each week. And they were happy, sort of, as long as you don't make the fatal mistake of becoming emotionally invested in them.
women at this age
the women posting in this thread
holy jesus christ, please god, end my life
kill yourself katie, i hate you, go get raped
I'm going to be a 33 years old virgin in a couple of months. Feels weird. I have a friend group, but they are all having kids now, meanwhile I can count on one hand how many hugs I've gotten last couple years. 
Financially and career-wise I'm doing fine. I've learned to put a mask on, so people immediately start liking me wherever I go. I don't break under stress, I'm very self sufficient. Yet I feel like a little kid, crying in a corner.
Hello Boomers, how are those aches and pains?
Do you think now you are old and seen as useless that you have something left to give?
What is your favorite soup?
Have you finally accepted death and becoming a pensioner
have a friend group, but they are all having kids now,
Man if you didn't see them much before, now it'll be literally be months to a year before you see them again.
aches and pains
I am in very good health.
useless
Not even remotely, God has a plan for me, and for you.
soup
Soup is disgusting.
death
Never been afraid of it. There are worse things.
Go into town
Groups of 30-60 year olds of men and women all having fun 
It's always so surreal to see people my parent's age being normal
Are you the guy who got rejected by the teacher? You seemed like you were doing ok
Hello Boomers, how are those aches and pains?
They're alright considering I only have them from doing things with 30 pound weights that would make you fold like a little bitch
go to gym after only using 30 lb weights for weeks and weeks
casually pick up two 50 lb weights and bust out a set of girls after doing seven sets of 5 reps squatting my body weight
Wizchan has the additional problem of being a LARP site. It has a rule where you're not allowed to discuss wanting a significant other or friends. So you end up with people talking about problems where it's obvious the main cause is social isolation or you get a bunch of LARPing zoomers loudly exclaiming how much of a wizard they are at 20.
had tons of time in 20's
didnt know what to do or try
know what I want to try career wise
its too late
epic, lost the rat race
You know what I regret? Not understanding what the fuck uni was actually for. Unless you're a brilliant academic, it's for networking but of course if you're a working class pleb with no social skills you assume it's a place for learning.
Me too. I regret being so naive about the whole uni experience. If you're a genius or very good at making connections with others then its a smooth sail. I didnt do any of these.
meanwhile I can count on one hand how many hugs I've gotten last couple years
im your age and kv, and the last time i got a hug was from my dad over 5 years ago. and he's dead now, so nobody will ever hug me
The other thing I regret is not joining the anime club back then in 07/08. It was one of the few clubs at the freshers fair that had no people signing up for it. It was literally just one red-headed girl manning the stand. And it was the last couple of years before normalfags decided that anime (and geekdom as a whole) was their property and take over it.
I remember a post on 4chan somewhere, quite a few years back, where an anon got a mediocre pass on his degree but he got a good career because the president of the anime club got him into his father's company. IIRC the anime club consisted of like 4 people or something.
You the anon with the really thoughtful students who leave you notes? That shot warmed my heart.
There werent any clubs in my uni besides semi-frat thing going on. Connections is the most important thing.
why are you using meme pronouns unironically?
it makes your text hard to read
what about your mom other relatives?
I lost my wizardry at a massage parlor before I knew what Rubmaps was.then i got a account there and write reviews now lmao.how the times have changed from wizard to monger
Senior Software Engineer.
Atleast you have career going on. Im a wizard and long-term NEET.
I'm pretty sure it was just some guy poking fun at us. I don't think this anon actually exists.
my regret is playing too much video games. while it was fun Im now burnt out of video games as a whole and cant enjoy them anymore. if I had spent my 20s self improving and working on my hobbies I might not be here right now fuckkk
any young 20s anons should use these threads on what not to do with your life. the blackpill is freeing but should also be used as an inspiration for the younger generation to stop ruining their life before its too late
How does the blackpill ruins a person's life? To me, it just makes you see how your time can be better used after the the initial pain.
Gen Z can kiss my ass. These threads, or at least the 25+ threads, have been around since at least 2015. If they didn't heed warnings then, then fuck those idiots. At the thread were more populated and helpful (to a degree) back then.
no Im not saying the blackpill can ruin a persons life, actually the opposite. young people should use the blackpill to better improve their lives. 
what I said will ruin their life is playing video games as a coping mechanism, soon they will realize they are not in their 20s and video games just arent all that enjoyable anymore. well buddy you got 50 more years to go and now you get to do it alone because you wasted the prime time of your life obtaining some pixels nobody cares about
I disagree with you, desu. Video games are fine as long as you are part of communities. If into the fighting types, join the local scene or get into tournaments. The whole point is to be around others and form relationships. If l you do is stay in your room alone playing video games never seeing others, then yeah, you're right.
How does the blackpill ruins a person's life?
Doesn't blackpill generally mean feeling that the World is against you?
It's self perpetual, if you're a bitter sad cunt you'll never make it and think the worst of things
yeah thats true joining local scenes for video games is a good avenue to go. also if you take up streaming I could see why video games might still be good. exactly that playing video games alone and never seeing others was how I spent my 20s and was such a waste. I will forever regret it
what about your mom
i was kicked out of home at 18 and i saw my mom once time face to face past the age of 19. she never loved me or cared for me
other relatives?
i have 3 brothers, and i never speak to them. the one immediately younger one hates me because i was a cunt to him growing up (because my parents liked him better than me and treated him better and told me to my face), and the other 2 i literally dont know. i have a brother that i literally never interacted with outside of once several weeks after he was born
i have literally no one else. no cousins or relatives or any of that shit
im not a fucking normie
Not him but gaming communities must be kinda fucked these days.
The point of the blackpill is in the end you may as well care about the pixels. Everything else is in complete disillusion. We are in this weird in between phase of history. One great epoch is coming to an end and one is about to begin. Nobody has any idea what it will be or which side the pendulum will swing. People who "figure things out" in their twenties typically have a different set of circumstances than you. Accepting that traditional institutions are defunct means your personal timeline is open. All the lines that could previously be crossed are moving in all directions. You have exited the race for pussy. Any male that's paying attention has done the same. Breathe. Obviously you wont be an olympic athlete or some great thinker at this point. But a productive, healthy and meaningful life open to whoever can meet the hand they are dealt. It wont be what you think it should be.
Doesn't blackpill generally mean feeling that the World is against you?
It's not really against you as much as it gives zero shits about you. People won't actively do you harm, but you will be ignored. If all your efforts are ignored (when it comes to the opposite sex and sometimes friendships with males though that's not too hard too overcome) you are free to do whatever you want. Knowing nothing you do will ever make a woman ever like you frees you from getting their approval. Of course it sucks to a degree and you won't have a family, but then you can put your money to different uses. You have more time to spend with family and friends or try new things. The other thing that's nice is that you can stop beating yourself up. Thinking that it was your personality or some other flaw that others try to tell you is within your control. You cut through the bs and see things for what they truly are.
I disagree too. 40, neet &amp; hikki, still enjoying video games as much as I did more than 20 years ago.
The only 'coping mechanism' I had was that being alone would be fine. People might think it's fine for the first 10 years, but another 10 years and it really starts to wear you down.
I'm also talking about being really alone, with no social circle whatsoever. I've noticed that most people complaining about this still have a healthy social life, children or even grand-children so it's different.
Why do you say that? Evo is still a thing, after all.
Who knows maybe Im still redpilled deep down. I feel like the blackpill should be used to accept the truth. the truth being that looks are the only thing that matter before everything else and use that to further improve your life with cosmetic surgeries, different style of clothing, etc.
But my efforts aren't ignored. Generally one of the largest things that's held me back is my personality
pills
I remember when the multicolour pills were a dumb joke. There's bits of truth in them trying to fit into these "pill" formats is stupid.
People might think it's fine for the first 10 years, but another 10 years and it really starts to wear you down.
Jesus fucking Christ does it wear you down.
I never got to be part of a gaming community but I noticed in the last 10-13 years they've become.....odd.
Alright, the blackpill does not negatively 
affect you then so congrats.
update sine last night: I dropped my 1000 dollar iphone in water yesterday looking up 2400/mo apartments I can barely afford.
and I should get that dent out of my car as well
1000 dollar iphone
Your first mistake. I still have my old android from 2016. I will never willingly give money to greedy companies unless I have to.
You're not saying anything of substance or explaining why they have become worse. All you've said is I noticed a dip for reasons. Can you flesh this out more?
I am only 31 and that being alone shit is already wearing down on me badly. I contemplate roping weekly. I wish I could still enjoy video games like I did but every time I see a video game couple it makes me want to rope even more. I avoid watching movies and tv shows for this reason too. there are not many copes for people like me who suffer at the sight of seeing happy couples
the iphone is the least of my financial worries and the thing I am probably addicted to most for jacking off and making plans via text
same, my friends just give me their phones they no longer use after they upgrade. why pay for the latest and greatest when I use my phone for just calling others, facebook messenger, youtube and internet browsing.
even when I bought the phone almost two years ago it wasn't the newest model, just new to me. it was like an iphone14 or some shit, and the first I ever got. what model are we at now?
Can you flesh this out more?
I didn't want to say it but a lot of them are filled with trannies and degenerates. I didn't want to say it because now I will have idiot anons ranting about "outside" forces that. It's not that they're wrong perse but how they're pointing to the wrong thing.
I feel like the blackpill should be used to accept the truth. the truth being that looks are the only thing that matter before everything else
I would say that's a part of it. Biology playing a chief factor in your potential mating pool is the meta analysis of that. But even further it's that most things are simply out of your control. Interests do come and go. I can say that I left gaming for a decade and came back in the last few years. I enjoy it in a different way. I appreciate the mechanics alot more. I would say the pills are more of a holistic viewpoint. I unironically think you should accept some degree of wizardom. You strike me as someone who thinks of his place in the world as a "failed life" instead of "his life". I'm not saying there isn't a clear drive toward normalcy with women, career and status. All of the trappings. But the price of freedom is leaving that behind.
Well, without being too pessimistic there's only 3 ways your life can go from here.
- you commit to the rope
- you go down my path (i don't recommend it)
- you readjust or reinsert however you want to call it in society
If that can help you I did find my 'cope' when I was at my lowest point maybe 8 years ago. I just decided that I did not want to kill myself, it's cliche but you do get one life so might as well just use it as much as you can. There are plenty of games, movies, books and who knows maybe humanity will have an interesting technology event in our lifetime.
The major turning point in my reasoning was realizing that, sadly, when you're an outcast you truly have to not give a shit about society as a whole to start enjoying yourself. Because if there's a thing that people are good at it's to remind you how you're an outcast. That shit is negative as fuck if you think about it.
I like doing art and making games but I dont know if ill ever play them again. I feel like most hobbies are pointless when you're not doing something with them. with art I get to share it online and on /ic/ with gaming it never felt like that for me and I never wanted to do streaming / youtube gaming. so ig thats the only thing keeping me around. 
looks are definitely the most important aspect as it dictates what we eat, what we drink, etc. however there are other factors at play within the blackpill too like just be first, or having a high status to attract a mate, etc.
We are going on iPhone 15, had to Google it lol. I remember the slide phones being the vest because of the ease of texting. I didn't get a fancy phone (one with that wasn't a terrible browser and I could actually install apps) until I was in my early to mid 20s. Even now I still don't see myself needing more than I already have. I don't think they could make a feature that makes this thing anymore desirable. My phone still has a headphone jack that I use and no way I'm giving that up.
I know society really beats you down when you are an outcast or perceived as a loser. like 90% of media is showing a life you can only dream of having. its no wonder so many lonely men end up committing suicide
I just make art and shitpost on 4chan because its my only two copes left and I dont have to see shitty couples anymore unless someone is trolling the board which does happen and piss me off when people come to r9k to gloat
how they're pointing to the wrong thing.
You have my attention, I want to hear your thoughts please?
can you explain to me what shitposting means? i don't know if it meant posting while you shat aka use the washroom or just post things to upset others?
I was way off I had a iphone11 or 12 'pro' because it was slim and more compact and reminded me of what phones looked like 10 years ago
the latter pretty much but both are sometimes good
shitposting is when you end up like me after many years of internet slowly decaying your mind you only fap to cute girls shitting or other horrible stuff
I have long and incoherent opinions on this but a small taste:
The default opinions certain (modern day) anons will rant about is how it's "outside" forces i.e. da joos that are corrupting our hobbies. They're not wrong in the sense that "the powers that be" have noticed this trend and are actively encouraging it now. 
You're explaining the term shitpost. Why? In this day and age, why?
Can you focus your thoughts more and share so that I can understand them better?
Damn, you're a total normie with that thing. You habe the zoomer haircut and earpods too, bruh?
living with parents
working 10+ hours a day at my trade job
I will save enough to exit this shit society. I will buy a small remote house in a third world country and be a NEET. Fuck all of this.
Ted went to live in the woods and then they built a road through it. The machine will swallow all.
went to live in the woods and then they built a road through it
is this true?
35
graduated college couple years ago
got a real job (ie profession) that pays well
now a homeowner
still never felt the touch of a human female ever
Could be much worse
Do you at least have people living with you or pets?
Have a cat that acts like a it's a dog reincarnated. And I have family that lives within short driving distance that I spend a lot of time with. No friends anymore though. I do however post on r/foreveralonedating and regularly get texts from girls on there, but nothing has ever come of it.
Do you not know who Ted is?
Of course I do. Giga genius kid who's father was too proud of his son and sent him to college at a very young age. Forced to socialize with those who were older and became even more isolated. Later became a professor of mathematics and wrote about the great machine. That automation was going to be our downfall and the only solution was to tear it down and stop progress. He had abandoned society, lived in the forest and wrote letters and bombed places. He was pretty much impossible to identify and the only reason they could was because his brother recognized his writing. Knowing all this, I did not know they built a road through his swamp.
I'm glad to hear that you have family at least. Are you looking for something serious or casual when it comes to women? Any hobbies that you indulge in?
Knowing all this, I did not know they built a road through his swamp.
That's what triggered him.
That's really fucking sad. What are your thoughts on the man and his theory?
Something serious I'd say. Don't have an interest in anything that's just casual or purely physical. And I'm into the usual nerdy things, but my big hobby is probably video games. But I'm actually shifting away from just playing them and more towards making my own, coding is easy (thanks BS in Comp Sci) but learning to do 3D modeling and texturing well isn't easy, but I'm pretty motivated.
Poster boy the effects of isolation and the lack of a support group.
I've never really read his theory beyond the gist of it. But I do agree with his take on the alienating nature of technology. And his take on liberals (note: I don't consider liberals as left).
I'm more than likely very unqualified to offer advice, but would you consider taking courses? You might be on the slighter higher age, but you might be able to meet some women at your local community college or something. More women than ever are going to school and that includes those who are a bit older. I don't know your situation (clearly) but I'm guessing meeting them is one of your biggest issues. If you some in your class, great see how things go. If you don't, I would just go to class and hope for some good luck. If you spot one without a ring, maybe try talking to her and make a some sort of connection. I personally would bond over being an older student and the awkwardness you feel about it at times. Be maybe even a bit vulnerable (not your life story or anything) and mention that even knowing you're there for a purpose, when they talk about things you don't understand (the current things, apps or whatever) it really hits you that you're the old guy and then laugh it off.
I 100p agree with your first sentence. You can't outsmart your needs or emotions.
I've never really read his theory beyond the gist of it.
tbqh the details are pretty good, even if you're a bit retarded as indicated here
(note: I don't consider liberals as left).
, it's probably worth reading the whole thing. I don't actually agree with his overall takeaway from what he's observed, but the observations themselves are very keen and insightful.
what is it you disagree with?
even if you're a bit retarded as indicated here
Could help but take a pointless jab? Nigger.
Eh, maybe. Idly thinking about getting a masters.
Idly
I don't know what this means, sorry. It doesn't have to be anything heavy, just something that may interest you. It goes without saying that you aren't getting any younger so I encourage you to be a bit more proactive.
I don't know what this means, sorry.
You're joking right?
you aren't getting any younger
Honestly not that concerned about my age. Once you get out into the real world you realize how young people in their 30s-40s still are. At 35 I'm by far the youngest person on my dev team at work.
The take that the industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for humanity. Our way of handling the industrial revolution, particularly post-WWI, has been a disaster, but industrialization in and of itself has not. We just handled it the wrong way. I don't share his belief that the only path forward is to reject modern technology altogether, merely that society needed to be structured differently in order to deal with it.
For example, letting urban populations vote in anything beyond the scope of their own municipal governance was a mistake. We should have amplified the free-cities concept the HRE had rather than letting it fade away. Urbanites are made mentally ill due to their conditions, but that doesn't mean we have to get rid of cities, just that cities' inhabitants shouldn't be involved in any form of government beyond their own municipality. Obviously in modern leftist/liberal doctrine this sort of thing just can't be, but that's a problem with the doctrine, not with technology and technology-enabled major cities inherently.
It's worth pointing out. Liberalism is a subset of leftism. Yes, the terms are not synonyms, but liberals do fall squarely inside leftism. The ideology of someone who identifies as "liberal" and someone who identifies as "leftist" but not "liberal" (keeping in mind that most liberals identify as leftist) is different, but the Weltanschauung is the same.
I don't understand what you mean, I'm this anon>>73129154 and not exactly some naive kid despite me still doing childish things. "Older people" are for the most part already matched up and dating becomes harder.
already matched up
Relationships end all the time, including marriages. And romance isn't the most important thing to me anyway. But people at all ages are constantly getting together / breaking up. People rarely stay together forever. Personally not that concerned.
I inherited a flat in a block, renovating proved to be more complicated than previously thought. There's gas pipe i can't get rid of, the water mains, i don't know which wall is the load bearing one. Drilled holes for new power sockets for mere 2 days, 2 hours at a time and neighbours are already aggro.
I won't stop though, this is my only chance to move out. At 33 it's due time.
It's worth pointing out. Liberalism is a subset of leftism.
Why are you pulling things out your arse?
Blackpill is defeatism, a blackpiler will always point out the negative in something when the positive exists. You can acknowledge harsh truths and not let it defeat you and be positive
keeping in mind that most liberals identify as leftist
The can identify as what they want, doesn't mean liberals are left.
Alright, you sound satisfied which is good
No, they are left because they fall into a subset of leftism, but I mention that they also identify (correctly) as being leftist, in order to avoid implying that I agree with your silly belief that liberals aren't leftists.
Okay so you are stupid. And American.
I think it's a matter of perspective and how you approach it. All it's done in my eyes is let me know how to better use my time. Not to waste it playing the lottery
I hate that pic. Just look at his father.
Both me and my brother are fuck ups, but its not really evident. I also have a decent job.
My father has never acted as a role model on my entire life and has never taught me anything, and honestly I don't care at this point, but I do care about him giving shit to my brother.
Last time I just straight up told him. "You have never acted as a father to us and honestly I don't give a fuck anymore, but you have absolutely no right to call him out now".
He didn't say anything and I'm sure deep down he knows I'm right.
I have come to the conclusion that pic related is all I want.
What does he say to your bro? Does he insult him or something?
nooo our corpo bootlicking is totally different from liberal corpo bootlicking because we pretend to dislike the taste of the leather while we enthusiastically lick the boot
You're the only one talking about bootlicking because I guess that's you know what to do. Kike.
No, he does not result to insults but it's the bitterness and those occasional looks of disgust.
My father has all these expectations towards people and is a big fan of criticism aimed at literally everyone and everything but himself.
I can't really blame him, because I know his upbringing was far from ideal, but I just don't like it.
I can't really blame him, because I know his upbringing was far from ideal, but I just don't like it.
The cycle of generational poverty is a hell of a thing.
He sounds like a stubborn individual. You think he would ever apologize or is the man stuck in his ways?
We all wanna see you happy anon and I wish you the very best in life. Good luck and hang in there buddy :)
they were happy, sort of, as long as you don't make the fatal mistake of becoming emotionally invested in them
I want to get emotionally invested in someone though which is why I always feel like shit after I see an escort. Some are nice but some be pushin you out the door as soon as you nut its annoying. Dating apps suck ass too I would probably have better luck asking random people in the mall or something. 
Yeah that's me and I mean I'm doing alright I just need to get the fuck out of my parents house I need my own place already. That's whats driving me nuts but I don't have the money to move out. If you ask me shes still kinda flirty too and I still wanna go out with her. I think the bf thing was a lie imo, Ive heard that shit before and its just something good to say when you're put on the spot I think. Even if its true she got a bf I kinda don't care, I aint tryin to be a home wrecker but she gorgeous sorry guy whoever you are, sometimes I feel I should still try for it. Its frustrating honestly I gotta remind myself she already said no, I don't need a call from HR I like my job. 
The kids are the best part of the job, yesterday a kid comes up to me and just says "I need help anon" I'm thinking oh no wtf happened, he just got this sticky hand toy stuck on the ceiling so I had to get a ladder to get it down, was cool he gave me high five after :). They even clean up their own mess sometimes, kid tells me there is this spill in the gym and he shows me and 3 kids got towels cleaning it up already. Ok then thanks kids.
Was it hard to get a real job?
I'm doing a CS degree now at 29 but part of me feels I'm doomed. Like life has never worked in the way that I could just escape squalor of any kind. I have always been a loser. :(
are they still leaving you notes and candy? anymore heartwarming pics?
my libido is kinda dead atm, maybe im ascending
maybe i need trt
cant even be a hobbyist coomer anymore
Honestly it was pretty easy. There's companies that deliberately hire recent college grads with the intent of contracting them out to other companies that need someone with computer literacy. Just do that for a year or two and you have your 1-2 years of experience needed for something better.
unless you are talking about becoming an elite athlete that peaks early in life yeah maybe you are right, in anything else you are retarded fr fr doesnt even make sense
started to wageslave when i turned 19 in 2014
had up to 5 different jobs ever since
i had to quit that many times because im fighting to get my STEM in EE
ff to 2023 my third world country always had draconian laws for the working class thanks to the neo-con jews who were buttfucking everyone until last elections where they got kicked out of the 3 branches because we were tired of their bs
last week a new labor law passed where they reduced working hours on top of that they gave us the mithycal mandatory 2 days off inestad of 1 per week
sigh what could have been idw i wish i had this when they throwed me into the frying pan
but still im really happy for any fellow robots who will benefit from this
here in the UK they literally told us that we have to accept being poorer
But I am already poor!
Hi, 39YO wizard.
Finally realized that I'm handsome as hell.
It explains everything I've experienced in the past. Not quite sure what woke me up from the delusions though.
But I am already poor!
Now you get to be even poorer!
Missing the 90s internet bros more than ever. Feels like long lost friends who didn't know we were speaking for the last time. I miss when everyone online was some where on the spectrum. Online discourse is far to normal for me to handle anymore. It's not different than trying to talk to people in real life.
It's not all bad I suppose. About 30 years is long ass time to have lived the digital life. Perhaps it's time to touch some grass as the kids say. There's very little online for me anymore.
Can't be assed with this AI renaissance. Damned if I'm going to spend the next decades interacting with glorified probability machines.
i was a little kid when the 90s internet was a thing. im guessing you are in your 40s then?
Not a 90s kid on internet but I do miss the early 2000s internet, before social media. back before people took the internet so serious
Damn 4chan really is dying. It's just on page 7.
I remember one from before spring break saying "Happy Easter, if you celebrate it" but don't think I have a pic of it so have this one. Its slowed down for sure though, maybe pick back up at the end of June. They get excited over the simplest things too, like when I got the ladder out of this room they all went nuts cause it had a bunch of servers and the PA system and they never get to see in there callin it a secret room and peekin in before a teacher told em get outa there
Frens, I finally diagnosed and fixed my TV problem.
Problem:
Everytime I watch something with dark scenes, I couldn't see shit. I could see shit when played on my PC monitor though.
I fucked it up:
When I calibrated my TV, I forget to check for clipping/crushing. I found that it was very sensitive to adjusting the colors and if you push it too far, it crushes/clips really bad.
I fixed it:
Took me a couple hours, but I finally recalibrated it and now everything is 95% perfect. Still have a bit more to touch up, but it's basically done.
Only thing that keeps me from clocking out are the little day to day pleasures
Tell us more about your little day to day pleasures
Disgusting isn't it? This is all 100% their fault, yet we are the ones suffering because of it while they literally laugh all the way to the bank!
True, but the only reason I dress well, smile and communicate with people is to earn money. I do not like people that's why I am alone.
Anon told me hookers do not count so here, wiz brother. t. 32yo.
California is essentially an entire country its huge. it's vastly different depending on where you are. The Bay Area I an 8 hour drive from LA
Hookers absolutely count, best you can do now is warlock... sorry anon
ultra liberals down south
fags in the middle
pajeets up north
It's a shithole and I hope it falls into the ocean. It needs to be quarantined because everyone is tired of them leaving and continue to vote for the same policies that fucked the state up to begin with.
38
went back to school
trying to get into an apprenticeship
"This apprenticeship is only available for people 16-24yo."
government website with general guidelines and info
apprenticeships are available to everyone of all ages in case you plan to do a career change
I wish we could sue companies for this garbage.
I am hanging from a thread, the next couple of months will determine if I make it or rot for the next 30 years..
Ukfag? I remember them saying apprenticeships were finally open to over 25s but people want young 'uns to mold into their shape.
Bumping this thread above the garbage posts.
33 here
my life turned around at about 27
i know i'm not welcome here anymore, so i mostly just lurk these threads
i'm fucking weird. but around the time i hit 30 or so i found my SMV increase to levels i wouldn't have thought possible
disclaimer: apparently i am attractive
i used to fit in, somewhat, on the old board but now i don't fit here anymore
i pass as a normal person at work and to others around me
but i never feel like i'm being authentic 
some advice to real robots
sex and love does not change a fucking thing
we're all damned in the end
end of blog post.
Microsoft's A.I is taking over the one thing I was good at in school so gonna be in menial labour forever lol. God I just want a MILF to body snatch me for a year while she power levels my life and seduces her own daughter.
sex and love does not change a fucking thing
Only if you are young will it change your life, it was never meant to be something you found late in life. It's comparable to never watching kid shows like Sesame Street when you were a toddler and then getting expose to them in your 20s. You might get why they are fun for kids and like aspects of it, but there is noway to be that two year old that thinks Elmo is as real as you and learning all those numbers and shapes. 
Sex and love hold a similar prospect. If a girl loves you in your teen years it's very likely genuine as you are both to young to have much of anything else, when you have sex as a teen it's your prime hormonal bodies rubbing together in a way that loses it's euphoria as you grow older. It's why everyone who had sex young claims it changed their life and why everyone that had it much older claims it's overrated. The boomers fuck over generations of kids with this lie that you can take it slow and have all the time you need to make things happen. You don't. You have a 25(ish) year window to get shit together or you are just losing out on things.
sex and love does not change a fucking thing
Yeah no that's bullshit and you know it, no offense. Maybe it wasn't enough for you, but they definitely change a thing or two in your life.
i lost my virginity at 18. lost it to a girl that i had been with since i was 14 and she was 13
we were both virgins 
it doesn't matter
again, sex and love doesn't change who you really are as a man
i've always been fucking weird
you fuck enough women, fall in love with a few of them, nothing changes about you
we're all still fucked in the head
there's no 'window' where one can achieve what you're expressing
some people are just not right, that's why i've always found some type of solace on this board
say what you want about me being a non-virgin
that doesn't matter
i'm still not okay and regularly contemplate suicide
it's changed nothing
i still have journals from middle school where i'm describing a deep sadness
only years later upon re-reading did i realize my own depression started when i was young
sex and love didn't fix it
pills haven't fixed it
it's just a condition of existence for some people
life's a bitch man, no matter what
How/where do you get fent? Asking for a friend in Minecraft, btw. Haha.
this post hits truth, people fixate on sex so much but once they get it and realize no one still likes them and life bites them in the ass, they'll learn.
You both had, or are having sex. You literally cannot understand what it's like to not have it.
You just don't get it, maybe you're mentally immature or something. Once you have sex, you'll understand it's not a big deal. I think your main problem is that you're depressed that you're missing out and that no one really likes you. You can change that if you just chill out, take better care of yourself and go to therapy for your issues. Stop trying to be an angsty teen thinking that no one understands you, i've been there.
That's hilarious. You're genuinely hitting me with the "improve yourself" without even knowing my stand. I've never said I was depressed, nor that I regret missing out. You're reading too much bait threads. And you calling others immature when you absolutely refuse to accept the fact that having access to something obviously devalues it in your eye is baffling, or pure hypocrisy on your part.
Sorry if you can't accept it but it's a simple fact, simple logic. You had sex very early, with an underage girl to boot, so that already makes you puts you in a different state. And if anything, the "angsy" teen here was you because you said you still had "journals describing your sadness" or other bullshit. That's the kind of shit you do when you have no real problems in your life. I could try to ask about your growing environment to make a point, but I can already guess.
There's a reason why the sex industry is extremely lucrative or why modern girls can make a living by simply existing on social media. It's something that you cannot understand with your past, simple as that.
I'm just trying to understand why are you're so obessesed with it? Is it the act of sex you want? Then escort, or you just want love? Then fucking talk to women or improve yourself. What else do you want, how do you think whining on a jap imageboard is gonna fix your problems? This site has rotted your brain to the core man.
it's the same kind of stuff. 
working at amazon isn't a great job for a person in a wheelchair, i can't get the wrong stuff if i throw in the bins.
Nobody's obsessed with it. You made a stupid statement, I just pointed it out. If it makes you that angry now maybe you need to ask yourself why.
Sorry but that's just how it is. You can't make a broad statement that sex is overrated when you literally have access to it. If you can't understand it then you're just completely deluded or a hypocrite.
sex and love does not change a fucking thing
It's amazing the lengths that normalfags will go to label themselves as underdogs. The sort of people that will claim affinity with outcast characters in film, literature and history but would not piss on an actual outcast if they were on fire.
He's a normalfag seeking attention, don't give it to him.
No wonder you people are fucking virgins, so uptight and insane. Instead of telling me why you think like this, you rather shit on me for my statement, fucking fags I swear. Have fun being such fucking losers lmao.
He's a normalfag seeking attention
Yeah his last post makes it clear, my bad.
Growing up is realizing these retards are mentally fucked, goddamn robots are far beyond hope. I thought you faggots were cool.
At least the thread is bumped.
Why are you even here, wankstain?
I was trying to help you faggots but it's hopeless, you fuckers won't listen and put any effort. It's impossible, I don't think anyone can help you guys.
y'all been arguing for hours with some dude that you thought was me 
i've been drinking and been playin vidya 
obviously not monitoring thread
i get the argument though, i really don't have the perspective of a fair amount of you
sex is available to me
all i was trying to say that sex and love don't fix a man. availability non withstanding
and, the ego boost of knowing that a couple of women would like to fuck you gets old quickly
but, what do i know? i'm not like you
Growing up
Growing up is learning how to think outside of the box or analyzing an argument without relying to pointless insults like you immediately did. Insults which amounts to, amusingly, "you're all losers lmao".
You could have just accepted the fact that being wrong doesn't invalidate your experience, but no you had to literally type "I am right". That's far from being mature. I can only assume that you're just a kid larping, for your own good. That's the last reply I'm giving to you.
trying to (((help))) by degrading people
Piss off, stupid cunt.
FAGGOT FAGGOT FAGGOT BAHHA
Grow the fuck up, you dumbass.
You ever been to incel forums? Someone pointed this out earlier but I've noticed there's a bunch of normalfags hiding out there. There some posters and posts that barely make sense in the context of a social misfit but make so much more sense when viewed as normalfags wearing an incel mask to vent their sociopathic thoughts when things don't go their way.
Why are you still giving him attention?
You ever been to incel forums?
I used to but that was 10 years ago, so the mentality has changed a bit. But even back then I basically got fed up because while I was mostly looking for solutions to cope and just enjoy life, people were more interested in ranting hating on everything and calling everyone else shit. It just got old real quick. And yes with the occasional normalfags taking the high moral ground whenever they could.
I'm bored anyways, enjoy the collapse, white men aren't needed anymore. It's time for the other races to take your women and leave you guys pussyless and dying alone :)
Just felt like it.
Any other dying wizards here? I always thought being a khhv wouldn't be so bad as long as I have my comfy hobbies but my entire body is in pain. I've been seeing doctors lately but they haven't cracked what it is yet. The frustrating part is I have lots of issues requiring different specialists so they're like that old analogy of blind men grasping at different parts of an elephant. In any case, I don't think they'll be able to do anything about it. I just have this feeling that my end is near.
on permanent disability and single
old friends all have families and jobs, too busy to hang out or even play games online
brother moved away with his wife, same deal there
I miss having them around. The Advance Wars remakes just aren't the same alone. 
Sure feels like it some days. My heart's been missing a lot of beats lately. Some days aren't so bad, like it's only a few today, and the first beat after a missed one is stronger than normal. But some days I'll miss a bunch and the first one after each miss will hurt.
How long have you had arrhythmia? 
I've never had my heart beat looked at yet. I've been having circulation problems that have been waved off by my GP (that fucker) but it's at the point where my fingers hurt from doing anything so maybe once I see the cardiologist they'll look into it. Wouldn't be surprised at this point.
How long have you had arrhythmia?
Little under 20 years. Started in high school. Heart problems are why I'm on disability, they've gotten worse the last 5 years. Was kind of fun at first getting to do what I want all the time but life just feels kind of meaningless now.
Wish I could end the day and not hate being alive. 
I have stuff I do to distract myself but it's only temporary relieve from the emptiness of living. I go to the gym, I write music, I do all sorts of stuff but I'm honestly just so lonely and my current job takes up all of my prime hours. I couldn't meet anyone even if I didn't hate myself so much that I con myself out of trying. Trying to date over 30 also makes me want to rope. The women on this side of the fence are just as retarded as they were in my 20s, but at least 50% lower quality and I absolutely do not want to be the settle plan for some hamplanet, especially since I have and continue to put so much work into my physical shape over the last couple years.
Little under 20 years
Damn, it was really over before it started
My shit's only been blowing up in the last 3 years. I feel like a zombie.
life just feels kind of meaningless now.
I feel this, but from another angle. I was always just grinding for a good career to make enough money to live comfy after hours and retire as soon as possible. Won't be able to enjoy the fruits of my efforts. I literally could have just NEETed and been in more or less the same situation. Just lonely and in pain.
You got any family other than your brother? My mom's still around. My grandma and granpa too but they're starting to lose it. Getting to the point were I dread visiting them rather than looking forward to it.
I've got family, I just never really felt at ease around most of them, I dunno. Sometimes I just go to my parents' and day drink/toke on the front lawn with my dad. It pisses off the guy who lives across the street.
It pisses off the guy who lives across the street
I never understood these kinds of neighbors. Like just the sight of you makes them mad. Why can't they mind their ow2ddn business?
There's been a demographic shift here the last few years. The people who already lived here were largely blue collar. Lots of plumbers, electricians, etc in the nicer neighbourhoods. The guy across the street and his family moved from a big city because it was cheaper here (it isn't anymore because of people like them). So they're kind of up their own ass and think they're better than everyone else. They've become unpopular around here for calling the town on people over stuff like their lawns being a bit too long etc. The way my dad puts it, they're offended that they have to live on the same street as us commoners.
I'm not old enough for this thread but since there's no 25+ thread, suppose I finally left NEETdom and have my first ever job now, should I sign up for 401k from job if I'm not sure how long I'll be here?
Ignore the retards, they have a victim complex where if anyone has anything over on them they have to lash out as it's a part of their proto communist in group out group brainwashing. If they had any idea how faggy they were being they would never speak again.
401k and pensions will probably disappear in our lifetime (if we live that long) given the way things are going. Not sure about a better thing to use your money for, investment carries a risk in the post-boomer world.
I just turned 30 and shit has been going down quick lately. I walked out of my job the other day because no one was helping me. My "friend" had basically used me to get to his position within the company. The chick i was trying to get with led me on. I also got a letter saying my rent is going to increase. Ive been binge drinking the past week thinking about what to do. Im in a very dark state of mind. Ive thought about suicide before, but now, im thinking about saying fuck it. Im so fucking tired. Life and people just keeps shitting on me and im just done. If i dont get a new job by tge end of next week, i actually might do it. This is fucking bullshit. Why does life have to be like this for us? Is it fate? I dont know anymore.
drinking is retarded so dont do that. its also fine to have shit days.
Haven't worked in almost a year
I worked a bunch right out of high school for years and then I told myself I would go to college about 5-6 years ago and then I realized that I would just fall in love with some girl and constantly want to be dead because of the fact that something about me repulses women. Even the times that I've had my life relatively together, there has always been something or other that has been an occluding, hell, even a precluding factor to me actually being with a woman in a way that doesn't make me feel like worthless trash.
I should be going to the Army and studying for the ASVAB but instead I'm fucking eating myself into literal diabetes or high blood pressure. I'm going to fucking ruin my whole life. I fucking hate this shit.
I'm so fucking angry.
I'm so fucking angry all the time and when I'm not angry I'm numbing myself with food and video games. When I'm not numb I feel despair.
I want to fucking unmake the world
you're the fat loser in this comic in real life
Got rejected for my autismbux this month, they make you redo the application every couple of years here
Its not much but it gives me a little bit of breathing room and lets me make a little progress in life and expand my horizons some
Without it it feels like all my productivity and working is just enough to stay standing still, just enough to be treading water but making 0 progress in any direction
Meanwhile my online friends gradually improve their lives and my irl family are married, with homes and careers and kids on the way before Christmas 
Havent felt this low in a long time desu
Where are my true losers and wizards at? There are way too many normies and failed normalfags here.
I wish that fucking bitch hadn't have keyed on on how easy it was to prey on me
She was smelly, she was low-class, and she was a lying whore
why are you self sabotaging and deliberately posting pics of yourself here; are you some fuckin masochist or something?
i love my parents, and given the information they had at the time, i dont think i would of done anything else.'
just stop talking to me
Why does life have to be like this for us?
Take solace in knowing your coworkers will face the same fate in 10-20 years or so
co-workers?
lol, is he the first sign of gentrification in your area?
how do i sleep
Yeah, I took it (the vaccine) and I'm dying (that means it worked!). Ok dying is an exaggeration but I keep getting worse slowly. Main issues: digestive problems (even with a clean diet), chronic fatigue (exercise over certain threshold worsens things) and whole body pain, minor neuro issues, general constant malaise basically. My veins are so much darker and greener than they were before, I sleep 3-5 hours on average, and I can't walk more than 5kms or so and it takes me days to recover. Seeing lot of people feeling mysteriously ill and fatigued lately, if the doom blogs I read are correct, it will slowly get worse for all of us. Being "unhealthy" is a factor, but due to the way the chinkflu works, it's more like playing russian ruoulette with each infection or jab. Odd thing is, like most people I am healthy on tests, so docs call you mentally ill. Thankfully pressure is growing on them as more and more people show up to their offices with these "unexplainable" complaints. Like most people I "improve" with time, but it just takes one bad to "crash" and delete all progress. Hope you try doing your homeworks as well anon, if I've learned something from this it's three things
doctors are glorified search engines and pill pushers
doctors only treat symptoms at best if they even bother taking you seriously
it's all about diet and exercise, antioxidants are your friend and pufas your enemies
So yeah, we're on our own.
Can't believe I'm typing this and I'm only fucking 31. I caught the chinkflu in 2021, recovered completely. Fuck my family for pressuring me into taking it.
be nice, he atleast warned us 4 words into the word salad
sex havers lecturing wizards on something they never experienced
great problem solving, now fuck off failed normgroids
he's not wrong. having sex doesn't change the past
unless you've been in a wizard's shoe then you would understand, but you don't because you're in a place where you don't belong. begone.
warlock
Anyone has the power ranking comparison picture?
super mage > wizard > warlock > failed normo > regular normgroid
Its the case of fat man saying to the one dying from hunger that food is overrated.
get your heads out of your asses and talk to girls, it really is that simple. you're alone because you're a neurotic mess
talk to girls, it really is that simple
thanks Chad, just be myself, right? this time it will definitely work.
aches and pains
very bad and ruminating 
something's left to give?
not really i'm a genetic travesty
favorite soup?
i don't know if i have a favorite tis under investigation
accepted death/pensioner
yes and idk what that is
bee urself
lol
This 100p to me is the highlights of the job. They really do seem like great kids and I hope they come from good families. What happens when school is over around the summer and they are gone?
Any of you have friends or relatives who faded into total isolation? What are they like, mentally speaking? It seems you either make it, kill yourself or reach terminal depression/isolation. You don't see the latter kind around because social media inherently favors those with strong bonds and wide friend groups.
Any of you have friends or relatives who faded into total isolation
No because I have faded into isolation. My brother and former friends are turbonormies.
i am now monitoring this thread to learn how to fade into isolation and disappear never seen again heard again
I write music
can you share some of your music with us?
turbonormies
If they hadn't made it, they'd be in your shoes right now. It happens more often than it seems, but even you are still here, posting and getting your social fix. When life and failed relationships break a man to the point he becomes a misanthrope, and begins shunning all human contact including online, what happens? That's what I want to know.
disappear never seen again heard again
What would you do if this place disappeared tomorrow?
drinking is retarded
I disagree. Drinking has it's uses like everything for specific circumstances and after something bad happening can be used to help. The only time it becomes a problem (like everything else) is when it becomes an addiction.
Yeah, I took it (the vaccine) 
 I keep getting worse slowly
digestive problems
chronic fatigue
whole body pain
I sleep 3-5 hours on average
 I am healthy on tests, so docs call you mentally ill.
I "improve" with time, but it just takes one bad to "crash" and delete all progress
This is literally me. It's scary how close it is. The funny thing is it didn't affect everyone like this. Which jab did you get in particular. I didn't feel so bad after J&amp;J but the booster I had to get to keep my job (which I don't hate - I used to think I was lucky) was from Moderna and things just started getting worse from there.
The only time it becomes a problem (like everything else) is when it becomes an addiction.
Most of us are addicted to porn (no gf) and imageboards (thats why we are still here). Addictive substances is the last thing we need.
I think this might be what your looking for.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Fes15AzSsVk&amp;pp=ygUWaGlraWtvbW9yaSBkb2N1bWVudGFyeQ%3D%3D&amp;bpctr=1682859540 [Embed]
What would you do if this place disappeared tomorrow?
find a new place to hole up on the internet, and spiral down faster than ever
This is a question I have never had but would also like an answer to. The following video doesn't answer it, but I guess it's an example of what could happen: https://youtu.be/uFcbAllQmxc [Embed]
wow that's going to be me
Doesn't have to be though. But it is a heartbreaking documentary.
at this rate it's a certainty. enjoy your life anon, life will go on whether or not i make it.
Man, i dont see why things are like this for guys like us. Maybe well get our answers when we die. I mean, theres got to be something good waiting for us in the end, right?
theres got to be something good waiting for us in the end, right?
Who knows. Religion says that.
reality has given me coldness, so i expect coldness. to think something good at the end of the tunnel is to hope, and hope is the first thing you lose in life.
Are hikki people just lazy, mentally ill or something else?
Its mental illness, like homeless people
But even mentally ill people can be normies.
Ever since my mom died a year ago, I'm rapidly losing motivation to turn my life around. I didn't realize it but something that helped me was the idea I could make her proud one day and help her out when I'm successful.
What's the point now? My family is so splintered and basically non existent. I'm never going to have a wife and start my own. It's just me. The amount of obstacles and problems I have in my life is overwhelming to say the least. It's just difficult to find the drive when I'm fighting for no one but myself.
with friends who are pretty successful
Why do we all have successful friends?
you'd think the anons here would find other people like them not normalfags
My family is so splintered and basically non existent.
How so? Also, that girl is your ideal physically?
you'd think the anons here would find other people like them not normalfags
Why though if they are already good friends? I think it would be hard to make new ones and the old ones already have a track record of being good to us and reliable.
Sorry for your loss anon. I sometimes what it's even all for constantly.
that depends on what you define a normie as.
Socially adjusted people who can integrate into society. A depressed person who can have a relationship, friends and work, just a depressed normie.
So, the only thing that separates a lot of people in this thread from normie status is a romantic relationship?
28 yo femanon. Also considering suicide. I am tired
Do you know what manga series this is?
that might do it
my cat smells like a baby
does the cat play fetch also?
me too it just doesn't feel worth it to bother trying anymore
I'm sorry to hear about your struggles, brother. I know it can hurt seeing your online friends live lives you wish you had, but I don't think it's good for you to cut contact with them in the long run.
How are you able to afford your lifestyle?
tfw God literally warned me in a vision to not take it in 2019
Boy was that scary to slowly see the prophecy come true down to every detail, I didn't want to believe it at times. Not many people experience these feels. God is real
32 khv here
i haven't worked in 5 years. I went back to uni at 29 for compsci but it's not going well. I understand the material but i'm too lazy and undisciplined after being a slob my whole life, i cannot manage my time and do assignments and study on time for exams. I struggle a lot and hate myself for this but goddamn is stronger than me, keep fucking failing at it. I also lost all my savings (10 measly k) in the bear market and if it wasn't for my mom busting her ass i would be homeless. Would like to help her but don't know why, getting a full time job means dropping out of uni and i don't wanna do it, like i don't wanna go back working in retail, that's a hell hole.
I'm also khv but it doesn't bother me. I never even talked to or had females in my friend circle. I'm not gay cause i fap to straight porn but i never had any desire for intimacy and companionship and never approached. Funny cause i'm good looking and would have probably succeeded. There is something deeply wrong with me, probably i'm unironically a schizoid. People look at my lifestyle like i'm a fucking alien
I am 36. My fiancee is 16 weeks pregnant with our son. We are both so excited but nervous about every little thing. Will he be healthy? Will he be happy? Will he be too shy? Will the Internet/school/society fuck him over? Etc. 
There is a pretty insane and abrupt realignment of priorities once kids enter the picture. 6 months ago I was obsessed with my job and constantly wondering if I was actually ready to settle down and give up my old slutty hookup and dating days. Now the job is just a means to an end and I am 100 percent all in on family stuff. Basically all I want to talk about with anyone who will listen is kids stuff lol.
God it feels good hating jews and knowing to always do the opposite if what jews say.
I got fired for refusing it and just got drunk and smoked pot every day for 4 months on the stimmie cheques till my work begged me to come back jab-free kek.
God hates jews too, and he likes the people who hate the jews. We're gonna make it(into heaven)
Congrats on your kid anon. I think the main thing you should be concerned about is that your kid should not end up here.
things are actually pretty bad honestly. my anxiety and depression have been acting up since december, pushing my bp up to the point a blood vessel broke in my eye while trying to work out. I haven't been back to the gym in two weeks. the meds the doctor gave me made me black out at a stop light and rear end a car, the other meds made me asthmatic and the best part is I have to wean off of them slowly. then my dad's car that I insure got rear ended. on top of that I'm afraid when I finally see the psychiatrist in june and I finally start getting my head fixed I'm going to be gay, always thought I was bi but my thick thighed bbw gf has been kind of distant lately starting around easter when she took a trip with her friend and friend's fiancee to disny in orlando leaving me to deal with my youngest brother's cancer diagnosis by myself, and the homoerotic thoughts have been coming in hot and heavy. I had sleep paralysis where the sleep paralysis demon hotdogged my ass - the worst part is that I was mad it didn't even give me the tip. there's a part of me that longs for m/m body contact and underwear bulges. then I had an uncle die. I'm also worried that I might have to start starving myself to lose weight to compensate for deciding to get off the blood pressure meds. my job is burning me out, we've had almost a year now on straight 10's Im so tired and don't sleep well.
Thank you :) 
I used to think that too but I was also here for most of my rough 20s and I turned out okay and I am not sure I would really change my path at all.
Agreed, he shouldn't be here either to begin with.
You want to talk more about how you're feeling?
I'm considering selling my things and becoming a vagrant motorcycle hippie but I'm hesitant after realizing that I'm just over the line into agoraphobic. I have a promise to myself that if suicide ever becomes a serious consideration I'd just leave. But, you can't blow a hell's angels mechanic for fixing your bike if you're afraid to check out at the grocery store, if that makes sense. The whole disny vacation weekend solidified my decision to break up with the gf soon; she has a wedding she wants to attend and I'll go, I can't blame her for being distant -I feel like I'm dragging her down with everything that's happening- but those 4 days would have been a lot better with a friend. I want to say I'm hanging on but most of what I mentioned in my last post, blood vessel, cancer brother / disny vacay, gay sleep paralysis demon, dead uncle and mourning mother, two accidents, asthma attack/s, and absence from the gym have all happened over the last month-ish. I worked 4 hours on friday after going in straight from the hospital on 3 hours of sleep with my brand new inhaler. I think I left early last week too from a neck strain from stress. I intended to take another vacation day on monday but completely forgot to schedule it.
I intended to take another vacation day on mon
Can you not call in sick and I was wondering if you wanted to chat more about what was bothering you on omegle text?
401k and pensions will probably disappear in our lifetime (if we live that long) given the way things are going
I thought about this to so I don't know what to do. But like I said I've only been a wagie for the first time for a short while. 
Speaking of how much do you guys save per paycheck into regular savings?
What do ex-NEETs here to in terms of trying to be smart with money in general? 
Assume you don't have to pay rent so even if you're making barely anything you can still save a tiny bit
It sucks to be in pain, but I cope by knowing the kiked world is going to get a hell of a lot worse. After I'm dead, the pain stops and I'm free. Those who yet live will have to bear horrors beyond their comprehension.
Not only that but its a main factor.
Theres usually nothing going on so we all team up and clean all the furniture and take everything out the room and strip and re-wax all the floors, so you have like 2.5 months to clean the whole school and make it look nice and shinny for kids to fuck up again. This summer though we're having like summer camp and summer school so they're gonna be in a bunch of classrooms all summer and its going to be like classes never got out. Then they give us like 2 weeks at the end of August to do a summer cleaning, which is bullshit, so they pull people from other schools and everyone gets a bunch of overtime. Kinda annoying since we had summer camp here last year, they should rotate it around but its been here the past few years.
I'm a tradesman and don't really want to accumulate more naughty wagie points by calling off. I'd chat but I've got a busy day ahead of me
Alright man, all I've got are platitudes so I'm sorry. Try to have a good one and take care.
a bigger concern is that he is still posting here
Thank you anon
I wont cut contacts its just painful to be productive and do everything I should be doing and still its like Im just treading water in the same spot while everyone else surges ahead into their real lives 
I barely even feel real
Nobody ever leaves
Nah, he's just the one I'm most aware of. We've got a lot of businesses popping up that are very obviously run by city people because it'll be fucking artisanal chocolate or $20 cupcakes or what have you. Out in the middle of bumfuck nowhere.
whats the point of contributing any positive to society if Im a wizard khhv?
The manga is homunculus
Thank you for answering my question anon.
till my work begged me to come back jab-free kek.
You went back then? Are your coworkers sick all the time too?
I dont know. Its not society has any interest in us to even give a chance.
become terribly depressed and semi-autistic in teens
live in EE so mental problems dont exist
get into uni
have to finish it
complete fail and burn out 
move back to parents place 
isolate myself for 6 years
have a few short term odd jobs which are shameful to even write on resume
finally make a little steps to even feel not so overwhelmed and defeated
cant even land a bit more brain requiring job because Im supposed to be a quite far up in a career and have a good network + skills 
Its like, I dont know. I feel like Im supposed to perform an olympic 100m dash when I was in coma yesterday.
Nothing to leave if you dont enter in the first place. He shouldnt have put a kid into the world to begin with.
"Nooo! I'll die a virgin" Anon cried inconsolably into the reasonably bodacious bosom of his imaginary lover for the night
"There there," said the onee-san archetype anime girl and patted Anon's head, and instantly he felt himself settle into sinus bradycardia as he let himself envelop by the bliss of intimacy. From 58 to 38 bpm. This exacerbates hypoxic organ injury by further diminishing the circulatory insufficiency of Anon's univentrucular circulation, but he felt at peace
TL;DR: take the 2D pill and feel your loneliness, sexual frustrations and death anxiety wash away
Dying is laying it on thick, but I live with a palliative heart surgery that enables survival "into adulthood"
My odds of seeing 2025 are 60%
Have you considered not seeking treatment? I wear my predicament like a comfy pajamas. While I am cut off from the opportunity of living a full life, I am also cut of from the demands and expectations that come with a full life. In a strange way I feel free
What kind of CHD do you have? I think it might be the same as mine. We are a dying breed! Parents opt for termination of pregnancy now
I'm oddly ambivalent about arrhythmias. Sudden cardiac death is preferable to succumbing to organ failure
I've found a handful of patients in their 30s on Google. I have this perverse thing I do where I check their social media profiles every once in awhile for signs of life
What's curious is that many of these people's lives are objectively in shambles. Alone. On disability. No future prospects beyond clinging on to life a little longer. Yet they are jolly normies with a hopeful Live Love Laugh outlook
becoming a vagrant motorcycle hippie
Get the bike, even if you can't commit fully to the fantasy of life on the road. 
I recently splurged and bought a meticulously restored example of a vintage moped for which my 10 year old self would have seriously considered giving up a kidney. The comfy evening cruises are almost meditative
 I feel like Im supposed to perform an olympic 100m dash when I was in coma yesterday.
You are well spoken anon that's a very good way to put it. that's how I feel too. everyone is far ahead of me but Im supposed to catch up somehow, dont think itll ever happen
28 yo femanon. Also considering suicide. I am tired.
me too it just doesn't feel worth it to bother trying anymore
Got a story or anything? Where you are in life and how you got to this point? I genuinely wonder what being an outcast means for a Gen Z person when normalfags have invaded every subculture and made themselves God Kings of said subcultures. 
take the 2D pill
I don't know why any anon would want to take the 2D ironically or unironically...in this particular era we live in.
The catching out is out of the question because they're constantly gaining a distance and even at greater speed, like a snowball effect. And if thats not enough, they secretly resent you, for not being in a rat race like you're some sort of special person. Hence, they dont ever give a chance to you. 
captcha - N0G0Y
It was the inactivated chink one for me, thought I'd be fine, and I was after the first 2 months. Big mistake.
The funny thing is it didn't affect everyone like this.
There's a plethora of factors that can go wrong and cascade into chronic autoimmune, immunoinsufficient, or autoinflammatory conditions. If you read the literature, you'll see the major issue is due to "molecular mimicry", that is, the virus contains proteins that mimic endogenous proteins, that's why it's like playing russian roulette. One of the most important ones is hepcidin, which regulates iron metabolism. My glucose and BP are "excellent", but I have iron overload which my doctor dismissed. A lot of people on reddit have either iron deficiency or overload, it fucks you up even if you're "healthy". We may or not recover, Anon. After this I'm never listening mainstream medicine again.
I don't know why any anon would want to take the 2D ironically or unironically...in this particular era we live in.
Care to explain what you mean by that? Not that other anon, but anime kind of sickens me now. It's peak vagina worship, I don't give a fuck what dimension it is in. Tranime turns lonely men into trannies. I have no issues with "manime" though, that is older non moeshit garbage. Old man Miyazaki was so right.
What are you talking about? How does it turn one into a tranny and where do you get this worship angle from?
Give me a bit of time, I need to run some errands.
Ok, I hope the thread is still up by the time you get back
Ugh, there's an extremely compelling blogpost about it but it's behind a paywall now
https://quillette.com/2021/05/11/when-sons-become-daughters-part-v-the-links-between-trans-identity-gifted-minds-categorical-thinking-and-anime/
Boyos I'm starting to think that city life might be for me.
24 hour gym/spas all over the place
high society shows (symphony, plays)
yoga classes, painting classes, church groups, running clubs
all within walking distance of the rail system so I never have to drive
I was terrified of the idea at first because I don't drink, then I started looking for things that don't involve alcohol and there so much, like I wish I decided to explore this option earlier.
What kind of CHD do you have?
ASD.
I think it might be the same as mine. We are a dying breed! Parents opt for termination of pregnancy now
Hard to blame them, honestly. I like to think mine would have kept me but probably not.
I'm oddly ambivalent about arrhythmias. Sudden cardiac death is preferable to succumbing to organ failure
I'm at the point in life where I don't really care if it kills me. There are nights where I feel just wrong enough to think maybe I'm finally dying. No such luck so far.
What's curious is that many of these people's lives are objectively in shambles. Alone. On disability. No future prospects beyond clinging on to life a little longer. Yet they are jolly normies with a hopeful Live Love Laugh outlook
Can't speak for them, I just put the face on for people. I'm miserable alone but I've always been the happy jokey type on the surface, Gotta keep that up for the few people who worry about me.
Im going to nail Jesus Christ to the cross again if I get my hands on him in the afterlife. faggot fucking nigger lover
32
khv
starting to visibly get gray hair
Its so fucking over
I'm 32 and have been coloring my hair monthly since 27. Don't get conned into buying an overpriced underpowered "men's" product, just get the same loreal that women get.
Same here bro, 32 and I got a nice section of gray hairs that falls to the side of my face. I got gray hair before I got my first gf :) life is interesting. At least I'm not going bald I'll take gray over that any day but it still sucks.
Anyone else not a khhv just a loser that lives at home with parents? I spend all my time doomscrolling
That's funny, I figured men's products would be stronger like our razors.
Get the bike, even if you can't commit fully to the fantasy of life on the road.
I'm waffling between bikes that make sense from a performance point of view and things that fit what budget I have. I'll have to sell my starter bike first but that'll be hard considering I just put new tires and a wind screen on it.
almost meditative
drop the almost. my beginner bike was totally the wrong kind of ride but I still dont regret for being great at teaching. I'm still bad at rev matching
going gray is a lot better than going bald so dont worry about it too much
I feel ashamed having taken the gamble on it. It was rolled out with less than a year of tests. No drug would ever get out that fast under other circumstances. Hell, under the "usual" regulations Tylenol wouldn't get through, we just use it since we know from experience that the other enzyme it affects doesn't do any harm. But this new type of treatment was all hastily approved and had a global shaming campaign against anyone who'd publicly say it's unsafe. But I saw that lots of people I knew got it and in the end it was get it or derail my career, the only thing I'd been able to build up. Call me a chump and cheer on my vaxxie death. I know I deserve it. I was always a loser and the kikes let me know it.
Wont be long now and we'll be seeing 40+ threads. I know I wont relate to you 30+ers when I hit that milestone soon.
I'm back. What I mean is, that a lot of the coping mechanisms like waifus, chatbots, body pillows and other things now "appeal" to normalfags who in earlier years (arguably correctly) mocked them, and they will claim ownership to them. So you don't even get your own sad corner of the universe, but they want that too.
You might be able to reverse early stage greying.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JI1CXHqkdCU [Embed]
31 here. To be honest, I am quite glad to be a wagecuck. Nothing makes me feel more depressed than sitting playing video games or staring at 4chan all day. I have come to dread the weekends simply because that's my life.
It's weird because when I am wagecucking the Monday to Friday 9-5, I cant wait for the weekend to come so I can have a nice sleep. But when the weekend comes I can't wait to go back to work.
What a sad life.
Finally started going to the gym regularly (just reached a month of going 3 times a week) and it's awesome seeing my body improve. Can actually see the weight dropping off me and feel a bit more self confident. Have been in contact with a good friend again recently as well which has been really good for my mental health. I think I've got a crush on her though and it fucking sucks because I don't want ruin what we have and she's in a pretty vulnerable state due to a break up so it'd be really shitty of me to try and make any sort of move in that regards. Wish I wasn't such an insecure weirdo about this sort of shit so I can just act normal around her instead of feeling like I need to act a certain way. Anyway I think things are good overall and turning 30 seems to have been my turn around point when it comes to life in general.
Are you me? All I want during the week is to be able to chill out at home but when the weekend roles around I become incredibly bored with the hobbies I've been doing for years. Wish I wasn't such a shut in so I could go out like a normie and just have fun with other people because this shit is getting stale.
also my life at 30 as an office worker that watched the entire world shut down without me and go remote, and I am bitter as fuck because I can never afford a house
So that's why you meant, makes a bit more sense to me now. I couldn't understand because even though I'm a foreveraloner it's never entertained me the idea of waifus. I mean, I got the whole best girl shit but it's clearly not real. It was strange to me when I was young and just as strange now collecting these figures.
I am you bro. This life sucks. I'm kinda autistic and a loner so I've always been alone ever since I finished high school. Although I do enjoy solitude and being on my own, shit gets to you and you feel down. I do wish I had someone there to just call up and say 
"Hey man wanna go for a drink or something?"
But apparently that's rare for adult life. Most people 30+ seem to plan things. Like you have to ask them 2 weeks in advance so they can plan their own work/family life around it. 
It's easier for me to play stuff. I don't have a life or friends outside of work. 
 I could go out like a normie and just have fun with other people because this shit is getting stale.
Same. Just wish I knew some normies that weren't solely interested in sports or politics. I'd love a group of semi normies who are on the level. Into video games, anime, cars, motorcycles, camping, hiking etc. We could just shoot the shit. Most normies I've met are kinda... low IQ. Without trying to sound like I'm special or something. I'm not. But a lot of normies are massive NPCs. I wonder if they ever think outside the box and outside of their little bubbles.
Sorry to hear bro. I'm saving hard and I think at the end of this year I will have enough for a deposit. It's taken me years of saving because my parents are poor and couldn't help me.
This chart is interesting too. Show that friends become basically less important after 30 and it's your coworkers and significant other who are more important.
I wonder if they ever think outside the box and outside of their little bubbles.
Can't the same be said about you? Have you ever considered befriending even older people with more time on their hands? I bet there is a ton of older lonely men with freetime who are interesting.
Can't the same be said about you?
Probably dude. I have met people in the past I have just ended up disregarding due to a lack of common interests. One guy I met who rides motorcycles and we went on a ride together. But he talked non-stop about soccer and sports and I was like "fuck man I hate this shit" lol
Sometimes I'd rather just be alone than deal with someone who you just don't connect with. I find it's very rare in life you find someone you really connect with. Most people are just small accessories or acquaintances in your life. They are there temporarily and then they disappear. 
It's happened so often to me that I've gotten to the point where I don't really believe in true friendship at this age. Unless you have a solid group of friends you grew up with and stuck together through school and shit
yeah ive heard of this before, seems hard to believe though since more people aren't trying it out
Im gonna try it out anyways, thanks anon
32 and i keep throwing money away on different dating apps. i barely get any matches despite looking young, having muscle and in shape and tall.
, here in the UK they literally told us that we have to accept being poorer.
who told you that ?
I hate to break it to you anon, but it's all about face. I wish you well though and have a nice week
but last week you told it was about money
Is this what happens when we give up bros? Its gotten so bad for me Ive started looking for a second job to do on Saturdays and in the morning before regular work. I get so depressed on weekends being home alone all the time ive debated going to AA meetings just to fucking hang out with people. I say to myself I'm gonna go do something one night like bowling or go to bar to try and meet someone but I never do, it just seems sad to be doing stuff like that alone at 32. I wish I had friends to do things with I'm just that weird guy that does everything alone now. Not really many fun activities I can do by myself but also allows me to meet people, maybe I really will go play yugioh irl next weekend I have nothing else going on in life.
You honestly just need to put yourself out there as much as possible man. Even if it means getting involved in some discord where they watch movies every Friday or something, just talk to as many people as possible and be friendly. You'll be surprised how willing people are to talk and hang around (especially at our age).
Most normies I've met are kinda... low IQ.
See >>73131389, the people who reside in those kind of jobs (especially now) tend to be low IQ, *even* if they could be smarter, the job will make them duller; the lack of time, money, intellectual stimulation will shape their intelligence.
I don't really believe in true friendship at this age.
At this point everyone is busy.
scattershot
I'm not sure if he can afford to be.
https://www.theguardian.com/business/2023/apr/25/britons-need-to-accept-theyre-poorer-says-bank-of-england-economist
I'm 31. My life is solidly "okay", but I can feel myself becoming more and more unhinged with each passing month. A couple of years ago, my self-esteem bottomed out and I stopped caring about what people thought or said about me, which helped a lot. I also finally embraced the fact that I'm definitely autistic and became really zen about everything. It's been a slow and steady buildup since then and my social life has been improving even if it's far from perfect, and I have a lot of female friends for the first time in my life. Most of the people I hang around are weird or neurodivergent in some way.
I've given up on normalfags completely and and am pot committed to living as an eccentric at this point. It's really apparent upon meeting me that I just don't give a single fuck about a lot of social norms. However, I speak confidently, I have zero financial problems (even though I'm just a working class joe schmo, I'm very frugal), I'm very nice to most people and exhibit zero passive aggressiveness, I don't go out of my way to bother anyone, and I act really zen about almost everything. This has made it effectively impossible to insult me despite my autistic weirdness. If I get the sense that someone doesn't like me and is trying to get under my skin, I try to steer them into outright saying "I don't like you because you're weird." This rarely happens, and most people who are like that will either avoid me (good) or start to accept me on some level after their needling doesn't work. Being so unapologetically autistic has actually started to make me more friends. I've become "that hippie dude." Things are definitely a lot better than when I was a socially anxious wreck trying to appease normalfags. I might even be able to buy a house in a year or two, so things are looking up.
Thanks for reading my blog post.
I think there was some study that showed people are way more accepting of any sort of autism weirdness if they know from the beginning if someone actually has autism. I'm glad you're figuring things out though anon, it's never easy when you're spergy to have a solid social group so the fact that you've been able to get one is a great achievement.
there's nothing worse than being 30 and having figured a few things out about what women actually like in men
and looking back at your twenties at the sheer mass of completely wasted time playing fucking meaningless videogames and not talking to anyone for weeks on end
God please give me the courage to kill myself, I don't know why you created me, I do not want to be tested, I just want the pain to stop, if you want me to do it at the end of a noose then that's the path I will take, please give me the courage to do this.
I've been having a massive existential crisis since I hit 30 1.4 years ago. Everything feels so pointless, I feel so tired. 
I'm trying to give in to absurdism because I think that's my only path to happiness.
I rarely outright say "I have autism" unless I get to know someone better, especially because I'm not diagnosed. However, I don't try to hide it either and I'll allude to it sometimes.
they also come with
poverty / crime, nice safe places are $$$
lack of physical space
impersonal average npc
loud
Anyone else here really find themselves hoping most 20 somethings fuck off and die? Its like this is hell and everything old people said has come true. The kids dont respect anything, have about zero work ethic and think they know everything because of the internet
oldbump
Literally spent most of my 20s in seriously debt, now at 28 I have 40k saved up and feel as miserable as I did when I was broke.
I'm alright even though I'm physically disabled. I'm actually getting my schedule set to see my first concert in... god almost ten years? Really looking forwards to it even though I know a handful of you fuckers will just call me a faggot over who I'm seeing.
Do you ever just buy yourself something nice with it? Cuz man they say money can't buy happiness but being able to afford my hobbies is making me pretty happy. Once I get this place cleaned enough I'm gonna get a display cabinet for my figures.
call me a faggot over who I'm seeing.
As long as its not coldplay
Nah it's Fall Out Boy. My brother grabbed me some tickets as a birthday present for my 30th in February when he caught me doing some housework in my dinky living space and singing along to their newest album on YouTube. Goofy bastard pull the closest to a full VIP experience anyone can really get in this decade.
I bought myself a nice car but that's it, I don't really buy anything anymore. I'll probably buy hiking gear soon once summer starts but that's it. What got me in debt was me being stupid and buying things out of impulse whenever I was having an anxiety episode, I was always buying dumb things, even when I was 15k deep in credit card debt, now I rarely use credit cards, and watch carefully what I'm planning on buying.
Yeah I try to keep mine within monthly limits I set, so I still end up having to save for stuff sometimes even though I could afford it right away. Been thinking I might get a Steam Deck eventually but there's a game I want this month too.
bohoo, he never read bedtime stories or gave you the lesson on the birds and bees. grow up and teach yourself. life is hard, your ancestors didnt have anyone to teach them and if they did then they were lucky.
and looking back at your twenties at the sheer mass of completely wasted time playing fucking meaningless videogames and not talking to anyone for weeks on end
I have at least 500 full days of WoW not including other games.
Probably double that in porn. I could've done A LOT with my life.
I go out maybe twice a month now and do my best to talk to people and learn new things
Nta, but thats cool. I saw them along with green day and weezer in atlanta back in 2021. Even though i was by myself, i had a kickass time.
I try to steer them into outright saying "I don't like you because you're weird."
Tactics for this? Your post otherwise sounds almost exactly like how I became in my 30s, but I've never thought of trying this approach before, and it seems like it would plug the main remaining gap in my interactions with the other humans.
Tactics for this?
Seconding.
I turned 31 yesterday. Some month ago I had sex for the first time, which was nice. It fixes none of the fundamental problems however.
But aside from that my life is complete hell. I wage my existence away, coprorate consooming doesn't satisfy me. All I want to do is sit under a tree and read a novel but the corporate world doesn't allow me to do that. It's like my mind is a giant big wound or infection. It would surely heal given enough time but capital forces me to keep scratching the wound, keeping it ever hurting.
I wish I could just off myself desu.
had a dream last night of holding a baby in my arms and being happy about it
jesus fucking christ I am a guy but I feel like my biological clock is ticking
I going 30 this august, but guess I will have to start checking surrogacy laws for single men
Totally the opposite for me. At 35, seeing younger outcasts who aren't totally demoralized yet still trying sincerely to make it work, and having those brief moments of suspended disbelief where I think maybe they really won't end up like me, is one of the last things that keeps me going.
Boy was that scary to slowly see the prophecy come true down to every detail
Elaborate in significant detail, please.
I going 30 this august, but guess I will have to start checking surrogacy laws for single men
Do not bring a life into your misery.
Kys fake autist scum
Muh stimming xD
I'm not going down like this
his *****type*****
All types want Chad, cuck.
Who cares what we think, faggot. I hope you have a blast!
Anyone else here really find themselves hoping most 20 somethings fuck off and die?
Totally the opposite for me.
I live in a gentrified city so most of the youth I see come from wealth and I deeply loathe them. But I don't know what's happening to the outcast (and poor) ones.
"young outcasts"
Stop this, no such thing exists. Too bad the "End of wizards" thread series 404'd, but the tl;dr is zoomers were raised in a hypersocial era, an era where even the biggest fuck up could find his niche community. A zoomer will never know isolation and ostracism on the same level a millennial and prior gens did. They have an over abundance of communities and interests to pick from, and thanks to The Big Bang Theory all social stigma towards "nerdy" hobbies has been removed. Of course, that came at the cost of total commodification, but that's another whole issue.
That anon. I know this is a very autistic and overthought response, but I want to be thorough and explain the foundation. 
First of all, I think it's very important to reiterate that I'm nice to most people, I'm not passive aggressive at all, I almost never maliciously make fun of anyone (to their face or behind their back) unless I genuinely dislike them, I'm openly okay with almost all weird interests or habits that anyone could have, I don't go out of my way to bother anyone, and I don't have any financial problems. Immediately, this takes the piss out of people's ability to try to get under your skin because you present yourself as being so "above it"
In my opinion, not having any financial issues is a huge deal for self confidence. And I'm not even talking about earning a lot of money, more like "I have several months living expenses in the bank." This makes it really easy to be aloof and not care too much about shit in ways that I think are difficult for people to understand. In theory you could just tell your boss to fuck off tomorrow and it wouldn't be that big of a deal, you'd easily find another job well before shit would actually get real. Just being someone who doesn't spend any time or energy worrying about money gives you a lot of social power. I could go on and on about what a massive impact this can have on your personality, and how it's more important than the number that you actually earn (in terms of being socially "cool"), but I'll stick to the topic at hand.
Zoomers basically have the exact opposite problems as we do. We were Generation Snowflake, where everyone felt like they needed to be totally unique and unprecedented individuals in spite of our comical inability to justify being seen that way. Zoomers have been oversocialized to the point where they have a severely underdeveloped sense of self, and are so used to running calculations in the back of their mind about how anything they say or do will land with the herd due to being raised in the socmed age that they don't even know how to authentically self-express.
If you think the superficial little cliques they turtle up into in a futile attempt to plug the wide gaps in their own identities with group-identity are something *really* meaningful to them, I'm guessing you haven't gotten to know any of them that deeply. Most of them literally have the level of self-actualization we had in middle school in their early twenties, and they're never going to make up that difference as long as they live. That, and Gen X seems to have proven themselves to be a surprisingly uniform cohort of helicopter-parents, so most of their spawn didn't have the same freedom to just go about, explore the world, and test their limits that we had as prepubescent children until their last couple years of high school, which basically just threw the perfect fuel on the exact kind of psychological dumpster-fire their oversocialization had already created.
If you want to say their generation's existential predicament is fake and gay just because it's different from ours, go for it, hope you're getting something out of that victimhood pissing match.
(cont)
With all of this, I'm talking about genuine insults, passive aggressiveness, and all around shittiness. I'm not talking about playful jabs or banter.
The way I see it, if someone tries to covertly attack me, it can fit in one of two buckets.
One, they're attacking you for something you either have little control over or don't feel any internal embarrassment about. For example: stimming, weird mannerisms, personal interests, music taste, lifestyle choices. In this case, you should exhibit zero embarrassment whatsoever. Act like you don't even care what they think and like it's something you shouldn't even have to defend yourself for. Even say something along the lines of "yeah, I'm weird." without a hint of insecurity if you have to. If things actually persist past one or two comments (which they rarely do if you handle it this way), change your whole attitude to "You're being a dickhead, fuck off.", but still keep your inflection and body language relatively calm.
Two, you're being attacked for an actual fuck up or something you feel some genuine embarrassment about. This is a bit trickier, and I think it's important to first assess whether the person may actually have a point that was worth making. If you fucked up at your job or aggrieved someone in some way and maybe weren't aware of it, then it might be important to acknowledge a mistake or apologize for something. If their grievance was a rather small one but they can't let it go even after you try to apologize or make amends, your attitude should turn to "I'm sorry, but what the fuck else do you want me to do?" It's important that the initial apology is thorough and sincere though. I once calmly told a manager "You can fire me if you want to." after they couldn't let go of a fuck up I made that I had already apologized for. (knew I wouldn't be fired, too reliable of an employee overall)
(cont)
I can talk about this more if you have any other questions. My social life still isn't perfect, but I've gotten very good at always being the chillest person in the room and giving people very little opportunity to disrespect me. I think the thing that people fear most is that you won't give a shit about what they have to say.
This pretty much all sounds like stuff I already do, so would agree with it all. I'm more wondering specifically how you 
steer them into outright saying "I don't like you because you're weird."
Sorry if you were trying to explain just that, but I failed to pick it up from these posts.
but I failed to pick it up from these posts.
Dude is chill as fuck and even if he's weird people are cool with him because he's genuinely a nice person.
He's literally just beeeing himself
What I mean is that if nothing they do or say ever gets to you or elicits an emotional response and you make it abundantly clear that you're confident and content with being an eccentric autist, they eventually have to either accept you as you are or stop beating around the bush and more or less explicitly say "I don't like you just because I think you're weird." Sounds like you already have this down, we'd probably get along.
We probably would. But sadly, that's not the result I've gotten from the subset of neurotypicals who just instinctively despise anyone they don't understand. In my experience, they're a bottomless well of flimsy excuses for why, because although their distaste begins as baseless, they'll feel the need to interpret everything you do in a negative light to build a narrative explaining the feeling in a way commensurate with their preferred self-image. I have also noticed that it eats away at them when they see you getting along well with others, and they'll usually do everything in their power to talk everyone you know in common into viewing you as they do. 
They're thankfully a minority of neurotypicals (though still a nontrivial percentage in light of how many humans we have to deal with in life), but from everything I've seen, the level of hatred these people have for anyone like us is just inconsolably deranged and irrational. It feels like they literally lose sleep at night over the thought that we're not miserable.
Not that anon but how do you deal with women?
To be clear, their hatred itself isn't what bothers me, it's more when they lash out in ways that practically affect your life (e.g., lying to your boss to try to get you fired) that it becomes a nuisance. If I had the financial security you do, it'd probably be less noticeable (I did once upon a time, so I know what you're talking about with the empowered headspace it creates even as a low-skill wagecuck, but unfortunately burned out $20,000 in savings paying bills while recovering from a stroke, and never got back there).
I can tell you straight up, we would not get along at all.
Not sure if you're even the same anon or not, but if you say so.
Shit dude that's a fuckin' batch and a half to see, especially with all this COVID shit. I'm just stoked to see Fall Out Boy *right* after they had a new album drop.
I just googled them and was shocked to find out some of them are still in their 30s
 pissing match
They do objectively have it easier in many ways though. Millennials lit the torches and discovered all the traps in path for them in this post boomer world. They have zero excuse for no becoming successful. By now everyone knows it's a trap to just get a degree expecting everything will fall into place. Nobody needs to wall of text that since everyone knows the story by now.
Also they did not graduate in and around the great recession when companies had hiring freezes. Zoomers are graduating into booming economies at a time when baby boomers are retiring en masse. Unemployment is at historic lows.
Sounds about right of their cultural conflicts. Though I don't expect any wizard neet level zoomers like we see so many millennial robots here by the time they hit their 30s-40s. They basically have the financial life playbook written for them.
Nice nothing comment you stupid faggot, still doesn't absolve the father of his failures.
2019
be me
taking some drugs, something hydroxy pcp I can't remember, may have been laced with fent who knows
wake up a few days after out of a coma in a hospital 
psych ward
suddenly receive a vision
it all happened fast, like a second at most
sort of like the vision Shephard got on Eden Prime in Mass Effect to give you an idea of how short it was, but it was more coherent, information was downloaded into me would be a good description
the only sort of image attached was one of masses of people all wearing blue masks
that it was related to the Biblical Apocalypse, that I should read the Greek version, that the panic would be manufactured and to at all costs not take what would be called a vaccine for it at the end of 2020 and early 2021, I was given exact timelines, knew the virus was already released and that it would take a few months for (((them))) to use the media to create the panic
was specifically informed to avoid hospitals for the duration of 2 years
Conversations I had with people in the ward is pretty funny looking back
but anon masks don't work that way
takes years to develop a vaccine
and I said
well remember you said that and start praying when it all comes true 
This one guy told me, the Bible said
young men would receive visions
I'm gonna create 5th "End of the Wizards" thread, just writing out the OP. Been meaning to make one for some time after last one ended.
oversocialised
I mean you're right.
I hate zoomers just as much as you do for having it much easier in terms of geek culture (and having it destroyed in the process):
Of course, that came at the cost of total commodification, but that's another whole issue.
But financially they're fucked.
I forgot to add we're in that same financial predicament as them if we don't have any assets. Which many of us are. The well-off are buying up all the housing in my area.
Anon's dirty bulk has been dirtier than intended, and so he has gone from 42.3 kgs and 8% bf to 46.45 kgs and 12% bf.
Given severe musculoskeletal deficits, I look fatter. I do not like my body composition now. It's steamed broccoli and chick peas from here on in (here on out?). I have an enlarged liver due to my funky circulation, and it feels more cramped for space now with my newly acquired love handles. 
I'm also half concerned that taking on board 4000 kcal/day with a TDEE of 1450 is harmful even in underweight persons.
ASDs have excellent long term prognoses. 
You were born just in time to upload your brain to a USB flash drive when the singularity hits! 
You can take baby aspirins to lower the risk of thromboembolic events resulting from arrhythmias.
They sell wings in McDonalds outside of the UK?
Get a deck, it's great, I use mine every day
Interesting. Not really the /r9k/ wheelhouse, but I remember seeing a thread a long time ago (2011?) of a guy talking about there being a plan to artificially bring about the Revelation vision and make it into a self-fulfilling prophecy. Seen a lot of /x/-style LARPs over the years, but that was the only one that's stuck with me, as I find it hard to deny that things *have* pretty much been going the way he said they would in the correct order. He said all of it had already come to pass by then except the last three trumpets, and that a pandemic was supposed to be the fifth trumpet, then a world war as the sixth, can't remember the last one. I also recall he said that 2022-25 were basically going to be the "doomsday years".
Still not sure I totally buy it all, since I kind of recall there being a fair amount of holes in the story and his just kind of having that smug-deflection attitude LARPers get sometimes, but it's definitely something I've thought back on a lot in more recent years.
How make friends?
Am late 30's, married, most friends have moved far away, so I need a new local group.
I have hobbies and such, but none that have been great for bonding with strangers.
Ideally just need some people to hang locally.
I am not an autist, retard, or woman, so this seems like there should be some constructive advice that will work.
I want to kill myself everyday tbqh
The dichotomy of man.
original
Get off my doorstep.
It weird to watch the world burn down around you.
Honestly it the one thing that is bothering to no end now. Wild life is fucked, the environment is fucked, there is mirco plastics in literally everything.
Of course society is taking a massive shit too.
I am just about ready to check out.
I want to go to Nintendo world and see a starry sky before I do
What does "put myself out there" even mean? Do I do a bunch of random shit by myself and cold approach people or do I join some club or weekly activity where its the same group for the most part? Join a bunch of dating apps that never work? I'm not hanging out on discord all night either that's the complete opposite of what I want. The only reason I though of going to play yugioh irl is the hopes there's people there around my age that aren't complete losers.
I want to kill myself everyday tbqh
me too. suicidal thoughts have got really strong by now.
But financially they're fucked.
I don't agree with the current popular predictions about the future economy and personal finance. Frankly everyone is far too into doomsday mode. If I'm right the zoomers and early gen-alpha will do well to position themselves to prosperity greatly as the generational tides shift. The opportunistic millennials may be able to catch the wave yet. 
Of course there are robots who are already lost causes because our time has come and passed. Those of us in this generation entering middle age without anything to show for have simply run out of time to extract value out from the duration of their prime living years.
33 m Eastern Europe. Life's been pretty good, I spent the last six months doing nothing, spending some of the saved up money from my job. Starting work as a senior software developer for a new company tomorrow. Thing is I just don't want to work anymore, have to figure something out about becoming financially independent and retiring early. I'm not married but live with my girlfriend. No kids and absolutely no desire to have any, she says she is the same. 
Thanks for reading my blog.
thanks normalfag for chipping in.
Cheers, if you want to ask something go ahead.
how to get software dev job if you're an oldtimer?
Define old-timer.
I have a friend who is currently trying to switch from being a bartender to becoming a QA. He is in his late 30s, approaching 40. What he is taking advantage of is that in my country the software development industry has a severe shortage of workers. So a lot of companies work with various bootcamps and academies who offer 6-12 months courses where they bring you up to speed to be able to start as a junior.
I believe that if you have technical literacy, logical thinking and desire to learn and code in your free time it's doable, it just takes persistence. For example I code everyday, doesn't matter if I'm working or if it's the weekend, it's kinda a hobby for me. Above I mentioned that I don't want to work, that's because I don't like being told what to do anymore but solving problems is a challenge and a pleasure. This I believe is the mindset you need.
Yea alot of edgy faggots on here are saying shit like ACCELERATE or let it all burn but what if we bite off more than we can chew? I say lets try to enjoy life as much as we can despite all the bullshit.
Define old-timer.
Im 30 also from EE.
a lot of companies work with various bootcamps and academies who offer 6-12 months courses where they bring you up to speed to be able to start as a junior
not a thing here. they just give out courses and then you're on your own. 
For example I code everyday, doesn't matter if I'm working or if it's the weekend, it's kinda a hobby for me.
thats why its so easy for you. Who wants a guy who's been comatose yesterday when there's plenty of olympic sprinters to choose from.
You'll be surprised, a former coworker who is pretty much useless has perfected the art of bullshitting and through the strategy of applying to every position he sees has managed to land two jobs, working from home and pulling in ~10000 euros a month. I personally can't do that because I'm mortified by the prospect of embarrassing myself and having a bad reputation.
Oh we did anon, well collective humanity
Things are so fucked, we will be lucky we can even make it to 2050 let alone 2100.
There is one upside to this, it put things in perspective. Most things ain't a big deal
You seem oddly optimistic. Our wages have been stagnating for years and yet the cost of food and rent have continued to go up. I don't see this silver lining you're seeing.
I'm not a bullshitter so that's the game over. I couldnt even land the minimal wage for the part-time night job.
I'm sorry to hear that, it's very hard and frankly insincere to try and give you advice, I hope there's someone around you who can give you support.
thats okay, God has a better destiny for you.
Do you believe in God, I find that admirable, myself I never managed to connect with religion, was not something my family practised and I grew up to be very cynical and disinterested. Maybe that's the platform you can use to push yourself up.
I do believe but God just keep punishing me. 
What EE country are you from?
From the shithole that is Bulgaria.
Oh yeah, I beat Elden Ring. I think I have a 1000 hours across five characters. Haven't had fun and wonder from a game like that in a loooong time.
