vote guyse
wren and miyo are so ugly its comical
None, E-Girls are just a petty distraction
my heart skips a beat every time I see a picture of vamp
Cewl was alright. But I don't think she actually enjoyed talking with me, which hurts but, if she doesn't want to, she doesn't have to. I wish her the best.
All of them are moronic retards that cant even talk lol I would literally pay to laugh at their DMs with Chad basically just a bunch of oks and yeas until they get railed and blocked lmfao
imagine humiliating yourself and betraying your ego just for a crumb of pussy
couldnt be me
I don't want pussy. I want friends. Projecting much.
point still stands. why care so much about muh friends?
not OP but having friends is fun, although it is quite pathetic that it was an online friend.
fun if they make you feel good. you should be able to make yourself feel good, pathetic both ways
No, it doesn't. And you clearly have issues since the idea of friends has you replying like that. Get fucked.
This is a hard cope anon don't humiliate yourself
Im so glad I resisted the urge to post my face here as an insanely insecure and reclusive teenager. God i feel bad for these girls.
Iris is my girl. She isnt a slutty camwhore, just a naive girl that wanted friends, easy love and attention.
yeah I can make yourself feel good, and spread the love with my friends too. Not everyone here is a friendless loser lol.
i just despise the idea of acting like a jester to entertain other people for the sake of not being a lonely fuck if having a friend wont bring you any considerable advantage
Oh hey look it's this thread, neat
I've had positive interactions with Yu No, Iris and Vultz, they're pretty alright in my book and genuine people ftmp albeit with individual issues (understandable we're all human after all)
that's not a friendship though, sounds more like a hostage situation for a lonely schizo. Most people are capable of having regular ass friendships.
Can there be an alternate option where we laugh at you simping faggots who worship a girl who doesn't know you exist?
Fucking lol
Cewl, you left your bra at my place
because no friendship exists for the sake of not being advantageous for the other person. it is good if you have friends for a benefit, but its downright dumb to have it for the sake of it
most friendships are mutually advantegeous, people just enjoy each other's company.
lulu and bury are unironically 7-8/10, though. wonder what are they doing on r9k out of all places
and thats why they are stupid, by holding unto them as tools for pleasure, when you could just dump them if they stop bringing you any advantage whatsoever
You wouldn't have made the cut anyway so stop acting like you would be up on that chart LMAO
you have to be really naive to think that a single one of them isn't extremely mental ill. they're not just average insecure teenagers, that's the front they put on to get people to like them.
yuno is the only one who talked to me and i think she's cute.
vamp looks like me but female is she from the balkans
I mean yeah, if you no longer enjoy your friend's company then you should probably drop them.
yeah she's albanian except she looks a lot more like me than you and we're getting married one day so don't get any funny ideas
she looks like me with a wig and i live extremely close to her its already a gg
Vultz is obviously the hottest of them. Her face is cute and the body is exceptional.
Lulu's skin is quite terrible, but I'm sure it'll get better over the years.
She desperately needs to stop chewing her nails though. Short nails on women is incredibly repulsive.
These are great on the other hand.
mid desu
orignalmessage
i wish i could kill one of these bitches
For me its the opposite. I hate long nails on women. Especially the fake ones they look retarded
Then you're probably a closet gay.
Nothing wrong with that, but it would make sense if you don't like feminine features.
Ashley originally
Judging from those pics
1st place:
Vamp
Lulu
2nd place:
Roz
Luce
Lucy
this thread is very sad
I think thats you, pal. Long nails arent feminine. Only ppl that care about nails and clothes are women and fags
I want an r9k egirl to feminize me and make me her boywife.
Y?
You have been muted for 2 seconds, because your comment was too low in content (5.56% content).
Cream is my favorite, bitch is crazy and had an STD
They factually and objectively are feminine.
What about vore? Didn't you two have a thing? Before you got AIDS or whatever?
That isn't French chan, OP.
like egirls?? in on the latest and greatest /r9k/ news? come on over to ttv/2no1_ where we talk about the current state of egirls both past present as well as explore where the future lies with each and everyone of them.
Meaghan. Never posted her face, never was an annoying egirl, just trolled some miserable pedo into going batshit insane and then fucked off.
I suspect you are a newfag trying to advertise your server on the sly. You can prove me wrong by naming the two Queens preceding Iris.
French chan was an ugly arab, hence why she used photos of other women
No thats me and I dont have AIDS
guys its just women... but on the internet 
please go outside there are actually alot of women all over the place
is preceding before or after?
No, I hate red nail polish.
Before. Not off to a great start, buddy.
My bad, I thought you were that faggot V01D that pretended to get dick cancer to get sympathy from a retard single mother and ended up getting BTFO by this Chad >>73127961
I aint your buddy. the name ttv/2no1_. there's ciara and marky. ciara because some robot i knew kept talking about her bringing her up in every convo.marky cause of the memes
I've been here since 2014 and I don't know who any of these people are apart from iris. Crazy what filters can do
Thanks for playing, pal
Tell me again how going from fighting for our freedom to becoming a self made millionaire living in a mansion before age 25 then going six for six with 2022s top fembots is pathetic lol
Name them and I can tell if you're lying or not.
i aint your pal it's ttv/2no1_
Damn, a lot of newfags in here tonight. Don't worry dough, daddy will spoonfeed you. Besides the ones in picrel, he also discorded and discarded vultz (rip naya), iris and french chan.
The absolute state of delusional femcels haha
Kek the man who sold /r9k, even the original Marc came back to BTFO this larping nigger
The mia bit cracks me up every time i see this stupid shit lol
The ones that actually posted nudes. Cewl did, did anyone else?
Sure sure female humans are born with longer nails than males. Theyre painted too. Youre just a faggot admit it and stop projecting your faggotry in me
You literally just posted the same girl. Check this link:
Scotty had a smoking hot body and she posted for a long time. I guess she's retired now unfortunately.
none of these, theyre all boring af and their servers suck ass
Empathchan unironically mogs all these summerfags hard
Bitch be looking like he's been doing hrt for a week
iris here
pls talk to me im bored
i see better looking girls every time i go out. is this really the best /r9k/ has to offer? sad
hi iris did you burnout from streaming or are you just busy?
im on vacation with my family,, i cant wait to get back home to my pc honestly. thanks for responding to me
frenchan looks like me with a wig kek
vore is the hottest of those in the op pic
id fuck vore just saying
i thought that was luce. what an ugly bitch
i asked my penis and my penis says it wouldnt mind feeling around and checking for more babies in vores birth canal
vacation
didn't consider that an option for some reason i haven't been on one since like 2013, i hope you're enjoying it
i cant wait to get back home to my pc honestly.
naturally as that's where you spend most of your time
y-you too
Um, none of them?
newfaggots every fucking one of you
wasn't she here last week?
reminds me of vore and how much i wanna fuck vore tb h
yeah it was very last minute but it is nice, im visiting a continent ive ndver been to before. but its very embarrassing not speaking the language here, i cant order or anything on my own without it being so awkward. 
naturally as that's where you spend most of your time
true true
cute cuteposter stutter
spoke too soon. you are not a newfag. please continue, good sir.
which continent?
bro nyako maid literally looks like a tranny
She is a queen I love her
pina-chan looks asian. i assume shes a pinay from the philippines
all the places i visited were in NA so i can't relate but i think it'd be cool to learn a bit of a language for a place that i was planning to visit but the trip being last minute doesn't help
So she's Mexican
sunny is ugly and has shit personality + is a wanna be ciara
sunny is ugly
take that back! take it back right now! 
Chloe is a 2/10 troon with the weakest orbital bone known to mankind, a negative canthal tilt and "she" does not pass
iris is my favorite but lucy is the cutest
Why do you inkwells calls "Naya" to Vultz now.
The last thing I remember she was getting dicked by some random eboy or whatever.
Good tits tho
Also
Luce look pretty, marriageable
Vamp is such a cutie. I'm glad I don't see her positing anymore. Hope she's doing well
