As a man your entire purpose in life is to take a bullet for the nearest damsel in distress. Why haven't you done it yet? Why aren't you out prowling the streets looking for women you can die rescuing right now? Bunch of fucking man babies. I DESERVE FOR YOU TO SACRIFICE YOURSELF TO ME!
I own women as sex slaves. Also I need to feed my sarlac pit with foids.
I own women as sex slaves. Also I need to feed my sarlac pit with foids.
No you need to die protecting me CHOP CHOP
I'd only take a bullet for my waifu and even then I don't think she'd want me to.
I'd only take a bullet for my waifu and even then I don't think she'd want me to.
Bitch there's a creepy stalker outside my window right now. Get your ass over here and kill him for me with your bare hands! (he's armed btw).
I use to be a simp like that but I recovered by switching to vtubers and trannies for an imaginary sense of affectionate female company.
i'm not willing to take a bullet for a woman unless the woman fires the bullet at me
I use to be a simp like that but I recovered by switching to vtubers and trannies for an imaginary sense of affectionate female company.
i'm not willing to take a bullet for a woman unless the woman fires the bullet at me
No. Fuck you! You must DIE so that I MAY LIVE! I'M WORTH IT!
I would gladly take a bullet for a woman. I'm not bothered about living that much anyway.
I would gladly take a bullet for a woman. I'm not bothered about living that much anyway.
There you go, GOOD BOY!
There are no more damsels. This is what happens when you raise a girlboss generation. If anything, I'm the damsel now, and you should die for me.
lol chop chop
This is what happens when you raise a girlboss generation. If anything, I'm the damsel now, and you should die for me.
That's not how matriarchy works lol I get the good job AND the chivalry if you don't like it you're a sexist POS
As a man your entire purpose in life is
In society, every once in a while you get these mentally enslaved cockroaches that tell you your purpose and what you should be doing in life, lets call them john...
Fuck John and everything that has to do with John, live life on your own terms nigger
Women are worth it and there's no point in denying the natural order of wanting to protect them. I'd rather one live than me if it had to be one of us.
No pussy no taking bullets. Youre independent and dont need me, enjoy your bullets whore
No pussy no taking bullets. Youre independent and dont need me, enjoy your bullets whore
I'M A WAMEN I DESERVE TO BE RESCUED
Give pussy first then we talk
I know this is supposed to be shitty ragebait, but I don't even give a fuck I walked right past some woman getting sexually assaulted by a homeless maniac. pretended I didn't see anything, woman called out to me asking me to do something. guy was stoked when I put my headphones in.
You have a weird view bait girl. 
Anyways, have any anon here done something to decorate their homes these days? I just bought a few paintings, and my house looks much better. It doesn't change my life, but it's a little thing that helps me to feel just a little bit better.
73129911
these entitlements
where's the proof, beeeyatch?
There aren't guns where I live ;)
