Sex havers of r9k, have you tried fleshlight, how does it compare?
If it's a prostitute or a girl that doesn't love you then they are comparable. But if the girl loves you and you love her then there is no comparison.
The physical feeling comes pretty close. But in the end it doesn't compare because there is no real intimacy involved with a fleshlight
I have a texas tornado fleshlight and it's the closest to really wet pussy I have. But I'd still rather have sex. Only been a sexhaver for 2 months now
Fleshlight or Onahole are better because you control the movement and how to increase the pleasure, when letting a girl try to please you it is pretty frustrating. if you complain they just go into a mood and sometimes go to sleep and leave you hanging 
So yeah 
Fleshlight 9/10
Girl 6/10
Onahole 7/10
It's not just the hole for me, I like watching the girl squirm and enjoy herself too because it strokes my ego, pun intended. Feels way better to cum inside a girl or on her because, maybe not physically but certainly psychologically.
Using a fleshlight would make me feel like a loser to be honest.
I haven't tried a fleshlight, but if it's better than a no lube hand grip, then it's better than sex physically. And yeah like everyone else says, intimacy with a real girl is completely different, but it's also a game changer, it's basically having a whore who likes you and is down to try out your fetishes. That's something toys or porn cannot do.
If you're like me, then you also cannot find armpit porn as hot as the real thing with all the smells and tastes, or instead simulate with toys, how getting your nips sucked on by a girl as gives you a handjob
I think i am gonna find me one of these bad boys!!
Why has no one told me these are a thing?, Jesus
I have one of the ones that goes up and down and spins. Best faps of my life and better then pushy. Only reason I would go out of my way for real puss is an ego boost.
Only downside is sometimes it'll launch cum around because of the spinning but at that point you feel too good to care.
Oh shit I never thought about that part, I think i'm gonna get this one
it's silent, vibrates and clamps
Purely mechanically im sure a fleshlight is better
But since we have more senses than touch, if youre with a girl who loves you and who you love nothing can compare and thats not some plebbit shit its true, sex is more than just the actual feeling
I tried the BJ styles ones but unless it's thrusting or spinning my hand is just better. The vibrations and suction feel good but enough to cut with. Meanwhile with the spinning one I just get hard put it on and will cum in like a minute.
Motion is the biggest part of feeling good cause of friction, unless you're an actual hair trigger youll need some of that.
Sex haver who owns a fleshlight. A lubed and warmed up fleshlight feels almost indistinguishable from a pussy. I've sworn off casual sex now because I've realized it's just masturbation with extra steps. I can cum inside a warm whole that feels (almost) just as good with no interaction, no spending money, and no risk of STDs. Obviously your fleshlight can't replace a real relationship, but it'll scratch the itch for pussy.
For fuck sake it's only (Insertable Length: 5.1in)
Too small for me and I know the head of the penis is where all the feeling is but I want to bang it into my base. Ruined, guess I will keep looking
My ex said a tenga felt like fucking a tire and he disliked it
Ok this might be great for a quick one when stressed out with work
I love tenga eggs, even the cheap china knockoffs are my go to , love them and really need to find some more
A fleshlight isn't gonna beg me to cum inside while I choke it and then spoon afterwards w a faceful of hair
I would never choose it over sex
You certainly can't cuddle with one, that is true.
So the rotating ones are the best?
Just got paid and I am gonna get me some sex toys to make the next few months heaven
