What the fuck is going on, a group of white guys litterally made me and my gf go our seperate ways... I mean we are still together but they litterally made us leave at seperate times.
You know some white guy wrote this wall of text because an actual nog would be fucking his fat-butt gf instead of seething.
betabuxx behavior. the real BBC i know can easily body 3 twink nazis in a minute. really disappointed in you dayquan
This is a psyop. Propaganda.
I w> this was the case bro, they litterally just come up to us pushing and shoving. This was a scary experience.
I got a pretty big dick, a big dick ain't gonna fight off 7 dudes.
alright jewboy, nobodys buying it. go back to snipping baby dicks. Dirty Jew
Don't speak against the jews.
They're making you irresitible forbidden dark meat to every white girl the length and breadth of the country is what's going on. Expect a mass increase in sex with white women going forward.
Is this true? Could this be possible?
Why are you race mixing? Don't like black girls.
You should've let them know about white male suicide and they would've killed themselves right then an there. 70% of all daily suicides despite being only 32% of the population top kek
eh.... This story is kinda shaky
they push me out the mall and tell me to get in my car
A real nigga could have easily flattened these hicks 
A girl's attraction to a fellow would have decreased signifigantly after this.
Was this in the south or some shit?
healthier offspring, American black women are fmanly too tough. African women especially east African are fine though
Nah my girls attraction would have faded if I had tries to fight 7 dudes like some kind of idiot, she was shaken up and scared by the whole ordeal and was relieved when I called her, kind of the south we live in a moderately liberal area of VA so not the deep south.
I will tell you this however I think I'm going to start hanging in groups and if I were you I'd do the same especially if you're with a white woman, I'm pretty sure this is some kind of fucked up right wing movement going on.
