Is it possible for tits to be too big, or is that just something roasties tell themselves?
I'm a guy who loves boobs, and yeah there gets a point where they're just weird. The idea is around the size and shape of balloons. There's nothing hot about something like this.
That's not hot because they are so unnatural. If they were naturally that large they'd hang like big cow milkers with better distributed fat/weight and would be more appealing, than some fake spheroid looking beachballs stapled onto her chest.
Huge fake tits always look like shit because theyre fake, not because theyre huge
It's not the size like an isolated variable, but aspects of the skin and even personality count a lot
when i was a teenager and in my early 20's, there was no such thing as boobs that were too big. but as i got older, (and especially after i was able to touch a small pair irl) i realized anything above an A cup is too much.
Lack of imagination because
You can fondle them with your hands and with your cock in between among many other things that depend on imagination and desire
Ughh imagine the body oil...
A woman has to basicslly be a complete genetic freak in terms of breast size and then not insignificantly overweight on top of that for me to start to go "Alright maybe those are too much".
Funnily enough I'm also really attracted to the exact opposite end of the spectrum. Gimme gigantic mommy milkers or skinny flat chests.
Such women exist but are very rare
I'm not the one that has to lug them around everywhere so I kinda get why they complain about it so much but a lot of that talk just convinces me to ignore what they're saying.
thats their punishment for eating the apple in the garden of Eden
There's no such thing as too big
Sound like a cope to come to terms with never getting to touch a real titcows.
I don't think so... if they were naturally that big, they might look a *little* better, but there's just... no possible way to make something like that look good.
Those are kind of hot, but still too big. Being natural isn't a perfect fix. Sometimes something is too big no matter what.
If the shape is right, too big isnt a problem. Just like pic above.
