Question of the thread: Any of you guys want to start a family, or is everyone either given up or disinterested?
Ive missed to many developmental stages in my life to be capable of that
I find it hard to care about. if I could get a gf it would be a different story, but it's too late now.
not a chance in hell, I would be a terrible fucking husband and an even worse father. I can barely handle the emotional needs of my pet cat.
31 and have zero interest in a family
being locked down in a constant boring family routine while having to feign interest in kid shows and take the kid to school seems like a nightmare to me
but then again growing older and not have teenage/adult children at that age is scary as hell too
i'm scared of my extremely petite body and how it would react to carrying babies. especially miscarriages/still born or myself passing away due to complications. i'm also a little physically disabled down there so he would have to be a bit gentle and loving.
This world does not deserve my labor. Emotional or otherwise
No pussy no work
No pussy no taxes
No pussy no society
Got my shit snipped a while ago, because I don't want any cum goblins running around, leeching my money, time and energy. My dog does that enough.
I'm often thinking about how I would raise a child, but it seems too far away and I don't really believe I would be able to be a good father if I can't even picture myself in a relationship.
Not sure, I'm 26 and still emotionally stunted, but I've made a lot of progress compared to a few years ago. Most people my age have multiple relationships under their belt and I haven't even slept with a woman, let alone had a serious relationship. 
That said, I'm sort of past the 'woe is me' stage, and more in the 'time to grind' stage now. I've heard way too many anons who are 30+ tell me that it never gets better and that I should start now because of that. Well I've gotten a taste of that from 20 to now, and now I can fully understand what they mean. I don't think I'll ever be the Chad I envisioned, but I sure am hell am going to try my best not to still be on this God forsaken board at 30
I will go against the grain thus far and say that I really do want kids. I think I'd be a pretty good dad and the lame family stuff people complain about seems pretty great to me. Unfortunately my dating life is nonexistent which you might guess from the board I'm on.
Please don't post bait.
Jail bait no less
I never got my first kiss and you want me to jump straight to a family?
Wanted to greatly from 26-30. Wanted it less and less ever since. Stopped at 40.
In theory I really want kids, but I won't fool myself thinking I would be a good parent if I can't even take care of myself.
Whats ot like being 40 and an incell (assuming you are one)
How would you be a good dad when you're too big of an asocial freak to get a girlfriend in the first place? It's funny when people who spend their entire life alone or living with parents think they would make good family men.
I'm 27. I was never interested in having a family. I was never even interested in sex
Which means it's over. There are 12 year olds, literally, who have more experience with females than you do.
This humiliation alone would be enough to make me suicidal, but you think you're making "progress" by grinding lol.
What woman is going to stay with you once she realizes you are a 30+ virgin? Assuming the fact that you grinder, whatever that means, will change something and make you actually get one.
More like disillusioned. 
All the closest old bros who stayed in contact are either trying to live down their divorces or are living with a semi-hostile stranger who wears their ring.
Between that, my own advancing age and every ex-gf having been a double-tongued disappointment so far, I am not exactly hopeful or eager anymore.
Kill yourself normalfaggot why would you even post here. Eat shit and die.
not my fault i am small, i think i would make a maybe nicewife and mom
Cry moar lil gatekeeper
27
28 in July
I honestly don't know
I have absolutely no idea what I want to do with my life
I feel like suicide is my best option 2bqphwm
eh you sound like a zoom zoom to care that much about it. the only reason to have such a response is caring way too much about what people who don't give a fuck about you think about you
It's just a themed general. relax sir
I'm 25. I would need a wife first and I'm a LVM (NEET) who never had a gf so that's unlikely to happen for now. I could have had two gfs since turning 18 but they were both not my type at all. One was an obese libtard with psycho fetishes and the other was a nice but dumb and annoying black girl from another continent. I want a skinny/average white girl who doesn't annoy me and who I can touch IRL. My sister has kids and while I think they're adorable and fun to play with for an afternoon I'm not sure if I'd be up for taking care of someone else 24/7 for years.
It's not that other people know, because they don't. It's the fact that I know that is causing the humiliation. You don't see the problem because you are used to being a piece of shit that is below others in life, in this case below a literal child. Guess the concept of honor is completely lost on you bottom of the barrell dwellers, people killed themselves for less in the past to maintain some dignity.
It's not getting better btw.
Suppose I'm 27 and recent ex-NEET (was long term NEET) making minimum wage, how much $ should I be saving each paycheck into savings? How much should I keep in regular checking? Suppose the only things I have to spend money on each week are groceries and gas for rides from family, how much $ should I not be touching after that?
Yeah cause it's so honorable to sleep around. Whatever bro it's your reality.
You sound like faggots with high degrees of FOMO, but that's part and parcel for being raised on facebook and Instagram.
This is more realistic for anyone under 40 if you've ever looked at Gen x and baby boomer marriages.
If I were you I would start a Roth IRA and start maxxing it out each year. It's a great starter retirement plan for those with low incomes. I'm not sure the current math, but around 10 years ago it was about 5k usd per year to max out your contribution. If you were to do this every year until you get to your 70s, it will end up amounting to high 6 figures/low million and will be tax free for a relatively small contribution
I'm volcel but robot. The robot is more frustrating at this point than the cel. It's rare to find a woman in her 40s worth even looking at, but robot frustration remains.
Salty virgin is shaming people for having sex hilarious. You can't read either you illiterate chimp where did I say that?
It's honorable to end your life when you are a pathetic piece of shit. Your sex life is getting mogged by 12 year olds so you are in fact pathetic and a piece of shit.
But you will live in misery instead of going out with dignity. Guess a cockroach can survive anything.
I don't care. You're posting about it, pretending you're real, giving to my delusional self the false expectations of maybe someday meeting someone like that and not dying alone.
If it would be a fairytale tier marriage with cute wife who would actually love me - yes. But we aren't living in a fairytale so the best I can get is a lying whore so I'd rather stay single. Real people suck and real women suck the most.
Shut the fuck up TRP retard go shill your garbage ideology somewhere else.
If you think having your first kiss at 35 is the same as at 15 you are delusional.
And it won't happen no amount of grinding and hustling or whatever garbage your favorite guru said is going to make women love you.
Idk everything else was just baseless assumptions seeming to be projection from your own life state so I just assumed you were talking about the humiliation of being a virgin that would make you want to kill yourself. Also you again repeat it in this post where you imply it is disgraceful to be a virgin.
But you can't even get that so you're not single by choice. At least not your choice.
Gave up. I'm too used to flying solo. Always have been. If you do have kids, make sure to have more than one. Being the only child of a single mom didn't set me up for success in relationships, to say the least
It is in fact humiliating to be a virgin at 26 while teenagers are having sex all the time. It means you failed to attract a partner while a literal child didn't so they are one milestone above you despite being half your age.
I love how you went from admitting to being miserable without a gf to pretending you enjoy virginity just to save face.
I get a little more "over it" every month or three.
I want a relationship and to find love. I'm not humiliated because I haven't yet found it yet. It makes me sad, but not humiliated. I'm not really trying to change your mind, you can feel miserably about it if you want. I again feel like for there to be humiliation involved you have to be putting a lot of weight onto the opinions of others, who again, don't give a shit about you.
What I'm saying is it's pointless to stop focusing on envy like this. Yeah your parents fucked up not raising you properly, look at everyone under 21 that somehow get their hands on juul pods and unlimited access to the internet and tell me they'll make stable, well-balanced individuals and not dopamine fried crackheads instead. No one under 40 is sane or stable, no one period is stable after COVID lockdowns made everyone crazy enough and possessed to harass hermit war veterans and still hurl insults after getting shot repeatedly.
I liked /r9k/ better when it was just /b/ for bored funny college kids, the fucking zoomers and trannies that replaced them are grating to talk to and stuck in their own worlds. You belong with the crystal cafe and psycho foids that browse this board.
I hate normalshits so much it's unreal.
Being a virgin while everyone else is having sex is humiliating.
Being single while everyone else has relationships is humiliating.
Being poor while everyone else is rich is humiliating.
You're the type of guy to be homeless sleeping in cardboard and then claim your life is good and "more money more problems". Pathetic, again I never mentioned what other people think of me you seem obsessed with this idea.
Kek
keep coping
Okay you can continue feeling humiliated then, good job.
Shocker, I know. Where do you think you are retard? Go back where you came from asexual tranny
You're expecting foids to have any rationality, this is what led to the current iteration of these problems.Baby boomers and gen X taught everyone to treat each other equally, everyone can attain the same corporate position but thats not anywhere close to reality. You don't let a woman call shots on finances or become middle management tier, you don't let a nigger or arab anywhere near your children. In turn you get brainwashed retards that go insane when reality hits them that the rest of the world and nature doesn't think or behave the same the backwards, suicidal way that the west does.
You seem to want me to feel humiliated too for some reason. Your only real explanation is "b-but everyone else is doing it so you should be ashamed and kill yourself". I don't really get it. You can fail at something without being so melodramatic about it.
why wouldn't you meet someone like me?
Well, I had 2 opportunities and I dodged them both so I had a choice. And since I'm not even trying now - it is also a choice.
Literally 90% of the creeps on to catch a predator were white while they make 54% of the population, poltard lmao.
Imagine wanting women that will turn their children into faghags for clout and view you with the same resentment and spite ingrained in her from other spiteful bitter catladies and predatory male feminists.
Asexual tranny freak doesn't understand male libido, hilarious.
Your libido makes you feel shame and humiliation? I could understand frustration I guess, anger maybe. Kinda weird brah
Asexual tranny freak with no libido wants to talk about weird.
You're right, I phrased that wrong. I meant "meeting, getting to know, and somehow getting into a relationship with".
Imagine having your self respect dependent on human interaction lol.
Imagine being the lowest caste in society and not having a problem with it
yes i am currently married and planning to start a family in the medium term, just need some time to focus on finances at the moment
Peak retard behavior to envy jews and psychopathic homo WASPs and their anti-white faggotry.
Hilarious it's usually low IQ retards and useless eaters who end up low caste so (You).
Nice good luck with everything bro. Dubs and your first born gets named Apu
lel, who cares faggot?
i still don't get it anon. what's goin on
thanks anon, hope you can find someone if that's what you want
Women do. You're so fucking stupid holy shit, a few moments ago you were crying like a bitch cause you get no relationships. Guess what pleb? Women don't want to date someone who gets no respect from others. People in general don't associate with bottom feeders like you.
there's more than one person in this thread megamind
what a stupid faggot lol
holy shit guys how are you 25+ and still posting this drivel, grow the fuck up. the level of discourse in this thread is embarrassing for men of your age.
twelve year olds with meme tourette, daww
Bruh, what caste? Are youbanned from somewhere cause you are a virgin? Are you bullied, laughed at public and wear a special mark so everyone knows you are a virgin? Just chill and stop being so thirsty. Yes, you will never get pussy you don't pay for, but it is not the end of a fucking world.
If I was able to act like a grown man I wouldn't be a KHV at 28.
Yeah dude just stop craving a girlfriend and just die alone like me broooo
- brought to you by the asexual tranny squad
Some people get stuck in their teen-age phase, they desperately want a gf and don't understand that their desperation is clearly seen and is the strongest red flag they are giving to females.
That would have been nice, but I don't want to be divorce raped and didn't have a high school sweetheart.
I don't know if I've given but I'm not on pace to have any kind of family or girlfriend.
Also
what can a 25 yr old schizo socially anxious NEET with only some postsecondary 2-year diploma in buisness admin can do to get a job? Should I just lower my standards to get whatever job?
the divorce rate is hovering below 50% so that means the majority of marriages last a lifetime
also a 50/50 coinflip shot at lifelong companship is worth betting half your shit imo, what good is that shit without a partner?
You people are like women with this mindset, jesus christ. This is why reiko and escortcel shills have free reign on the board and groom people into life ruining behaviors.
i somewhat agree but not him. i don't really care about money at all. what good is it if i can't use it to try and start a loving family
I'm a lonely guy that so starved for female attention that I keep making cringy posts because you keep replying to them. I should go to sleep.
asexual
I fap daily to keep my urges down.
I am not living in a first world country so trannies don't even exist here.
And yes, stop craving a gf cause you are not getting one. You are a grown up man, you know well that you can either whine, bitch, cope and seethe, or you can just say fuck it and find things in life that you enjoy and that don't make you fucking miserable.
not him but thailand is not a first world country and its the tranny capital of the world lol
You don't want to get any respect in society but also cry like a bitch cause no gf. You're the stupidest incel I've ever spoken with and I'm glad you'll die alone and miserable.
Even if you were good looking your manchild behavior would turn women off being smug about it as well just shows how deluded you are.
guys does it smell like nog here?
Who are you talking to? Where have I bitched about muh no gf? I'm saying we're living in the scourging grounds and everyone is some degree of fucked up psychopath from birth.
the way it is i'd probably like having my own mini me to witness him achieve what i could not, but not sure if i'd accomplish that, its not a priority tho
Depends on your situation. My country doesn't give gibs to neets so I had to work even if just for food. But desu if you are a NEET it is better to get at least something so when you find an actual job you will have at least some social scills that are not covered in rust.
guys does it smell like manchild in here?
I'm 42 now. I never wanted one. While I vaguely wanted a picket fence nuclear family in suburbia type thing, it was already clear as a kid in the 90's that was never going to happen, so I didn't invest much mental energy into planning for it. At the age I'm at now, aside from ethnic guys (mostly Muslim), all the men with kids and wives seem utterly miserable and stressed the fuck out. Although I rarely hear them complain about their kids, it's always the (usually ex) wives they seem really angry at.
A lot of trannies in Latin America too. It's not exclusively a first world thing.
Yeah but every girl I knew in highschool turned into a drug addict and the dating scene is fucking cancer right now
It is asia and is inhbited by bug people so I didn't even recall them desu.
keep malding incel you will die alone
that's cute anon
do want do want
the divorce rate in the US has been steadily trending down since 1993 and is now closer to 40% than 50%
What about marriages and open marriages? It seems that more people either don't marry to avoid loosing their stuff or live with whores who openly cheat. Well, more in comparison to previous decades.
hush you
bug people like me are cool
marriage is a bit of a spook for me desu
bwa hahahahahahahahahahahaha eat shit
eh i think i would be a bad father so no thanks. im not completely opposed to trying to stepdad a kid because then i can bail if its too much.
oh no no no wait for it
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I don't state otherwise, I just live in a 98% white country and all of the asians I see come here from china, so I wish all of them would fuck off and go back. We are way too different both in culture and looks and we don't need their shit here.
Only if she's Japanese otherwise I'm not interested.
I am a superior white male I don't care what people think of me.
Why won't anyone date my manchild ass broooooos what the fuck. WOMEN ARE EVIL BLACKPILLED AGAIN REEEEEEEE
why? are they your competition? some of us are just chillin. did you not get a red envelope for new years anon
Is he even white? He sounds like amerimutt.
I'm 26 and I desperately want a family, to the point I cry a lot of nights worrying over potentially never finding a wife to have one. That's my biggest concern, that there aren't really single women out there that are fit to be mothers/my wife and that's before you also consider that they have to be willing to marry ME. If I don't find a woman in the next year or two, I think I'll move to Japan and hopefully have better luck there. At least over there a lot of women will be dating me specifically because they do want to have kids with me since I'm white.
Only subhuman shitskins care about respect haha. People shit on me everywhere I go, I just ignore them.
I am superior to them I am intelligent!
Tfw too smart to get laid BLACKPILLED AGAIN GOD DAMN IT
I just don't like their shovel faces. Amd they don't want to assimilate: they speak Chinese, they hang out with their Chinese friends, cook their bullshit Chinese foodand they do all of that here, in my country. Why the fuck do you come here all the way from your bugmen hole and bring your bugmen culture with you? Maybe if it were japs or someone else I would be more tolerant, but good god I HATE commies cause they fucked our country, so I hate commie chinks with passion and want them gone.
Is that a thing in Japan? I thought they were somewhat anti-white. You might be thinking of the phillipines or thailand
What do you need to know about my situation to give a better answer? Also, like getting something, you mean like any job?
Look at these brown subhumans with their families and children. Disgusting, fucking low IQ nogs only care about resssspekt fucking monkeys.
Why do these vapid cunts date them instead of me, a superior white specimen known as a manchild? FUCKING CLOWN WORLD
25+ thread be bussin w/ schizos t'night fr fr
Of course, it's the thing humans are meant to do. But you've got to be lucky with finding the right partner. Since I can't find a partner at all, this isn't something I pay much attention to (despite my desires).
No, there is a decent subsection of women there who love the idea of having hafu babies. Obviously it is a minority but I'm placing my bets on the gain in number of women willing to date me from the lower average height will be greater than the reduction from women being unwilling to date a gaijin, so that my prospects over there will be better than here. On top of that there's just the fact that Japanese women aren't as entitled or mean. Some people may say they are just as bad and they just put on a mask publicly but even that is an improvement to the boss bitches in America.
i think it's just hot japanese hoes tired of fat weebs i doubt they'd turn down 7/10+ chads/brads
These fucking nogs only care about other people I am an intellectual.
WHY WON'T WOMEN DATE ME FUCK THIS JEWISH NONSENSE
not all of them are surely commies anon. i would procreate with one given he was based and cool and cute.
lol tantrums
I began my 'time to grind' stage when i was your age. Six years have gone by and it still gets worse.
Zoomers are chrischan lite. /r9k/ and /soc/ gives them a space to propagate.
virgin tantrums
Yes, any job. Basically you have those questions.
Are you in a dire need of money? If yes - pick any job you can get.
Does your culture look down on people who didn't work for long periods of time? If yes - pick a job so you don't have an empty work history.
Are you completely desocialised and have no social skills? If yes - pick any job so when you find a good job you don't fuck it up by not being able to talk properly.
If none of those things is a yes you can pick a job if it isn't hard/full time so you have streyan time to search for whatever your speciality is. Also don't be afraid to chek jobs in neighbouring towns.
You fell for TRP memes and now look like a dumbass. Congratulations.
There is a saying "while in Rome do as romans" or however it sounds in English. So yeah, if you come to my country I am expecting you to at least learn my fucking language. You can surely keep your culture, but you either inegrate into our society or you are not welcome here. We don't need or want chinese colony on our land.
We don't care about other people here stupid nog. Tfw no gf :(
You are a fucking Chud. You can't even get laid lol, if Pakis came to your shithole and turned your neighborhood in a Paki one you won't do shit about it. Poltards are so hilarious
most of the asians i have come across where i live integrate just fine. they learn the language, they have native friends, they work and they follow our laws.
they certainly do a lot better job of it than the middle easterners.
i wish i was taught my family's other language so i could be naturally bilingual. it is quite bullshit desu.
Language learning can be a fun hobby. Not having an accent would be cool though
lol lmao even
Well, we learn english here in school and my school was yood enough. I can imagine tho that english people don't get the same need to learn a language.
That's nice anon, i don't think I would mind them here if they integrated.
Facebook segregated me for being a certain genotype once their advertisements started and they were argued to be sex trafficking people to my location and I got sued. I'll never have a family lol
your family knew you were low IQ and didn't even bother
thanks boyo, your service is deeply appreciated
Given up. Its liberating. I don't enjoy life much still, but there's a weight off my shoulder. I won't go out of my way to help anyone and I'll kill myself eventually. I'm OK, honestly. Like leaving a movie early.
You can always move to India and be treated like a god, but you'd rather be miserable and kill yourself. K
Seconding this. I really hate these fucking posts, these unicorns. I'm tired of being thrown a piece of gold flake and being told to dig through nails to get it.
Just let me rot without inciting some semblance of hope, I'm so fucking exhausted.
Go away. Go talk to a guy in real life that looks like he's one wrong day from blowing his brains out. Make his day, month, year, life. There's plenty of those.
Don't come here in our place of venting to congregate and give us false hope. Give it in reality or don't show up at all.
Its a matter of principle. I'm not going to move to another country of another race, where those guys are struggling as well - to be fawned over by their women. Its the shit I disagree with fundamentally, since I wouldn't want to be the their position.
This world is simply awful and there's no real desire to be in it, whether winning or losing. Some people are just not agreeable with reality. I won't bend to it, I'll leave it to people who want to engage with it - for better or worse.
we all have accents, i got that southern drawl
it just kinda sucks
no they just disappointing >>73122145
no i go away. i'm trying dingus. i've been here for years though. what false hope :&lt;
Nah bro i hate kids
But you're not winning, ever. I don't think you can recall the last time you felt like you won so how could you tell?
Jimmy Saville said the same thing.
You have me a bit lost here. Are you saying I cannot understand what winning and losing feels like? We all experience these at some point in life. I can recall them.
no. at least not a traditional one. maybe adopting a kid by myself would be nice. if i were fit to be a parent.
So did Bill Cosby.
30 here
I couldnt handle a family long term
Im and uncle now and just seeing how much work raising young kids is is exhausting to me
I think I could do it for al of a week or two before having a mental breakdown
I need my own time to recharge, it is what it is, and with kids you would never ever get that
Wanting and having given it up aren't mutually exclusive.
I've always wanted to start a family, have kids, etc.
The reality is I had no success with girls when I was a teen, became a shut-in for the duration of my early 20s and when I finally came out of it, it was too late for anything, I had missed all the little life checkpoints everyone passes through.
Now I'm in my 30s, have a shitty job (that doesn't pay too bad for my country's reality) and every woman around me is either married or has kids, all of them have had multiple relationships (not even counting sexual partners, just relationships) and all of them have cheated at least once in their lives.
So, I'm back to the feeling I never really dropped: there's nothing out there for me.
It would be nice enough if we lived in a world with decent values.
I mean, having an average woman who is loyal, honest, not trying to fuck you over at every chance she gets, sounds nice even if things aren't always idyllic., we are humans, things get bumpy sometimes, but it would be nice if she didn't decide to go fuck 8 random strangers behind your back because you broke her favorite plate or some shit like that 
But, as you said, the best we can hope for are lying cheating whores, because that's all there is.
40+ boomer here. I moved to the Philippines and got a pure 19 year old gf. she cooks and cleans and wakes me up in the morning by kissing me all over my face. She wants kids after she finishes college but I'm not so sure I want any.
I basically did what TimK did https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZmz1b6CZn4 [Embed]
he is rly ugly
What makes me nervous about that is that she might be using me for a passport or out to steal my money. That's why I'm choosing Japan, where they don't really have those incentives and if we were to have kids it would be reasonable to raise them in Japan anyways (which is good because I would never want my kids to grow up in a shit hole like America).
I don't care to have kids really. I can hardly handle myself I wouldn't be able to raise a kid.
I want to but it seems impossible at the moment. All I can do is move forward and trust God's plan.
In what parallel universe do you live where men can adopt a kid by themsleves
God gave you a shit life where you can't even have a family lol. He hates you clearly.
japan
might be nice if you're under 30, but good luck getting a 19 year old cutie in japan when you're 30+. 40+ would be nearly impossible. 
I might never go back to the US. Many guys have lived here with there filipina wives for decades. I hate cold weather and the US is pretty lame in many ways. The karaoke, garbage burning, and rooster/dog noise sucks. But you can rent a house with a yard minutes away from a white sand beach for &lt; $500/month
He loves all of us. I decided to be 12 years celibate after making very dumb decisions in my youth.
Just didn't think dating in my 30s would be so difficult.
Go away stupid volcel you don't belong here. Fuck off go be a monk somewhere so we don't have to see you ever again.
Nah, I'll stay until I actually have a girlfriend.
And you will get told to fuck off every time you mention your volcel status.
Wish you a miserable life hope you die alone you deserve it.
Not 25 till August but eh, I like reading these threads
It'll be okay, I'm sure you'll do great
Also with medical advances as they are I think your odds are pretty good
Bros I had a mental breakdown when I was 20 and have been in a deep depressive episode for the past 6 years. How do I deal with feeling that I've just let my youth pass me by and now I'm going out of school into working without any friends and absolutely no life experiences. I feel like I'm going to have absolutely no friends for the rest of my life because I fucked up and didn't talk to anyone in college.
You know what you have to do
Are Traditional IRA not worth it at all? Or just not worth it for poorfags
My best friend became a betabuxx, not sure how to feel about that.
That's sad, my brother's friend had his wife leave him and he trooned out. It's really rough out there these days.
completely disinterested
could definitely see myself getting married in the future but never having a kid. yea there's the whole "why would you bring someone into this world" BS but honestly i just don't think i'd ever be able to handle it. i got the ole adhd/depression combo so i couldn't possibly put myself in a long term position to care after a kid who's life i'm going to shape. especially in this economy 
it also doesn't help that my parents are divorced 
I do want to but every step between me and that seems so daunting not the least of which actually finding a girl who can stand to do it with me
never really had any interest in that. bringing a kid to the world always seemed like a dick move to me. only times i gave procreating a serious thought i ended up having this urge to do it just to do it ''right'' by not making the same mistakes my parents did, which is exactly what my parents did with bad effect. also have no faith that relationships last. my parents split up early, my grandparents split up before i was born, i dont think a single relative i've met have been married or together for more than 20 years with the people they had children with. everyone from high school that i've talked with have divorced parents, everyone i've worked with who have children have split up with the mother of their kids and the younger they are the shorter their relationship was. people were even having divorces as i knew them, as if i have a curse you're affected by from proximity.
dunno if i could ever put trust in another human being like that when nothing around me makes me believe relationships last.
got to thinking recently tho that if i have anything to do with kids its either as an uncle if my siblings have any kids or maybe stepdad to a single child if i somehow find a woman i really like who happens to have a kid from before. had a revolving door of shitty stepdads myself so i'd atleast know what not to do.
Giving up
saving this thread... with no survivors hhhhh
Absolutely do not want kids and do not see that ever shifting, and were a stable romantic relationship to somehow magically be on the table, them wanting kids would be a pretty insurmountable dealbreaker.
I'm a flighty, selfish mess and will not be terribly surprised if I die fairly early, and I suspect that if I *do* live 70 to 80 years, civilization will have truly started to collapse by the time I'm an old man. I see no reason to bring a child into that, and certainly not specifically by my hand.
Also, it seems like it's basically just complete money-sucking suffering for the first, like, 16 years - at which point, if you didn't fuck up any of a million different things, you *may* have produced a decent human being with whom you can share a bond that actually truly goes both ways.
I'm 30 and still want a family tho I'm not actively pursuing it. All my insecurities derive from my upbringing and my lack of money. 
Makes it hard to approach women when you don't have the basics down like most of my competitors do. That being said I've been told by several women that I'm a "safe bet" and "good value"
I liked this bait :-)
36
House 
Good job
Dog
Fiancee, 20 weeks pregnant
Life is looking good bros
Also, knowing we have a kid on the way has massively shifted and stabilized my priorities in a good, healthy way. Knowing I need to raise our son and set a good example for him has completely crowded out my main intrusive thought/temptation, which is to constantly try to sleep with women (previously this was a difficult temptation because my job, location, level of physical attractiveness, etc., puts me in a position where sleeping with attractive younger women would be extremely easy).
You know niggers rape their kids as part of their upbringing, thats where the high rates of promiscuity start. Also all the recent pedophile arrests skew towards white baby boomers with lead poison brain and porn addicted zoomers alongside Asian rapists and 65 IQ africans.
Don't give birth to a son you're just cursing him to a shit life if you're a petite woman.
It's harsh but that's the world we live in.
maybe but the idea of infidelity and being left is very big and evil
Yes but also resigned to the fact that I'm almost 30 and its nowhere in sight.
I'm asexual, I can't have a family even if i wanted to
there will be tall genes too i think you're just projecting
I'm taller than average I simply see things for what they are. 
Petite woman giving birth to sons runs a risk and it's not fair to the child because the problems only kick in once they're older so those first 15 years can be great... it's what comes after that's his problem.
hmm well how tall are you
I'm waiting for the whole thing to collapse. I am tired of money
5'11 which is above average here in bongland but that's beside the point. 
Some short women will ignore short guys their entire life then not think twice about giving birth to one. It would be ironic if it wasn't so fucked up.
Yea, it's basically the only thing I care about, if I'm at my deathbed without at least 10 children I'll consider my life a failure.
I knew at age 5 at school when they asked what I wanted to be when I grew up, I wanted to be a father.
I used to try and reason with "childless" types, but honestly, if your genes allow you to be that retarded we're better off without you, nature has a way to regulate itself.
personally i'm hung up on a guy who's like 5'8"
I went from not wanting one, to wanting one, and now I don't want one. Women are all shit and I enjoy doing things when I want, spending my money on what I want, and just love the peace and quiet of being alone.
I've given up, but if by some weird chance I'd find a nice girl that likes me and fits my criteria I'd go for it.
i just pretend that i dont care and try not to live by societal definitions of youth and whatever milestones one needs to reach
i just try and enjoy being alive...
it's hard thoevr
I'm not interested in bringing kids into this gay world.
I'm only interested in polluting it with my bad, edgy youtube content.
https://youtu.be/nzvwIp-I3Lc [Embed]
I want a cute, chaste, loyal, and trustworthy wife to have my children. Bad. But having no social skills or real basic provider status in life (work retail) keeps me from meeting any potential quality women for that.
I don't know if I want a family. I would love to be with a loving girl who actually likes me for who I am, but I really doubt I'll ever get that. I'd like to know what it's like to cuddle with someone -- to be comfortable together with someone.
oh yeah, how many do you have?
35 soon, just work and go home play with cats and anime n Vidya
Where is my gf? 
I was going to go out tonight and try to make friends by playing magic the gathering but I can't be assed to go show and go out
Maybe next week I tell myself, maybe next week
Forgot my trip a rooo, yes it's me and I'm still here
Too autistic for any family, not even my own.
I can't be social long enough to live with others. 
My family shall be a doggy if i can keep working long enough to afford one. Therapist might help with me ESA or even service dog.
Dude I'm autistic too but became truck driver, now I got a car, apartment and TWO cats and so many drugs to calm me
Well, that's it, first post got it right.
I'm 34 and I feel both 16 and 60.
Nearly 40, I've long given up. But I suppose deep down I knew from my teenage years that I wouldn't have been a good husband or father anyway.
The older I get, the more of a misanthrope I become.
The older I get the closer I get to retirement age, at which point I'm going to become a heroin addict
Looking forward to that helps me get through life
At twenty-six, there is nothing in my life that I want more. The knowledge that it is an absolute impossibility for me is crushing.
25. Given up on having sex, a partner and even friendship. I just want my own place where I can be alone and do hobbies until I die. But I'm too riddled with autism and anxiety so I imagine I'll just continue to live with my mother and cope with that. I suppose it's not too different.
*too riddled with autism and anxiety to get a job
I meant to say.
Does anyone have experience with getting a job after being NEET since highschool for years?
29 y.o. 
Joined 4chan in 08.
My sole advuce
Unlike a lot of you wizards I got lucky and have good looks I just don't leave my house ever to put them to use so my problems with women are more related to not being able to put up with the fact they don't want to game 24/7 as opposed to them being turned off by me.
I'm a millionaire now, I promise you money will not solve all your problems there are plenty of days where I wish I could just not be autistic and have friends.
Money though guys money is the key, start an online business or a brand and learn to monetize it.
We live in a capitalist world, in a metaphor you will all understand right now you guys are playing final fantasy 14 and rping, it's fun but the Raiders who you are trying to fuck laugh at your gear score and lack of optimization.
The only thing you need to do is make more money then the average person and I promise you can get any girl you want, my current "situationship" is 19 and fucks like a rabbit.
Women just want resources nothing else, the sooner you swallow that pill the easier things get.
You can't transform into Chad, but you can become Elon and I'd argue it's a better position to be in.
Buy yourself GPT 4 premium, work with it to build a plan for a brand and create content from home I promise you when you start to treat capitalism like a game and grind for money the way we all grind for gold like Chinese wow farmers you will rise above wizard status.
It's important to recognize with autism you are literally a different breed of human, in my experience even if you get along with them you will never truly connect the way you want to, get yourself some money find an autistic woman or die alone you are better off than with a normie.
I did a normie relationship for a whole year, lived with the girl even.
You do not want to get dragged to dinner with friends every few days it feels like torture I promise.
I share the same fears about that
Seen too much shit
I really like the idea of having a family. But if I ever had a son that ended up like me, I couldn't live with myself. I don't think I'll ever try to have kids. Just in case.
I want to, but realistically I don't see it happening.
Sure women have a biological clock that makes them want to, but men also have to work in that time frame.
I'm 29 I feel like a creep if I look at younger women, and I have such a hard time telling someone's age.
Plus I don't have the income to start a family, so how am I supposed to convince a woman to marry and have my children?
So much of my self worth it wound up in how women perceive me, and I have to give up at some point.
It doesn't seem like women are trying either, they just just go about their day, I'm getting in shape and making real progress too.
I have a swimmers body now and I look around and the options out there aren't great
Lmao, I'm 28 , walked to the the gym today and I saw one of my old high school classmates with a small child (she's 28/29 too). I have no doubt she's probably a single mother, its a statistical FACT that most robots ITT literally CANNOT be a worse parent than single moms.
Throughout my adolescent years, I was firmly rooted in the conviction that my future would grow to reflect a picture-perfect portrayal of the quintessential Christian suburban family life. I would find love, tie the knot, and start a family of my own. I would be happy, and normal.
Now, though, I'm old and alone and paranoid. I can't stomach even the idea of allowing a single soul within the walls of my apartment. The thought of inviting anyone, even a skilled plumber (to fix the leaky faucet that has been plaguing me), makes me shudder. I would rather drag myself across a field of broken glass, entirely nude, than entertain the idea of someone entering my personal space. It has been over for years, and there's no going back, at least for me.
i want to find a loving wife but i dont want kids
someone that just enjoyed a peaceful life at home and no drama
