Every time I use public transport there is ALWAYS, without fail, at least one zoomer on the bus/train sitting there blaring out fucking Tiktok videos out loud. Often times they're not even in a group, they're just sitting there by themselves watching Tiktok bullshit with a vapid look on their face. What the actual fuck is wrong with them? Why don't they understand the idea that if you're watching/listening to something by yourself in public, you MUST wear headphones? Nobody wants to listen to your gay videos of trannies twerking to meme songs at full volume.
No other generation of people does this btw. It is always zoomoids, anywhere between the age of 16 and 25.
Zoomers' entire culture is looking like tranny hobos and not giving a fuck.
based zoomie making fags seethe
Show me the law.
Until you do i will continue listening to music on the bus without headphones.
The small ones hurt my ears and the big ones hurt the top of my head i dont like using headphones unless im like watching porn or something so i wont.
Deal with it.
This is also their culture, every action is calculated to draw attention (negative or positive, doesn't matter) to themselves
/thread
although that fits more with the younger zoomer crowd, not so much for people born in 97'-00'.
They are deluded and think their music taste is cool and they want others to hear it and be impressed by it (which never happens)
Zoomers imitate American blacks so naturally being loud and inconsiderate is par for the course.
I blast music in public on my phone because I'm hopelessly in love with music. I don't wear earphones or headphones because I don't want to be completely unaware of my surroundings.
Do I care if other people are annoyed by this? Not one bit. Most people smile at me because I'm not an ogre and look good while singing. I also happen to listen to music seen as "cool" by most people.
And you know what, even if everyone thought I was retarded for ir and I listened to ass music like weeb shit or vidya OSTs in public I'd STILL do it because I love music more than I could ever care about people's perceptions of me.
I was born in 2000 and i listen to music with no headphones on
not really i just dont like headphones the small ones hurt my ears and the big ones hurt the top of my head and i heard they also cause hearing loss im not going deaf for some rando on the bus lol.
you could just not listen to music you know? its not like you have to choose between going deaf and playing music out loud. you just don't care enough that other people are bothered and you're incapable of existing without doing something at all times.
Why is the concept of loving something so foreign to incel chuds?
you could just not listen to music you know?
or i just... could play music because i want to play music
They dont care about me why should i care about them and what bothers them?
If they got offered to shoot me in the head for a million dollars every single one of them would press the trigger with no hesitation.
im a zoomer, I've known zoomers. you know its true but you are too much of a coward to admit that you're afraid of your own mind so you constantly need distractions.
afraid of my own mind? hahaha nigga not everyone has depression or is somehow not content with their lives. Some of us just really enjoy them and I like being hedonistic and doing things that I love, such as partying or listening/creating music, playing with animals or working out.
You seem to think that music is a "distraction" nah nigga, music IS the activity. I don't merely listen to it, I savor it and enjoy every little intrinsic detail, it's like a mini orgasm, it just fills me with happiness to listen to music I love :D
Based zoomer.
Because you live in a society with other people you selfish shit-tok-addicted brainless niggerspawn. Civilization is built on the common good, not that degenerate apes like yourself could understand. But its fine, keep doing what you're doing and one day there will be consequences. (Fuck around, find out).
Just start blasting uguu anime
I feel your pain
Every time I am at work or in a public setting someone has to play music openly through some means and it is truly the most aggravating shit ever.
The worst part is you cannot say anything otherwise you are the asshole for ruining someone's good time.
Using active noise-cancelling headphones/earphones are a must nowadays anon. That said, I mostly observe millennials doing this crap.
You think zoomers have any understanding of how to function let alone be in public and NOT a disturbance?
headphonecels seething over speakerchads
I was at planned parenthood the other day and there was some black girl having a loud facetime conversation with someone the entire time I was in the waiting room while everybody else looked solemn it was funny 
Normalfags have 0 sense of decorum they have to be forced to act right or they just won't
