join group, discord or something, for a hobby
keep to myself because i know i'm unpleasant and a mess to be around
people still insist on reaching out
"oh wow! anon's so cool."
"oh wow! i want to know more about anon."
general fake friendly normie shit
start to open up a little more, thinking i can just be myself 
start to get on people's nerves 
largely ignored 
leave group because i've soiled it
join another
the snake eats its own tail
why does this always happen to me, and why are normalfags so obsessed with being "fake nice"? don't tell someone you like them and "gas them up" if you don't fucking mean it. 
why are you unlikable 
just a combination of autism and awkwardness. sometimes i think i've cracked a funny joke only to find that it hasn't landed well at all -- often been told i have a dad's sense of humor, and not in the endearing way.
Why do you have any desire to be around groups?
It's ok anon, being avoidant isn't the solution. I'd lower your expectations of other people, and keep trying/learning to socialize.
For as much self reflection you have, you're still retarded as fuck
Fake nice
It's more than likely genuine friendliness and them trying to make you feel welcomed, but no one has an obligation to put up with a festering boil of a human being, even if they are being "Nice".
Have you tried NOT being an unlikable pile of filth?
why are normalfags so obsessed with being "fake nice"? don't tell someone you like them and "gas them up" if you don't fucking mean it.
Tell me you're autistic without telling me you're autistic
keep to myself because i know i'm unpleasant and a mess to be around
people still insist on reaching out
"oh wow! anon's so cool."
"oh wow! i want to know more about anon."
I think that's the strat, anon. Talk less and only when necessary. Be that one cool quiet guy in the group. :sunglasses:
In all seriousness you might just need to find a server with better people in it. You also do have to practice until you get a baseline level of social competence. I'm still struggling with that righr now. Good luck, anon!
i play a lot of obscure online rp games in which you're meant to join a server to keep up with announcements and whatever else.
it's tough though, whenever i try i can tell i'm annoying people. 
with a festering boil of a human being
see that's the thing, i don't think i'm a "festering boil of a human being". pretty sure i'm not. i think i'm the human equivalent of a rock in someone's shoe, or a mildly annoying stain on their shirt or something. i often check my post history and all i see are -- what i said -- jokes that do not land well. these jokes are inoffensive...but the timing is poor and i can never seem to get it right. i'm just hideously awkward 
can you explain? is fake kindness simply a part of normalfag society.
So you are playing roleplaying games, where you have to do creative writing and stuff?
I started joining Discord servers and Twitter group chats and honest what amazes me is all the dick talks. Women going on about how they love sucking dicks, men posting pics of their dicks, it's just non stop. Even the SFW servers have this just without the pics.
it's a bit similar to creative writing, yes. in the past it was easier (and more enjoyable for my autistic ass) as there was more emphasis placed on your work/character. ooc communication was primarily through a forum format, and if you liked someone enough you'd move to skype, msn, whatever -- forums for me are preferable for communication as i have more time to formulate a response. 
anyway even now i often get compliments on my work, but people will eventually ditch me for someone they can have fun with as a person and not simply a "writer". it's pretty demoralizing.
You sound like you're pretty old if you're talking about forums in this post, but are confused about fake kindness in your last post.
is fake kindness simply a part of normalfag society.
Yes. It's your fault for taking it literally.
How do you get into Twitter group chats, or just make friends with people on Twitter in general? I'm not a Twitter user so I have no idea what goes on there. Please enlighten me.
Also I haven't really joined any servers where women talk about dicks all day. What kind of servers have you been joining, anon?
You seem really cool, anon. Maybe stop trying to make jokes and just be yourself :)
i'm turning 23 this year. i just discovered the internet from an early age, due to aforementioned autism plus bullying that stemmed from being autistic. i guess it doesn't help that i was raised by my grandparents, but i really don't fault either one of them, they're good people. 
well that's shit, why do they talk like that? why go out of your way to reach out to someone you don't have to?
What is it that you are looking to gain from this thread? People to reach out to you with discord or something? That's a possibility. If you want to just vent, thats fine too. But when you are confused by the fakeness of normalfags, you need learning experiences like the ones that you have had to understand that a lot of it is them and not you. It is all fake and it comes naturally to them
i only wanted to vent, anon, maybe find some solace in other people struggling with this. it gets so lonely kek
I don't get any use out of licking the wounds of others if mine won't be licked. Conversations here are too hollow and people are too dangerous, like losers who want to hurt their fellow losers. I have the same loneliness as you, the same improper socialization and have had my share of failed friendships
why go out of your way to reach out to someone you don't have to?
Common courtesy, it makes people more likely to reach out back but.... you're supposed to know it's not to be taken to heart
well that's shit, why do they talk like that? why go out of your way to reach out to someone you don't have to?
Feigning politeness, virtue signaling, racking up social points, feeling better about themselves when they do it. Just some of the reasons I cn think of.
well how do you cope? my life isn't too bad in other aspects, it's just the social part of it that makes me want to rope sometimes. can't even make friends online anymore 
you're supposed to know it's not to be taken to heart
how the hell am i supposed to know the difference between a genuine dm that says 
i love your work and i'd love for us to play together again 
any attention from you is an honor 
and fake ones though? these are direct quotes by the way
how the hell am i supposed to know the difference between a genuine dm that says
i love your work and i'd love for us to play together again
any attention from you is an honor
and fake ones though? these are direct quotes by the way
Just imagine them laughing while they typed them. If it sounds plausible, it's fake. Normalfags go through life just being happy and cracking jokes at each other constantly. They're almost never serious, but when they are, it won't make sense visualizing them laughing (in a playful manner, that is) while reading a "serious" message
I'm going to bed defeated at another person wanting care without reaching out towards others with the same pains lol
what does this post mean, do you want my discord? i'm not giving that out here
He hasn't responded to a single post of mine... I feel so ignored...
