More men are dying alone as virgins than they ever have in any point in history thanks to female "freedom", hook up culture, Chad's harem, and governments allowing (and sometimes even facilitating) it.
I'd rather die eating dirt and virgin than kiss some nobleman's ass and give him shit for free just for him larp as a badass.
you only say that because you're a modern """man""" 
serfs knew their place in the hierarchy and had no problem with it, more than that were grateful for the protection and security given by their lord
Not in history, just the last century
Ok bootlicker faggot. I would be spreading plague everywhere and poisoning wells if I had to put up with some uppity faggot threatening to burn down my mudhut.
Your describing the current times anon, just with the illusion that you can choose and with the add of incels. But I don't think the government system is to blame I'm this one, I blame the internet, and technology.
Why are you not doing it right now then? They just sell your mudhut instead of burning, because they get more profits.
You have never lived in a feudal shithole.
They arent uppity enough to push me.
I don't agree with how women are currently being brainwashed. I'd rather see them brainwashed to behave like Christians instead of this make believe "free will" shit (free will is fake) that's going on right now that brainwashes them to be whores. wbu?
When did religious people in the West decide "We need to stop brainwashing our children and respect their free will". Because your opposition sure doesn't believe they have free will.
More men are low IQ retards. How is it possible to be a virgin in 2023???
By being short, fucked in the head, ugly or any mix of those.
What exactly is the reason, unrelated to your looks, you can't date the women you're heavily attracted to? Pray tell, I love a dancing clown.
What do you think attraction means, dumb fuck? There's no reason to be a virgin.
this isnt even true. in ancient egpyt recent evidence suggested only 23% of men had sex
Did you? Humans will be humans everywhere on earth.
Higher IQ than you.
Women are only attracted to the top 5% of men. Women are attracted more to dogs and horses than to your average Joe.
I have Asperger's syndrome and I'm over two standard deviations to the left in height. In human terms, I'm short and retarded so I have plenty of reasons to be a virgin.
you contradicted yourself. try again, retarded "virgin"
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. So dying alone is not that bad since people who do so go straight to paradise.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
Jesus, men need to die
Capitalism and moral excess are the cause. Nations are in a race to the bottom in terms of who can most effectively exploit their population for the power of the state. This isn't by design, just natural selection on a huge scale between nations. 
The idyllic, moral excesses of things like feminism have created millions of confused and depressed men in the west. Treating boys and men like they are defective females has created mass confusion, anger, and bitterness. This extends even to women since they don't understand why they don't like a relationship dynamic they consciously feel they should. 
The only way past all this bullshit is to not get lost in the sauce, step back, and see the big picture. Only then can you live well despite massive environmental pressures encouraging misery and isolation, especially for men.
...You do know that the most revered scientist in Physics, Albert Einstein was an aspie according to forensic psychology and he had supergenius level IQ, right? Please don't tell me I have to spoonfeed you basic Asperger's facts.
I am immune to propaganda.
Spoonfeed me the fact where autistic people have an average IQ of 70 and there's literally a concept called autistic stimming where they just do retarded noise and self harm shit. Einstein also was a manlet and had sex with hundreds of women, you're proving my fucking point.
yeah, that bothered me too
should say lithe 15 yo virgin
You are already putting up with a multitude of uppity faggots threatening to consign you to a slow death by starvation. Why don't you do something about it.
I wonder how many new discoveries will be made in upcoming years to prove that being an incel is a natural thing and you should work more for free like people always did.
this includes the possibility of staying with your first, which is what I did. 
others can be as trad or liberal as they like, I don't care.
We can still have a post industrial society function. It will take a return of true Christianity to accomplish this. Evil must be punished. Feminists make a good target. Then one other group that seems responsible for harming families and lives of common man. I'm sure you can think of one or two. Abolish no fault divorce and ending gibs will go a long way to fixing things. As things are with affirmative action and prefential treatment of women they are essentially prostitutes for the government.
both of those sound like shit but at least in the second I can become a capitalist myself
that's the lie they tell you in order to keep you compliant, anon.
whitoids are natural born cuckolds.
Kek, you're a slave right now to the government. The lack of self-awareness
i literally am a capitalist so no its not a lie. just sell something normalfags like
You are a lower level merchant. "capitalist" in the context of comparison to a medieval lord, would be someone who makes their wealth (actual wealth comparable in scale to a lord) through movement of capital.
What you are describing is moving of goods, so you're actually in the realm of a merchant.
so unless im jeff bezos or own multiple factories im not a capitalist? I dont think you know what the term means
Nice hyperbole. I'm trying to level with you and be reasonable. 
The context of our conversation is the comparison of capitalists to medieval lords. Those capitalists that make lord level income are doing so entirely through movement of capital, not the creation of goods or selling a few things here and there in a storefront on ebay. 
So to answer your question, no you don't have to be jeff bezos, but you have to be as I described, someone that makes their WEALTH purely from financial transactions and not transactions of goods. What you are describing as selling things normalfags like is no different than a medieval merchant selling trinkets in the market.
I apologize if you took offense to this
I welcome my death and the chance to know true peace. I am not afraid to die early.
Dying single not virgins
As if virgin and single isn't a synonym for men.
so this girl in pic related, who is doing exactly what i prescribed, is the same as a merchant?
this is both a strawman and a hyberbole
No single means you have no gf atm
Virgin means you never had one ever
Ok, I guess you're a capitalist lord. I'm just a nigger and too lazy to argue.
actual submissive sissy
you havent studied history if you really think thats the case.
You retarded cum-swallowing faggot, if you work you kiss your (((boss's))) ass and if you're a NEET you kiss the ass of the government agent that approved your fake disability claim. STFU. Have you considered going to a Canadian doctor and telling them you're depressed?
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
retard, men were may more disposable in the era when human wave tactics still existed.
prima nocta never existed you clinically retarded cum-swallowing faggot.
The only people who see being a feudal serf as appeals are useless, skill-less retail wagies. Anyone with any amount of skill or ambition would be suffocated by serfdom.
Why should I give a fuck about moids dying? Stop committing 97% of violent crime, then maybe I will start giving a fuck, otherwise your deaths are a net positive to me and women everywhere.
Women deserve what they get for fetishising criminals and serial killers
This. It's just RULES OF NATURE. Women would still want ugly men to perish if rape and murder rates become zero. The niggas commiting these crimes are always married or have baby mommas except the minority of incels shooters so women seem fond of people like these over ugly non-violent incels.
Indeed, you were born to serve. Posts like this are only completely sure to do so for that matter.
NTA but I'm passively suicidal every other day, and am here to enjoy the NEETdom ride as a leech while it lasts, right up until homelessness hits and I crawl up somewhere to die. No conflict of interest! I came close to dying by terminal dehydration in the past, and it was pretty epic.
doesn't exist. they are all violent scum.
Take the "1/3 of days are feast days" out of the meme because weekends + 15 days = 1/3 of a year.
However your meme still holds true. Serfs had it better than us wagies. Shieeit, even a house negro in the antebellum south had it better than a 1st world wagie in 2023.
This. Poor people should never complain again. They have it easier than women.
Lol anon this be a thing for 1000s of years in human history
Most men who ever lived never had kids and died a Virgin. At least this time we have porn and sex toys to cope.
They didn't even had that
going to heaven after i
die, after we die
everything going to be different, after we die
we ain't gon be
hungry, ain gon be pain, ain gon be sufferin
wont go thru this
again, after we die, after we die owooo!
owowoooo!
after we die, its all gonna be good, have all
the money we
need after we die, have all the food we
need after we die
have a nice house like the rich folks, after
we die, after we die, after we
die, we can live like rev ike, after we die,
hallelujah, hallelujah, must be
just got to die, just got to stop living, close yr
eyes stop
breathin and bammm-O heaven be here, you
have all a what you need, Bam-O
all a sudden, heaven be here, you have all you
need, that assembly line
you work on will dissolve in thin air owowoo!
owowoo! Just gotta die
just gotta die, this ol world ain't nuthin, must be
the devil got you
thinkin so, it cain be rockefeller, it cain be mor-
gan, it caint be capitalism
it caint be national oppression owow! No Way!
Now go back to work and cool
it, go back to work and lay back, just a little
while longer till you pass
its all gonna be alright once you gone. gimme
that last bitta silver you got
stashed there sister, gimme that dust now broth-
er man, itll be ok on the
other side, yo soul be clean be washed pure
white, yes. yes. yes. owow.
now go back to work, go to sleep, yes, go to
sleep, go back to work, yes
In defense of Musk tho, even some of the most exceptional people couldn't do half of what he's done even if you gave them an emerald mine
