I HATE IT ALL I HATE IT ALL. I HATE BEING A WOMAN I HATE BEING FEMALE I HATE THAT I'LL NEVER AMOUNT TO AS MUCH AS MEN. I HATE THAT I DON'T KNOW ANY MEN I HATE THAT I DON'T HAVE A BOYFRIEND. I HATE MYSELF. I HATE THAT THE CLOSEST I'LL EVER GET TO HAVING A PENIS IS A PIECE OF MY ARM STAPLED TO MY VAGINA. I HATE THIS I HATE EVERYTHING I'LL NEVER AMOUNT TO ANYTHING BECAUSE I'M A FUCKING INADEQUATE FEMALE
In case this isn't bait, you need to realize that this is the cards you were dealt and there is no changing that. Embrace what you have instead of wishing your cards would magically transform into better ones. Embrace your feminity and become my girtfriend. Thank you
1) youre retarded 
2) you must be ugly
3) youre still retarded 
not having a vagina is way worse ((hypothetically))
my room looks like that holy fuck
Kek this sounds retarded
if you can't amount to anything as a woman you'd be homeless already as a man
sorry
theres a guy i really really like but i think he might be actually gay. and i think i don't actually want him i just want to be him. i want to be as masculine as him and i want to be as tall as him and i want to have all the skills he has and all his friends and i want it all i want to be him. in the past i've yearned to be a mt just because I WANT TO BE MALE.
and there it is folks. the central thing. she put all that other fluff nonsense just to hide she is getting fucked rawdog like a turdwhore by a tall abusechad.
dumb bimbo slut whore moron insect
amateur
I'm 6'4 and intelligent
how do I find this
I'll be praying for you and manifesting positive change in your life. Sorry you feel this way.
but im not getting fucked thats the problem. i want him to abuse or just do anything with me anything with him would be better than the never ending loneliness i've felt forever that might actually just be gender dysphoria
hey OP grass is greener on the other side. i am not a tranny i am cis male but i have powerful vagina envy. i wish i was born a woman.
i dont care rancid cockroach turdwhore
You would kill yourself after 5 minutes in the body of a man(with the same height and attractiveness level.)
Why don't you want to be nice wife and mom?
lol
BLACKPILLED AGAIN
people
we're not talking about vague nonspecifics dishonest moron turdwhore retard, we're talking about women.
we're not talking about the top 50% of attractive men, dishonest insect cockroach turd eating shit stain, we're talking about the top 5% of men in physical attractiveness.
If they found a husband then its impossible to be lonely as a woman.
Stop looking trying to chase men WAYYYY out of your league like 6'6 MINIMUM but preferably taller,100k+ a month income,8/10 face at least! and he must be... and he must be.... etc.
And you will find a husband INSTANTLY.
yeah but its easy for you. just send him messages you want to be him with, hit him up. most men, 75%+ say yes. or find a chad in your local area, its easy
you live life on easymode, you worthless hole. accept your position in live and embrace being a women and live your easy life
if you are disgustingly ugly to the point no one wants u, u are simply in the bottom 1%, and girls will settle for anyone in the 99%, but attractive men stand out simple as that
"dysphoria" is just sexual paraphilia developed as a desperate cope for a male who fails to meet the bare minimum of masculinity necessary to have any influence over his own environment and life
power
the tranny overlap with autism and other mental disabilities isnt a coincidence, these are men who inherently fail to be men, who cannot be normal, and when they readily recognize such, it severely stunts their mental development, and they fail to self-actualize or crystallize any type of goal-oriented or individualist thought
youre just powerless
even if you were a man youd just be a pencilnecked porn addicted autist
dick is not what gives a man power
you want to be a man solve problems like a man, go punch a wall
he's not out of my league though, I just mentioned height since it is, in my opinion a masculine trait, at least in my eyes as a petite (short, thin-ish (bmi 20)) woman. He's a little weird looking, and socially awkward. he just might be gay.
anyways i just now prayed to my altar unto god to bring us together.
see you over on /lgbt/, bro
post tits xx thanks
sister you need to take advantage of those cheat codes you were given at birth and live life on tutorial difficulty mode
I'm sorry that you're having a rough time with the de-transition my man.
Female code for giga chad with slightly eccentric choice of style.
I love being a woman. I love my voice, I love my face, I love my hair and breasts and vagina, I love my soft skin, I love my agile capable hands, I love my connection with nature, I love other women, I am humbled by generations of women that came before me and the sacrifices and accomplishments they made to afford me the opportunities I enjoy, I love connecting with and uplifting other women to discover feminism and female empowerment and learn about all the ways you were wrong about what being a woman means. You have to want it for yourself though
When you're a 5'3" manlet like me you can't ever be a woman and can't ever feel like a man
Women are disgusting
it could be worse, you could be a very short guy and left with the same type of thoughts of "i hate being short why couldn't i be 6'5" etc
Short guys get more pussy than 6'5" guys though.
hahahahaha *breathes in* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Honestly if you can't handle being a woman in 2023 then you should just kill yourself. There is no group of people in the history of humankind who were more privileged or had it easier than modern women.
other side of the noose humblebragfag
Said no one ever
KILL YOURSELF YOU SUBHUMAN FUCKING COCKROACH FAGGOT I HOPE YOU BURN AND HELL.
YWNBAW
Grass is always greener on the other side OP. and trust me, this time it really is.
Handsome men have it wayyyy easier than ugly women.
If i could get rid of my pussy to trade it for becoming a "Chad" i would.
Sadly thats not possible with current state of technology i could just become a ugly infertile incel if i transitioned which would be even worse because i would have surgery scars everywhere and couldnt have kids and i would still be ugly.
Lol what no they don't idiot. A handsome man still has to work himself to death even if he is a dark triad type who is selling drugs or something. Even the most ugly woman could shack up with a man and never work another day in her life. The only reason they don't do that is because they're all incredibly greedy and obsessed with getting more status.
I wish I was a girl instead of a male
But that isn't happening, sadly
i realized today especially just how much your perspective of things can change. for example there are amazing things about being both male and female. and how much you love your own position depends on your perspective. and it can change like that just by seeing something or realizing something.
tranny hands typed this post
post voice
