It's beyond over, bros. Arranged marriage in 2023 is no different from tinder
Delete this thread or I will show up at your door in Canada
I'm not from Canada SAR
You really want to redeem a visit from me? Fine
Muslim girls nowadays only want BWC dudes.
Tinder was always arranged marriage but with an algorithm as the matchmaker lmao
I'll cook you a nice meal if you turn up, okay?
Not even, I know good looking relatives of mine who are married
Yup and either way, it's over for men if they aren't tall and handsome
Just b yoursslf chuddy
Lol how is that even possible
How can it be arranged if the woman can reject you fucking imbecile? Arranged implies the parties don't have a choice.
Arranged marriage is not forced marriage
This >>73126995
I'm also muslim and my mom tried to arrange a marriage for me with this ugly girl with an okay body but we both (me and the girl) have to agree and I said no
t. high standards volcel
No, in all arranged marriages a woman can reject the suitor, she is just discouraged from doing that traditionally, but keeps the right to make that choice. So those 14 girls preferred to be seen as bitches by community that to lay with op.
What's your race?
Yeah but even that doesn't happen anymore
I'm from Djibouti so east african I guess
Are you Somali or afar?
somali
orginally
I'm sorry anon... That's some shit. Thank you for being a doctor though, may allah bless you in the afterlife.
You're welcome, bhai
My mother has been pestering me with talks about arranged marriage recently but seeing as she and my father are divorced I do not feel too keen on that idea
I want to find love myself
Also, like 90% of our women are ugly 
I deeply wish I was part of a race that had cute girls..
What is your race? You sure it's just not self hatred paired with white worship? There are ugly and pretty in every race
I'm Somali
And it's definitely not self hatred 
I truly have only seen a few Somali girls I'd consider pretty
Goddamn, what the hell happened? I thought being a doctor would have been the silver bullet for an arranged marrige??
lmao women prefer chad over a doctor with american citizenship
its over panjeet , go the path of your fellow countrymen and attempt rape(in minecraft multiplayer role play servers)
What about westernized somali girls? Some of them look surprisingly good, but...unislamic(?), like I've seen them in tight-fitting "religious" clothing.
Pic only slightly related.
Wow, it's crazy because I always thought Ethiopian/Somali women were among the prettiest I'd ever seen 
I was having this conversation with my dad and even he agreed that looks > money now
All the girls I'm going for are also American too. I could probably easily find one in Pakistan
So just good makeup skills paired with hijab then?
Spend one week in central Minnesota and you will be thinking otherwise
Makes sense. Most Somali guys are incel tier.
reer xamar cadcad girls are pretty doe
But most cadcad fathers wont let their daughters wed black somalis
In the west maybe but in Somalia they're normal 
I guess I'm technically a volcel cause I rejected that girl
The only reason why you're aren't incel back home is coz you niggas ain't competing with white chads
why not kill yourself anon?
Umm, no.
