How is this femcels fault that we arent attracted to most moids?
I'm sure that's how biology works sis
not like the mother has any impact on the genetics of the offspring
their male Y rapesome makes moids fugly
Yep, there's no denying it, we need full on feminist eugenics right now. Only tall, intelligent and handsome men should be breeding for the next 0 years.
you spelled " NIGGERS " wrong
yet another originaal comment.
Kek.
I guess we have to back to raping then.
It's men's fault letting foid bitching have so much power, to the point of completely subverting the society, including the most important shit that runs it. The basis of society is chad embracing incels to together accomplish greater things he can't do alone. Women played little part in the creating of complex technological society. They don't want to be involved in any of this except to enjoy its fruits while fucking chad. This is why a the gynocentric society we have today is so weird. Women deep down have zero instinctual drive to involve themselves in properly running it. That is to say, working with incels, and in exchnage giving them compensation and recognition. This is why the society is collapsing. Nothing to do with women: Their animal instincts are totally understandable. You can't expect for them to act on reason. It's the men who fucked up by not realizing this and coming up with a way to account for it. Thanks for coming to my Chud talk.
t. Chud
"We" 
Nigga you got a dick what you talking about
I think we all should be friends
Ugly means visually repulsive,most men trigger no response so cannot be considered ugly. Foids are just severely mentally ill.
I'm a virgin and neither of those but all the men I've seen with tons of women fit that description. Makes you think.
Thats an interesting point. Men fucked themselves up by being evil, lol
Its really karma after all
And I'm not even a rightoid.
Women should be allowed to rape any cute guys they want now as payback
now realizing all soft boys were bred out and now Im gonna kill myself
They still exist but in general yeah, 95% of men look like ugly balding ogres due to their rape ape gene.
They mostly turn into trannies and get fucked by men or by each other because girls went for masculine chads instead.
Ive chased hot trannies and hooked up with some but most trannies end up wanting bottom surgery anyway if they are serious enough to be that cute they are usually serious enough to eventually go through with it. Im technically bi but I want them to have a penis.
Most women naturally prefer prettyboys and always have. The ideal male, from Ancient Greece until the 20th century was always a beautiful young man like Adonis. 
When they go on birth control or become single moms, thats when they start liking abusive masculine men.
Case in point: the country with the lowest use of hormonal contraceptives is Japan. Japanese women like pretty anime and kpop boys. The countries with the highest pill use are Northern Europe and America. Unsurprisingly, most Northern European and American women like abusive thugs, criminals and meatheads.
Holy based kek
There was a shit ton of pederasty of male boys in greece too, sure you're not projecting your gay boylove onto women, faggot? Only prepubecent girls and fags like kpop.
It's not fair to be so shallow, you roastie. I may not be attractive but I am NOT abusive or a bad dude. Just shy and reserved...and fat. Why be so shallow and angry?
Go to literally any Asian country and girls and women 12-60 are all fawning over boy bands.
Why are ugly grug moids so insecure and embarrassing, sisters?
I'm not doing shit faggot, I'm just going to assume you're a projecting pedo until you actually back it up with anything other than pyschosis.
Kek. Want a banana, incel monkey?
I'm sad these bait threads work on people here
This is the percentage of the age groups in a survey given to 1500 kpop fans. The numbers are the age groups. 
https://kasioda.com/k-pop/kpop-idol-questionnaire-2022/
Oh look, now there's a pedo AND a tranny, what a surprise.
hes just seething cuz hes a post wall malding haggot
Rape ape is just seething bc now its socially unacceptable to barbarically rape women
Lol, maybe the guys you interact with. Clearly no chad or tyrell such as myself has ever given you the time of day.
Only beautiful young men should be allowed rights. Post 25 haggots should either be put in wagie cagie battery farm jobs for the sole purpose of providing taxes to women and their younger lovers, or be put out to pasture and made to work the fields.
lmao, dangerously based
But you are attracted to abusive men.
I would have agreed with you but when you women spammed the 2% conviction rates i think you unintentionally provoked more rapes.
but what hurts more? radfem opinions on r9k or le real life rape trauma kek
That's false. People need to stop saying that shit. It was more common before, but no way in hell were men just raping whoever.
Thats the result of the patriarch reinstating that the barbaric and abusive behavior is masculine and desirable to young insecure women who fall for the trap that men made. All your woes are because of your own gender, moid.
You are an abomination of evolution, gtfo foid
Yeah, I'm sure that men collectively decided out of thin air to conspire to psyop women into finding abusive traits attractive. That sounds like a sane take
The truth is, all women are born lesbian. Women become attracted to men later on, out of evolutionary need for resources and protection. But its not genuine love or attraction, women just think they need and desire men because evolution tricks them into thinking so.
It's really the opposite, a few high quality males would reproduce with a high number of women 
Most men never reproduced at all
Rape has produced a relatively small number of people 
Which you would know if you weren't a retard
I dont know any women who are dating men that physically abuse them, you are either delusional or must live in a trailer park.
Says the gender only evolved for brute force violence and have brains that dont even fully develop until well after a female brain has. Go contribute to the betterment of society by working harder and provide more like ur supposed to. Average moid cant even provide for a female and their offspring. They sit in their moms basement working a shitty min wage and blowing all the money on anime girl figurines and jars.
Why are you posting on imageboards if you don't know how to read?
What will i gain if i do? What's in it for me?
You just told me it's because women are impressionable idiots who don't know what they want.
Rape was never a primary reproductive strategy.
Non-beautiful moids shouldnt even be allowed to be speak.
men doing that in itself being karma for when males were just disposable simp resource collector bugs for woman queen or something because she was the one with the egg. but because it was men who had to gather stuff and build shelter, they evolved strength and intelligence while all fat ugly females did in the meantime was eat and fuck the winners without care. it's a cycle.
It's the opposite, retard. Birth control makes women like less masculine men.
I agree. I also think that non-beautiful foids shouldn't be allowed to speak either because I'm not a double standard having hypocrite like you
Women's brain finish developing sooner because their only real function is to act as baby incubators. Your fallacy is that it takes men longer to develop their brain to the same level as women, when really they take that extra time to fully develop into humanity's true form, you are simply a weak and submissive imitation of peak male form. Your only purpose is to get fucked by men, who are the true torch bearers of civilization, and whose light you are lucky to bask in
No it doesnt retard. Fembots and cc/lc users who are virgins prefer pretty boys. Only nasty 40+ single moms prefer hairy grugs.
Im saying they exist but its not as common as u retards say and the ones that do are because of men being irresponsible fathers (ie daddy issues) Personally in my social group if one of us was dating a really bad guy we would all be very worried because we arent insecure teenagers anymore.
I am a 330lb man and do not speak much because of my crippling anxiety
No, women can do whatever the fuck the want. Moids exist to look attractive and beautiful. Ugly moids deserve hot lead implants.
Speak to any &lt;25 year old male and that alone will prove my point. Not that I expect you to understand, moids self awareness levels are catastrophically low.
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23528282/
Nta but you're retarded. Birth control works by tricking the women's body into thinking it's pregnant already. Women prefer masculine men when they are ovulating, when they think they're pregantn they prefer weak, provider men
Yawn
You get to scratch your instinctual hard wired provider itch and help women feel safer in a world that is increasingly misogynistic. And if you're lucky you'll get to move up the line of potential suitors. 
Pic unrelated.
Peak irony. You're lucky that women are cute, because otherwise you'd have no use. Artificial wombs can't come soon enough
Ok then explain why are masculine men are disgusting stinky and ape like
LMAOOOOOOOOO
least retarded supposed woman
Because you're probably young and/or on birth control. You sound like the typical 19 y/o femanon into twinky guys
I thought you incel pedos are all obsessed with muh prime teen pussy vghhhhh. Funny how you switch the goalpost whenever it doesnt suit you.
You can cope all you want but at the end of the day, you're just as bad as the incels you hate so much and you know it. Actually no, you're even worse. Because at least the incels know their place and don't expect anyone out of their league. If your male equivalent went within 30 feet of you you'd throw up. What does that say about you?
Who said I wanted some young person, I've always loved truly feminine women since I'm not a little bitch boi, pic very much related
That sounds like a horrible deal. Why would anyone say yes to that?
I wonder why
The beauty standard for vulvas literally hairless prepubescent pink child pussy. Pedos that refer to darker and larger labia as roast beef flaps cant comprehend that labias darken and grow during puberty and there is absolutely ZERO correlation with how promiscuous the woman is. So all those incel pedos are quite literally saying they like kid pussy and thats the STANDARD visual for vaginas in media.
Moids eternally btfo.
it's "tolerant" by locking everyone up and regulating everything to hell. Nothing of significance can be done other than walk the carefully curated paths they setup for people unless lucky enough to be born ultra rich or in power networks. All avenues to power are far more guarded to prevent competition now than anytime ever in history.
Post tits or gtfo tranny. Orligarny
A preference for masculine men is shaped by environment. Women who live in poverty or in war zones are more attracted to masculine men. Women who live in peaceful wealthy societies are more attracted to pretty guys.
It says that moids give absolutely 0 effort and this retarded world made it so that moids can get away with looking like a dead sewer rat. 90% of all males could use some makeup. Their testosterone and disgustingly thick facial hair fucks up their skin so bad. Especially because you apes think skincare is gay.
Japan is the only country to ever be nuked and it's full feminine men.
Most men i see outside have clear skin and meh to good hairstyles. You live in a warzone i do not know how sudan got internet but they don't represent most men. girls need to up their trolling game
Sounds like you hate male features as a whole. Have you considered that your hatred for men stems from repressed homosexuality?
Men say yes to that literally everyday. Only something like 20% of men reproduce and its not the moids choice anymore kek. You were born to be stepped on and cucked, accept your place as the inferior sex.
t. Bald wrinkly fatass
Their penises are even shaped like mushrooms to scoop other mens sperm out of a womans vagina. Men are literally cum shovels, kek.
But men have needs, anon. And when their needs are not met, they stop cooperating. If you want men to be women's slaves, you gotta do it right. You can't train a dog without any treats
It's ok to like girls anon, no shame in that
Yet when real lesbians say theyre lesbian 
And you're gonna let these people dictate your identity? I think you can do better than that
Im saying when real lesbians say that moids respond like that and when straight girls say they just arent attracted to 90% of moids because theyre disgusting they say u must be lesbian.
If you find 90% of men disgusting and are only attracted to those who look like women, you're probably a lesbian. And if you are a lesbian, you shouldn't let homophobes discourage you from being true to your sexuality
We've been over this cucky, useless disposables don't get treats, provide for a women, pay your taxes, ask women if you can help with anything, let her cry on your shoulder about how much of a dark triad asshole her bf (but he fucks SOO good) is. And then maybe you get a treat.. or maybe you don't. You aren't entitled to anything except being a loser male, cucky.
This nigga trying to speedrun french revolution 2
Im going to laugh my ass off when the atf busts in to take these little faggots pea shooters and the bodycam is going to catch these incels fapping to drawings for all to see kek! Can't wait.
You appeal to authority yet spit in the face of the values that said authority operates on. Ironic
Yes but all that is true
Yeah
If beta men don't reproduce, in the future there will only be alphas and wannabe alphas, then things really will get violent
Beta males are born to raise Chads bastard like good cucks
If you're here on r9k you're probably ugly yourself, no beautiful well adjusted woman spends her time here being toxic.
They were born to pass on their genes, like all creatures on earth. If the beta reproductive strategy doesn't work anymore genes for it will disappear.
What women look like doesnt matter, having a vagina makes a person inherently valuable. Males on the other hand are entirely disposable.
cope, ugly women can't get love or relationships from men, they are just used for sex as slampigs. Maybe they're valuable if all you want are kids and you have no standards, but most people don't want the hassle of raising children. JFL how badly you have to fail if you are a woman and you still managed to end up on this site.
until only a few decades ago, for thousands and thousands of years women experienced involuntary sex, even in America until 1865 there were black concubines in the south
crazy that we keep getting more and more feminist when women's rights today are unfathomably more extensive than they were before all the feminist waves
Men cannot love, they are only good for looking pretty, and if not, to the meat grinder they go.
A historical 5% reproductive success rates says otherwise. Men were born to provide resources then die in chimp wars before age 25. Truth hurts, sorry scrote.
as a woman do you disagree with my plan to have state mandated abortions of all male fetuses for the next 30 years?
Seems more humane to just euthanize all moids over 16 who haven't had sex with a women in over a year kek.
that doesn't eliminate as many males from the population as my plan does, but I'd be down to implement both
No, they should be born and then when they are of age women get to pick the most attractive ones to have as bfs and lovers. The ugly ones get sent to mines, made to work and provide taxes etc, so that the women and their boy lovers never have to work a day in their life.
Ok, so when are you planning to off yourself to show loyalty to the cause?
Just came to here to say that YWNBAW
I fucked a prostitute a month ago so..
nah but the mass abortion idea would be far better for eliminating an entire 30 year generation of men rather than just a few men today
Prostitutes don't count, actually now I'm putting you to the front for being a pathetic degen.
lmao every woman will tell you 90% of moids are ugly
Best post ITT.
This is unironically a good point though
Men are going to get so much more feminine looking as women continue to exercise their choice of mates more rigorously - guys are all just gonna end up flat chested, tall women with dicks
Anything else is cope
