My wife doesn't allow me to put my textbooks on the shelf in the living room. She says they don't belong there and her friends would consider me a weirdo if they saw those books. But apparently her "Shades of Gray" and similar trashy erotic novels are perfectly fine for our guests to see.
why are you married to a bimbo whore
at least i have a wife, masterbater
Why did you marry a dumb loose woman?
your wife is a retard turdwhore.
dumb whore you are the man of the house show that bitch what youre about and smack a hoe once or twice
I think I'll pick jerking off over being the beta who lets his wife tell him what to put where
you fuck chickens
all women are retarded, retards
your wife is a retard turdwhore insect bowl of toilet water
you have to tollerate a certain amount of things you dont like 'bullshit' if you want a relationship with a femail
Weak bait, btu anons will fall for it nonetheless
no, your wife is a retard turdwhore insect bowl of toilet water
your wife is a turdwhore cockroach insect fecal smear bowl of toilet water fetid festering herpes sore garbage heap trash pile shit stain
Nope, that is just you who has to
I personally would not want textbooks on display in the living room because they are a "work" thing and the living room is for pleasure. that's why novels are OK but not textbooks. I also wouldn't want power tools to be displayed in the living room, for example. put them with your work stuff.
its common behavior, you mennonite
no it isn't retard moron idiot cock sucker faggot. only for ugly short retard men who can't arouse their wives
implying having a Carl Friedrich Gauss is equal to having a CNC welder table in the living room 
having soft rape erotica is totally fine tho 
rope femoid
i am a married man and i would not want my wife's textbooks in the living room. however if she made a fuss about it I wouldn't push the issue, just my initial preference.
women are very particular about the 'order' and 'feeling' of a room. youre literally a non functional handicapped mentally for life bigot maggot nigger double nigger nigger cock sucking retarded bug eating fagtard
of a beta
nope if you're not an ugly little manlet retard simp cuck cum sucking bitch faggot pussy moron idiot pissant peon, they keep their mouth shut and focus on sexually pleasing you and keeping you happy. if they start getting uppity, you're an ugly little faggot they're using
nice psychology data there, have any studies to back that up chief ?
women are very particular
When they deal with a doormat, sure
you drive a jetta 
many women have this behavior and youre highly inept/irrelevant if you disagree
its called not being a compelte selfish self centered cunt rag, hoochie pong venice beach long boarding drifter weed hippy.
shutup rancid turdwhore toilet water shit stain fecal smear insect cockroach trash heap garbage pile fetid festering herpes sore moron retard idiot bimbo
muh studies
kek, do you have any studies to prove that women typically love their husbands?
You're her doormat, grow a pair.
what kind of textbooks anon?
