I have never liked this cunt and I don't know why everyone is so obsessed with him
Everything he does is cringe
I really don't like him but I can't deny that he makes me laugh. Definitely big narcissist energy.
i don't like the fact that i know what this screenshot is from
His absurdist humour and the memes of him were alright, but since he stopped making his 30+ minute advice hydewars videos (which he deleted and put up on his website for greed) I've lost interest and enthusiasm.
It's all just scripted bullshit. 
And then he plays it off to an extreme where it becomes absurd. It sounds like I'm listening to niggers repeating the same sentence every time. 
Just annoying
I have seen almost none of his content and I have been on here for years. Why do you seek him out just to get angry at him? Then you go and seethe at everyone else too.
You got about 10 seconds to show me that hole, cause this gorilla dick daddy's hungry, and if you don't blow me right I might KILL you.
everyone? isn't he like very niche? He's just popular in circles like these because he's a chud favorite.
I know very little about him other than the meme of him getting blamed for any mass shooting.
True, dark triad retards like him disgust me. Taking advantage of weak people isn't the same thing as being interesting or cool
You just made a thread about this cunt you don't like while complaining how everyone is obsessed (and making threads) about him.
I'm not going to shit on you, that is the point.
Sammy at this point is basically the Heel, like wrestling, the heat makes him famous.
Sammy is also a great vtuber, the way he feeds the parasocial illnesses on the schizos on the board.
/tv/ is having this big spike in posts because of Sam, a big chunk of it a poster spamming how he fucked a tranny once or how he fucked a 15 year old once.
Let's say that's true, but that doesn't matter, the guy posting 24/7 about Sam and giving him heat is what matters.
He's generating so much heat it's affecting the mentally ill.
I'm pretty sure the guy talking in this video has never met Sam in real life, this video is a showcase of parasocial obsession.
I've seen people on discord do this but with vtubers, lol.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVHDKlJc68Q [Embed]
Wrestling and it's concepts are the best and most refined ideas to achieve notoriety in American culture, Sam started this, and Andrew Tate and Hasan followed.
tl;dr: its just showbiz
I don't. I see his shit constantly getting spammed
I just want to watch scuffed realtor and now my Youtube recommends are ruined by stupid fucking fishbowl reality show clips. Plus didn't he groom a teenager and suck a tranny?
Why does he look like Karl Marx now?
His "advice" videos would be taken down by YT for breaking rules of service constantly iirc
yeah, he's unanimously worshipped on this site, but i never found him funny. not even when he was on thankscomputer
HEY WISE GUYS WHATS THE BIG IDEA WHERES THE ICECREAM IN THIS FREAKIN JOINT
https://youtu.be/9zBShMOJfh8 [Embed]
Whatever you say, hasan.
Maybe on Pol, check the fish tank thread on /tv/ everybody is calling him a psycho pedo.
lmao.
It's the opposite of this https://youtu.be/hYa7kRs9c7w [Embed]
Sams is okay but the persona he puts on is annoying after the 30th time he does the exact same skit with different stuff. I actually think nick is funnier because he is more genuine.
Yeah zaggots discovering reality tv that millennials grew up on is annoying.
he's dropped off
also he hangs out with keemstar now
He definetly has that 
Aura. So cringe. Art hoes have this and I hate it
Because he's narcissist like >>73126432
said. You can always tell through their actions how they view and treat other people.
He has his moments but behaving like a sperg manchild can only be funny for so long.
I've only seen some short clips on youtube of him giving advice but he seems alright.
Generally just says stuff anyone with two brain cells to rub together should be able to figure out but he's usually not wrong, from what I've seen of him at least which isn't a whole lot.
You know nothing
That's not true anon Harley trained with Sam and has boxed for idubbz twice subsequently 
Froggy got kicked because he made a joke about Anisa's onlyfans and Ian is a cuck.
Sam inserting himself into all of this is just self serving, his beef with Ian is all manufactured drama for his own fans
Sam didn't make fun of Idubbbz for calling himself a puppet master because he thinks that being a controlling manipulator is bad.
Sam is pretty funny and based.
Most people that dislike him are stupid.
Remember when he bravely crossed state lines to fuck a teenager.
his sketch show was ok
but every clip of him afterwards is omega cringe
just a guy telling losers what to do, it's absolutely pathetic, vomit inducing even
I hate every single one of these people who make careers off telling people what to do (Peterson, Tate, this guys, the indian guy on twitch etc.) just life gurus in general. I would like to kill every one of these life gurus and everyone who listens to them. They are all disgusting creatures.
I find him funny but I dislike him because he's a far-right loser
I never really got the appeal. The memes people make of him to troll on Twitter (shootings, ghost of Kiev) are hilarious though.
Then again I find this "he calls out the jews/triggers the libs/whatever other political nonsense wets your willy" reasoning that some people have for liking certain comedians (including Norm McDonald) to be very infantile. Cumtown said far worse things and they get a pass for being genuinely hilarious (and also lefties, to be fair).
he was funny from 2011-2017
if you still watch that faggot in 2023 you are a zoomer
I liked his standup and MDE 
That is it
Yeah, see that's what I'm talking about, this fake e-beef shit is hella cringe. It was funny when he troll'd animetards and ted talk though and the guy smashing glass into that girls face on his show was ok, but he's pretty much a has-been now.
Does his advice really hit that close at home for you?
It wasn't fake for Ian. Which is exactly why Sam prepared for it and pulled a switcheroo and somehow used that to catapult himself out of the brink of complete irrelevancy
is it true that he had copulation with some 16 y/o girl when he was 33?
i think hes funny as fuck but he is definitely a narcissistic faggot
this fish tank shit reeks of mid life crisis
