you will never live in a place like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QytjUFgcmWw [Embed]
Why even live man. Imagine waking up everyday to see stone and glass towers everyday instead of beautiful shit like this
stone and glass towers
Yeah because there are none of those in Japan, are there...
imagine waking up every day to this
at least there is something aspirational about the big city: i'm not huge on it but you can't deny that there's an awesomeness to 50 storey high scy scrapers
try wallowing in the piss and filth of the endless post industrial suburbs of the uk and they're often inescapable if you work or live near a major city
at least american suburbs afford you a real house even if they're """soulless""" you get four walls, a garage, a yard, and enough room to do your thing without having some chavvy spawn next door screaming at z o'clock
Summer time!
I wake up and spend 24 hours in front of a monitor. Who cares? If you want to wake up and see sights like this you can get that in almost in any country if you go to rural areas like Alaska.
You forgot the 800quids/month for the privilege to live in the horizontal commie block
just live in aslaka bro!
you said yourself you don't live in reality you didn't need to prove it
I don't live in the US. I have no idea what your rural snowscape areas are, but I'm sure they exist. They exist in shithole Canada. Pull your head out.
you still don't get it retard pull your head out faggot
most people literally cannot live in igloolik they need these things called jobs and amenities
there are reasons they make tv programs about people who go and live in total buttfuck nowhere
moreover why on earth do you think that's the same as >>73124156 (OP) ? are you literally blind?
lmao I literally took this picture some 30 minutes ago on my daily morning walk. Sucks to suck, senpai.
That looks like a vacation-spot or tourist attraction.
I live near a forested mountain area and taking strolls there all alone during different times of the day is a lot of fun.
One of my most impossible dreams is being able to design and build my own town/city 
Built to be a comfy and genuinely good place to live
isn't it insane that the people who do design towns and cities either don't want to do this or literally cannot
Why makes you think that looks like op? Did you miss the river with a big embankment, the cute cultural buildings, and dense snow? You basically compared a garden to a rainforest.
What's stopping you, exactly? I'm finishing up my degree rn and gonna apply for a work visa immediately. Tokyo will be where I start, just for ease of transition, but the plan is to move into the countryside after the Japanese boomers die and it becomes clear where outside of the city it's sustainable to live. Helps that the population decline means housing is mega cheap and is only going to get cheaper. If you were to buy a house in Japan today, you could expect it to LOSE value over the next 5-10 years. 
But anyway, my whole point to this is that there's nothing stopping you from living in a place like this except you being a lazy faggot.
Why makes you think that looks like op?
It's spring time, of course it's not going to look like peak winter. The point of my picture is you are a retard if you think it's some some sort of superhuman feat to live in Alaska, the Canadian far north or Scandinavia. Not to mention you don't even need to go that far north to go to a snowy wonderland.
That doesn't look anything like op either. I think you're missing that there is more to it than just "snow". I don't think op is under the impression that Japan is snowy 365 days a year. The point is it's an aesthetic culture rich environment rather than a cold utilitarian materialist hellscape.
I have a WFH tech job so I can theoretically work from anywhere in the world, but I can't go to Japan because I do not have a university degree. If you don't at least have a degree, I've been told that its very hard to be allowed to live in Japan
an aesthetic culture rich environment
It's a tourist trap, and you can even see how once the cameraman moves away from the commercial center the buildings become more normal, more boring, but whatever floats your boat. It might be a cool place to visit, but if we're talking about waking up every day to beauty, I prefer my peaceful forests and northern lights to crowded streets. In any case, if I can go all the way to the frozen north and make a life for myself, what's stopping OP from going to his little meme town? Apart from being a massive faggot, that is. He can't say they don't jobs and amenities this time. 
So go do university IN Japan. They have student visas. You skip right to being in Japan, and get your foot in the door. Specially because college students over there start job hunting during their last year, as opposed to after graduation. Gives you an entire year to get a job so you can stay there.
