Did incels exist back in the 60s? What did they look like? I can't find any evidence whatsoever of creepy losers from that time, everyone seems to have ended up with someone back then
Incels didn't even exist during the 2000s you unfuckable retard
Incels have always existed, it's just in our faces now because everyone is so interconnected. Most men throughout history never had children. Some men had literally dozens of concubines while the majority died alone and untouched
Most people are focused on themselves, why would they go out of their way to document a creepy weirdo aside from being in a police state run by commies? There are a lot of things happening you don't see, you ever seen an atheist turn down a paid holiday day off?
invent political category
project it backwards into time
retard
It's simply the modern day term for it. Of course there were always incels, it's human nature
um actually virginity is a polical party heh checkmate retard
???
Infant mortality, wars, famine, and disease caused this, you fucking retard.
so what did they actually look like back then? I'm trying to fulfil an art commission where a beautiful betty draper-esque housewife is blackmailed into fucking a teen incel but I have literally no frame of reference to go off for the incel. It's meant to be as degrading and unpleasant as possible, will happily share the finished images with anyone who can help
No because back in the 60s everyone did everything together they were fucking like rabbits not like zoomies these days jerking off to cartoons alone in their bedroom
Throughout history, yes, a lot, the 60s probably not that many as today, but you would never see it in movies and stuff since those are not meant to project reality or the reality of an incel. But the reason for being less incels on the 60s would probably be for social pressures for marriage, focus on marrying young and more socializing, if you get locked in your room on the 60s you would be bored, so people went out to party and met more people in real people in a personal level. But have met a few old femcels, so I think that men just had better chances back then and were more valued.
The topic of incels came up with my dad once after that Idaho stabbing and he told me about a guy he knew in his 20s (so the 70s) who he said had "something wrong with him" (upon providing a description it was almost certainly autism) and talked about how he never got married or a girlfriend, lived a lonely existence in a small apartment by himself, had horrible work ethic/did nothing and "would go on rants about women" to his coworkers, which apparently upset all of said coworkers because they were all married men.
Apparently, this caused him to be shunned at work and he became estranged from other men as well. Eventually quit and "don't know what became of him after that"
Back then it was only the men with mommy issues that were incels
Incels have always existed but there population peaked during the beginning of civilization and now. People in this intermediary period either forced women to become property or slowly started losing grip after the advent of sexual revolution during the later half of 20th century. It was good at the beginning but with more connectivity it meant Chad hoarding women. I live in a turd world country which is in the beginning of that phase and the most subhuman of people used to have decent GFs long ago but i see it changing everyday with only the chadlites atleast seen with women. No fatfucks or shorties and tinder isn't even that popular here amongst the poorfags which is the majority.
They died in the war lol
They didnt make that big of a deal back then, I think they were just low test so they didnt care about women, hence why some called them eunuchs. The bible says there are literally castrated men no longer into women, and there are men who act as if castrated (volcels) for the sake of purity. There was no porn back then so they prolly dedicated their lives to science
make him fat with glasses and a stupid haircut. like Piggy from the 1960s Lord Of The Flies movie. or Ignatius Reilly from covers of a Confederacy Of Dunces. or like Marty's dad out of Back To The Future with more flab. jesus no wonder AI is eating you people alive, you may be good with a brush but you have zero imagination
