I've was raised Catholic, yet upon further investigation on my uncle's part it turned out I'm at the very least 1/4 jewish and we come from a long line of Sephardic jews who "converted" to christianism so as to not to get assfucked by the spanish inquisition.
I was baptized, and am allowed to partake in communion, I don't really know any hebrew, the only yiddish I'm familiar with came from this cambodian embroidery forum, but I am circumcised.
Would it be wise to convert and have legal access to khazar milkies? Any advice from jews here or people in a similar situation would be appreciated
you are a circumcised american retard
Would it be wise to convert and have legal access to khazar milkies?
kek
I've was
esl retard
based OP, fuck cucknglish
it's a language to make fun of
oy vey, while your mutilated phallus has no chance of getting kike cunny, I have the means and willpower to fight for my birthright
I'm just plastered anone, I can't spell right even in my mother tongue
poor shitskin take
wh*Toid sissy cope
kek
yeah im coping with my condo with food in the fridge unlike you who prob has no fridge
implying americans are lightskinned
Retard cope stemmed from years of regret after importing nigs to fuck your women, just like the french
I have your mom feeding me
it turned out I'm at the very least 1/4 jewish
Meaning either one grandparent was Jewish or
since it was an uncle 
2 great-grandparents
"converted" to christianism so as to not to get assfucked by the spanish inquisition
First, no Christian would say "christianism". So the LARP fails there.
Second, the Spanish Inquisition ended in 1834, 189 years ago. No Jew has been worried about the Spanish Inquisition for 8 generations, so there is no way you have great-great-great-great-great-grandparents that converted to avoid them.
2/10, best I can do
well sephardics didn't speak yiddish
but in any case i'm in the same boat as a sephardic convert castizo so let me know how that works out for you, i've thought about it since i have nothing to lose by becoming jewish
there are quite a lot of niggers here, yes. but the majority is still white
i have your mom as my slave to pay for your bills
no Christian would say "christianism"
keke
No Jew has been worried about the Spanish Inquisition for 8 generations
No, but that doesn't mean they converted back to Judaism. All this comes from my grandpa's side, jewish descendants kept marrying among themselves, even though they hadn't been practicing jews since the 1800s (although some of them might've been, Idk)
the thing is that my uncle got his portuguese citizenship, so maybe that could help me out in the long run. I'm hoping zion can fill the void with khazar milkies and a belated bar mitzvah
even though they hadn't been practicing jews since the 1800s
You know what you call "people who have been Catholics for 8 generations"?
Catholics.
You're like a Lutheran or an Atheist saying "Wow! I learned that back in 1550 my entire family was Catholic! Should I learn Latin?"
Or a Baptist saying
"Golly! My uncle told me that 2,000 years ago my family was pagan! Should I abandon electricity, running water, and modern medicine?"
It's not the same thing, I could get an Israeli citizenship if I went through EJA and submitted my family tree having at least 8 generations of jewish ancestry even if they weren't practicing jews anymore
Abandon all reason, convert to Islam.
