Are any of you in a femdom relationship of some sort? I would like to hear some stories or experiences
Yeah I'm currently in one with a single mom. Known her for a few years now. But it's mostly over text, sometimes we hang our and she makes me get on my knees for her
I hope you die british scum
https://derpibooru.org/images/2270355
https://ezgif.com/split/ezgif-4-7d9d474509.gif
Yes. I have been simping for a beautiful femanon for over a year now and we've become quite close. Haven't bought her anything in a little while but have spent quite a bit on her in total. She is an amazing girl.
we should make a general about femdom and call it the femdome
Not really, but I sexted with a femdom a few days ago. We'll probably have a more intense session sometime soon. I have very mixed feelings about femdom desu, I find their personalities to be insufferable, but that's sort of what makes it hot. I feel like letting them take advantage of me is a vent for self hatred and my rage at the universe for being so fucked up, like I get to just release and accept how fucked up everything is for a bit ya know
So what triggers barneyfag besides MLP?
I am currently and it has devolved into complete abuse and fear. She has everything on me and I feel like I'm trapped and there's no way to get out, she basically acts like a yandere but replace the murder aspect with legal threats and bullying/harassment.
Fucking hate this autistic barneyfag, ruined a perfectly good thread
Agreed, someone should make a new thread, won't be me though too lazy. If someone does I will post my limited experience
That you could've spent developing yourself
But you didn't do any of that
I want you to die some brutal fucking death
One where you'd get knives plunged in
They will be invading your bodily cavities
And it also causes the organs to be punctured
Meaning life would no longer be in any of them
They just aren't built to survive stabbings
There's no way to survive your death either
You just weren't gifted with such fortune
No, this death would just eradicate you
So that you would belong with the dying dead
You will be sleeping with the skeletons
Who you'd end up dying with
What an annoying faggot, you seriously bought a pass to spam this shit
They had all died before you
And you'd be with them after your death
Yes I'm currently in a long distance femdom relationship. I take care of her and we cam pretty often and talk every day.
So it's just some dumb collection of skeletal bones
From the corpses who have passed
Some of them may have died peacefully in their sleep
But others not so much
And they are all linked together by this one defining trait
That they are all fucking dead
And won't even be coming back to life
You're bound to be that way too
Are you simping for her as well? It makes me feel like shit when I simp bro
And so this fucking death would catch up to you
And then you're within its reach
All it takes is just that one final moment
For this killing to happen
And that would be it for you
You sacrificed all for whatever you think will be worth it
But will it really be worth it in the end
That is a question you may have not asked yourself
Where is the tangible gain
It looks like there isn't any there
You were really focused on trying to look epic
That you didn't actually accomplish anything
Given your very limited knowledge
And your vapid motives
Both of which make a hollow being
And with no real accomplishments that you could boast about
Instead focusing it all on this
And believing that it's supposed to make you intelligent
Depends by what you mean by femdom relationship. I have a regular relationship outside of the bedroom, but we semi-regularly incorporate femdom into our sex life. I'm willing to answer questions but I'm not writing smut
Any foot slavery/puppy play shit? Id love to be a dog for a sexy femdom
No puppy play but we've done some foot stuff. I'm not sexually attracted to feet but it plays a role in some other fetishes such as tease and denial during foreplay, or bored and ignored type play. Footjobs while she's texting or playing games on her phone. 
We also accidentally found a convenient position where she lays on her stomach with her feet together, while I eat her ass in a kneeled/slightly hunched over position, which allows me to fuck her feet at the same time. I like eating ass so we do that pretty often.
Man thats so fucking hot. Has she ever cucked u or considered it? Seen a ton of anons say femdom is the gateway to that
Kinda, but not really. We first met on tinder and at the time we were both just playing the field and we agreed on being FWB's. During that time, she was sleeping with other guys, but I was sleeping with other girls. I'd sometimes ask her for details while I'd eat her out and she'd tell them to me. It largely preceded our ventures into femdom and because I was usually the better fuck, it didn't really take place in a humiliating context like a regular cuckold experience would.
Since starting a real relationship with her though, we did agree that we could see other people (albeit with rules such as having to ask the other partner for permission first) but again, this was open ended and was more of a swinging thing than a cuckolding thing. She's had a female fuckbuddy since then but no men.
There was also one time where she started sexting an online friend while I ate her out, which was pretty hot. 
So yeah we're not really opposed to it, but it's not something we've actively sought and probably won't. We're both bisexual so we're more interested in threesomes than cuckolding.
Fair enough man. How were you the better fuck? Biggest dick or just technique? Need advice desu
