And that men don't date fat/ugly women like us?
eat a salad you pig hahaha
Bc fat/ugly
picrel is not true. every human passes (male or femanoid) if they take care of themselves. of course fat=subhuman and does not correlate.
It's the same thing with you, fembots. Cope with it, retard, if you are ugly you will be alone forever.
this. you could make the girl indian, black, put her in clothes, but women will always only lust after shirtless lean charismatic abusechad
A fat girl was begging for a bf in a thread the other day.
She abandoned the thread without responding when a guy offered to be her bf (he even had his own house too).
Figures. Girls just pretend to be lonely and desperate on this board because they want to fit in and then they bail once they get their reassuring validation guys would date them.
people like pretty people
why is this so hard for people to get? no shit nobody wants to get with you if you're an ugly fuck. don't start bitching and moaning about people not liking you when you look like shit. and don't start thinking you have to be a 10/10 to get someone either, but don't start expecting dates if you're a 3/10
Robots ghost me as soon as I send my pic, no point
How fat are you orijimaly
Babe Ruth struck out more than anyone else on Earth in 1923 and he was one of the most successful and famous baseball players of all time.
You're letting a shit guy who ghosted you prevent you from meeting a decent guy who'd stay with you.
Either that, or you're just using it as an excuse and just want reassuring validation that you could pull guys if you felt like it. Depends on how honest you're being.
Moids are actual subhumans. Every man from the moment he is born is a violent mindless animal with only the thinnest veneer of civility as an aesthetic flourish. 90 percent of all murder, violent crime, rape, and road rage happens because of men. All wars happen because men want war. Mans greed leads to his own demise.
Whereas we are kind, motherly, judicious, civil, orderly. And offer great wisdom. Society is awful because it is ruled by men. There are no good men, only evil men.
I would know, my own father raped me from the time I was 10 till I turned 18. He was never put in jail, never prosecuted. And no one did anything. And when I tried to tell people he just beat me harder. Men are actual subhumans who pretend to be nice on the surface but are just monsters who hurt people and nothing more.
This is why I forced myself to become a lesbian and stop liking men.
origidesu
forced myself to become a lesbian
Weird, I watch lots of lesbian porn and don't get why anyone would need to force themselves to be into that.
Girl on girl is objectively hotter than all other configurations.
You are right but you are also weak. Thanks for spreading my rendition of the meme around anyways foid
forced myself to become a lesbian
stop liking men
why are foids attracted to men in the first place? seriously, why? the male body is not appealing and their behavior is, according to you, subhuman
father beats daughter
she attributes her father as all men
Just kill him in his sleep you cowardly faggot
crystal cafe is down the hall to the left. your father is a monster btw.
I have no mercy for fatties, sorry op
Most of it is a BDSM type of thing where girls like to feel dominated by someone bigger and more aggressive than they are.
And part of it is hormonal stuff making them attracted to the way men smell or sound when they talk or look at them.
The kind of stuff a woman can't do as good of a job providing as a partner since she's female and can't really be taken seriously as an imposing father figure type.
tfw realizing a man will never love the real me because he views me through the lens of a scrote and just sees me as a walking pair of boobs an ass and vagina and also will always want me to act in a pseudo mommy role sometimes and yet will always hold an air of paternalistic superiority over me even when I'm more knowledgable about something than him because he was raised with the world kissing his heels while I was raised in the servant class (female)
Tfw this bitch is boring as fuck so she only has pussy to offer. Women are retarded have you talked to women? Stupid idiots.
Girl on girl is objectively hotter than all other configurations.
True. But my stupid lizard brain still found men attractive for a time.
 but you are also weak
A moid wrote this. Moids only respect strength and nothing else.
Stupidity, and biology I guess. Luckily I've grown out of it.
It wasn't even just him. I was groped by my gym teacher basically all semester whenever he realized there was no one around. I had two boyfriends, both of which cheated on me, and one of them was physically abusive and hit me so hard that it left a bruise.
Literally this. Men are actual subhumans that treat us like breeding cattle and nothing more. All the civility talk is just bullshit they say to lure you into a false sense of security.
By men you mean Chad right?
No matter how fat and deformed a woman is she will still easily be able to find a man.
2 headed mutated brown demon with a 6 feet tall healthy white husband in pic related.
Every "femcel" on here would reject that guy though because he doesnt have blonde hair and his facial features arent supermodel tier.
its like that but for korean women or maybe jewish women
and i know thats true, because im not even loving on a black women
I had two boyfriends, both of which cheated on me, and one of them was physically abusive and hit me so hard that it left a bruise.
i choose shitty men to be around, heres why theyre all evil
Do a flip faggot lol
you'd have to be retarded to give personal details to someone you met in an /r9k/ thread.
For my next and hopefully final girlfriend / future wife I just want someone I enjoy having around who enjoys being lazy and listening to music and maybe going on walks on hiking trails with a pet dog we raise together.
I'm in my 30s and don't want a "mommy."
Will probably go through okcupid or plentyoffish and am waiting until I get titanium teeth put in (scheduled an appointment for this Tuesday so I'm excited about that).
Yes I am a moid and that was my point
Might makes right and we haven't gotten to the point where women will be as strong as men, evolutionarily speaking, and we probably never will
It's our world until there is no more world left
I met a girl off /r9k/ before though.
That guy looks fat and is a solid 4.5. Incels are delusional kek.
you'd have to be retarded to give personal details to someone you met in an /r9k/ thread.
No one is asking for your credit card details, moron
personal details
It's probably just a throwaway discord tag.
Not that different from online dating. At some point you need to take a risk if you want to meet someone.
n-no u
Greetings from Kazahkstan.
I'm sorry you had those negative experiences with men. I am basically the male version of you, except my negative experiences were less severe, as was my reaction in terms of generally hating women. We should become friends so we can mutually heal our understanding of the other sex. I know you are a lesbian too so this btfos any doubts you have about my intentions. I will forcefully heal and befriend you so we can both become better people, I'm sorry anon but you have no choice in the matter, we are now friends
Never said he was a 10/10
I actually said the opposite that "lonely" "femcels" would probably reject him because he doesnt have above average facial features.
Which you prved by saying ewww hes only a 4.5 out of 10
Learn to read.
I'm not like that though, I can like someone for something other than their looks, just like most people can, male or female. It's true I don't like fat women but your weight should be entirely under your control, failure to control yourself or realizing being fat is unhealthy is a sign of a brainlet. 
Also I've seen a lot of guys date fat girls before, rejection is a lot harsher for males.
Lose weight, hit the showers, get a clue
I've also been physically abused by moids. Fuck all of them they're garbage. If I could gun every single one of them down I would.
um can we meet somewhere secluded so you can gun me down
Femoids can't even remake golden memes in a competent way.
they dont want you though.
They want 6'6+ feet,10/10 face,100k+ a month income etc. guy to stop being shallow and settle down for them not some ugly incel from 4chan.
Yeah fat is a deal breaker
I like brunette rat girls though
Femoids love to project
The beatings will continue until you until you learn your place in society
I'll take a "story that never happened" for $3.50
I know, it never began for us :(
