I've been on this board since 2017 and I've only seen two, count em', two threads of real femanons saying they've fucked a black guy.
Why is that so? Are they ashamed to post about it here? Is it really rare? or is it just cause the average femanon is racist?
Black guys are drowning in white stacey pussy. no time for lesser fembot pussy.
I don't have anything against black people but I would not ever date a black guy.
its not rare, they just have to keep a public face. I was fucking a girl for years in a swinger relationship, whenever dhe posted a pic of mr she would take it down within an hour and replace it with her white public face bf.
So you're just not attracted to them?
If that's how you want to put it, yes.
Most black guys arent going to touch the girls that post here with a 10ft pole (or their 10 inch black cock). They fucking the creme de la creme of white women.
Nah, you would if they even gave you the time of day. Youve deluded yourself with narcissistic cope that you dont find black guys hot because they have rejected you so much. Shattered self-esteem.
How should I put it then? lol
Is it their behavior, culture?? What is it bruh damn
Its this >>73123464
Ive seen women doing the same with white Chads too. Pretending they dont find them attractive and that they have no interest in them. 
The reality is the Chads rejected them so hard they have to cope by pretending they rejected them. 
MGTOW is kinda similar.
No I wouldn't, you don't speak for me. Only project.
Plainly put, I would not ever date a guy I didn't consider to marry, and I would never marry a guy who couldn't give me children that resemble me.
You are basically using racist as an insult, that makes the word loose it's meaning.
Why would you care if the femanons or anyone is in an interracial couple? If they do it's fine, if they don't it's fine too, stop the pressure.
Also, yeah, the average human being is racist in the inside, that is just how our brains generalize stuff.
Most fembots and femanons are unironically racist and don't find black guys attractive at all
im trad 
Another desperate cope. No guys want you. No guys are interest in you. Only bottom of the barrel trash. So you tell yourself that you are sexless because you choose to be. Lmao. Pathetic. 
Stacy rides 1000 cocks and still finds a millionaire 11/10 uberchad breeding machine and has a fantasy life.
You will die alone.
I don't think of myself as trad, but I'll die alone before ever dating a different race guy, not just black.
You will never find a guy of any race. You will literally die alone. And you probably have a BBC fetish due to your self-induced narcissistic racist delusions. >>73123534
Whatever you say, to feel better about yourself
and I would never marry a guy who couldn't give me children that resemble me.
Ah this thing again, so you don want to marry anyone at except your close relatives?
I mean it's not even guaranteed to have a child that look you even you have it with "someone of your race", what a stupid justification.
me, me and only me matters
What about the father? Don't you think he wouldn't want this too?
What you if the children are just carbon copies of the father (regardless of his race) will you like them or will you hate it?
you are arguing with a white male larping as a white woman. no actual women tlk this way. most women hate their own appearance and idolize exoticisim.
When I was younger I had a girl told me the exact same words despite I did or tried nothing with her, I didn't really understand what she mean and I answered her "yeah whatever" and left.
literally nothing special about it
She basically wanted you to fuck her. She was trying to get you angered and jealous and full of racial injustice anger fuck energy.
Come on we were kids, besides she's a landwhale now, not really my thing
Because they're too busy fucking Koreans. Femanons have always preferred Korean men.
Black guys dont like spergy femcel retards.
half don't like black guys, half like them but will never post about it or make it known. being seen with a black guy in public is still a taboo.
As a Black Man, I would fuck a femcel, Its 100% on my list somewhere
