Would you be willing to date a coworker who shows interest in you?
all the girls who showed interest in me at work either
had boyfriends 
had husbands
were single moms with an estranged boyfriend
were pushing 50
I had a chance. But I'm too insecure for a relationship and avoided her.
Also, I'm not really interested in dating and the effort and time that takes.
Fuck no, don't shit where you eat
r9k people would date a rock that they think showed interest in them. 
 wAifu thread
well yes except for the slight issue in that i have never had a job
The ones with boyfriends were looking for a replacement and would have cheated for you.
this
WRNYN
the only one i liked who tried to be with me was killed :(
But what happens when the novelty runs out and she wants to cheat on me with some other sorry dude. no thanks. too much drama.
only if we're lateral positions or she's above me.
I've been in the superior position to women who asked me out and/or flirted with me constantly. I always diffused the situation by playing dumb or ignoring their comments.
If she's your equal or higher, then there's no question of coercion.
Haha are you implying that I work? Weird assumption OP
Hell no, in this day and age you're just asking to get btfo since people take women's word at face value. Why would I put myself in that situation, especially when women are more entitled than ever? She could literally ruin your life because she was mad you took too long to reply to a text, and frankly I wouldn't put behavior in that same vein past a modern women, or even women in general. Don't shit where you eat, especially in this day and age. I will be treating all my future, female coworkers as if they are fat, balding 45 y/o men
This thread already has a 4 normalfaggots who've had chances lol.
I wouldn't date anyone. I never liked being around other people
There is no woman in that comic I wouldn't fuxk
Damn are you me? It was pretty low stakes since it was a grad intern who left recently so it wouldn't have been a risk either.
I had that chance and took it. Caused issues at work but it was a shit job that I nevet planned to stay in long so no real damage was done.
Thought I had a chance then I realized she was getting a kick out of my scars and social retardation that she later went on to tell another coworker she cucked me with
Already am, but I kinda regret it
NEET
Well if I got dragged into the ratrace, she would be a welcome way to get out of unwanted wage-slavery. 
Bonus points if we can manage to get us both fired for being caught during sex @ work and she joins me in the cave
having young, single, cute, female coworkers
Buahahahha never happening, all good women always have bfs starting in highschool, best you can do is be the plan B guy who picks up after she leaves her current bf, which is terribly immoral and humiliating
No.
I dont want to get MeToo'd
I'd keep the option open and stay friendly until one of us left
Dating at work is just asking for bullshit when you break up (or if she even gets mad at you momentarily)
would have cheated for you
Proof she's unworthy. Would fuck, tell the boyfriend and never speak to her again.
women
work
good one anon
Yeah. In love with one right now, and I'm going to marry her someday.
This. Dating a coworker is an incel fantasy.
all good women always have bfs starting in highschool
That's true.
h-how do i know if my coworker is interested in me and not just being nice? nobody tells me anything.
h-how do i know if my coworker is interested in me and not just being nice? nobody tells me anything.
99% of the time they are just being nice.
No. I don't need a risk of getting fired by HR if the relationship goes south. In fact there is a rule at my company that if you do date someone within your team they move you somewhere else immediately. They discourage it. Don't mix business with pleasure.
job I hate and don't care about walking away from at any time
sure otherwise hell no
