When asked, 4channers will usually want the Internet to be more free. Anons want the liberty to post whatever, say whatever, do whatever.
Doesn't this mentality sound kinda childish? Like, you basically want the Internet to be your personal power fantasy and you're trying to rationalize just wanting to experience gratification around the clock.
I'm trying to actively censor and restrict the modern Internet, because that's the grown-up and socially responsible thing to do. It's not an easy stance to take, but someone's gotta be the one. We actually need to take the Internet down a notch, it's already out of control. But you dont want that. I get the feeling I'm trying to take a candy from a baby.
This.
I'm tired of people acting like 10-year-olds
How are you going to do that when muh free speech is the first amendment of the US constitution
Free speech doesnt mean you can say whatever you want without responsibility
The internet isnt owned by the goverment.
You have no right to free speech here.
Also free speech=/=speech without consequence.
If you start yelling the n word in the middle of walmart you will be escorted out of the store by police and banned from coming back.
Everyone makes mistakes, and it's important to be able to make them without fear of repercussions. Anonymity is important for learning how to be responsible as a person.
I've seen how MY OWN ideas can spread, even without an identity. It is terrifying and powerful.
How are you going to shut down sites like 4chan that will not make any restrictions and can't be legally enforced to?
Also free speech=/=speech without consequence.
Speech is pretty free from consequences here.
this is definitely some kind of NWO meme. how exactly do you plan to censor the internet when it's used worldwide and owned by no one
Unless you say something bad about Israel or Sherriff Mike Chitwood. They're special little cherubs and must never be insulted.
quintuple nigger
Speech is pretty free from consequences here.
Tell that to that incel who said his towns sheriff should get killed in minecraft and 4chan moderators reported him to the police and gave them his location and he went to prison for it.
Then why is it that when some guys make the mistake of pedoing on discord they get repercussions? I think they should get a 2nd chance too, unironically
We're all horny when we're at peak test
Well, don't use Discord. That's not my problem.
I hate niggers. What responsibility do I have now? Am I now responsible for the feelings of some subhuman niggers?
You're such a fucking child foe not wanting to conform to my arbitrary rules 
give up your rights and become a government slave that can't speak freely anywhere
Your shaming tactics are as weak as your genetics.
this is a good joke (i like the form of humor where someone pretends to be retarded), but i don't know if it is one or not. there's no substance here, it's just rhetoric.
some things need to be restricted, therefore the internet needs to be restricted
children don't want to be restricted, therefore anyone who doesn't want restriction is a child
When asked, 4channers will usually want the Internet to be more free.
absolutely not i wish the internet was really difficult to access so normalniggers would fuck off
i stopped reading there btw
even something as simple as needing linux to access more than say 200 zog approved websites would be wonderful
In this entire thread there is not a single argument to support the internet being monitored and censored
You have no right to free speech here.
that's up to the site's moderation team, bro. Anyway, you should be more occupied with hanging yourself as is customary for transfolx
