Are there incels left on /r9k/, or is it just normalslimes and trannies now?
Yeah it's just trannies here, trannies are everywhere, they're in your room right now!!! Stupid fag.
You can say "normalfaggots" you know. Most of the incels don't bother posting because the board is shit. The rest either became wagies, homeless, or killed themselves.
I have a diverse vocabulary to emphasise my utter disgust at normalsharts, I don't limit myself to one phrase
You wouldn't be mad about this if you weren't obviously a tranny
How am I mad? I didn't create a thread to seethe. Since you're dumb, I'll explain this to you. I was laughing at you and mocking you.
23 years old incel reporting here. We are still around brother and we will rise from the ashes when normalfags get bored of this place after turning it into /soc/.
Like pottery
honestly I use this place for self esteem boosts, whenever I feel down I can always come in here, laugh at you guys and realize how fucking insignificant my issues are in comparison to yours and tackle anything with a clear head. It's really really hard to care about any problems I face when people here spam the same ridiculous"tfw no gf i'm a virgin at 20yo" shit. Puts shit in perspective, like watching starving kids in Africa.
Get topped already, dumb faggot. Or do I have to spoonfeed you information again when it's quite obvious what I am?
Nice bait but that's pretty sad if that's true lmao. Imagine needing to observe adult male Virgins to exist to feel good about yourself kek. You do you my friend.
trannies and normies have taken over and they wonder why nothing ever fun happens on 4chan anymore. normies arent capable of doing the shit 4chan used to do
Hes probably just as fucked up but doesnt realize it. Guarantee everyone around him talks about how weird he is but he gets to come here and have a fee laughs so its all good I guess.
It's not a need I came across this place when I read an article about incels and got curious. It's wild to see it firsthand. Most people here are down horrendously. I don't need it to feel good about myself it's just a fun way to realize that I have it pretty good and should be thankful for what I have, and not whine no matter how bad things get, because it can never get as bad as the posters here lol.
Tranny groomer meme
You don't need grooming with how homosexual you already are
hahaha you live in a fantasy world homie, the just world fallacy is exactly that, a fallacy. Makes me feel good that if you saw the lifestyle I lead you'd probably wanna kill yourself. That makes me a fucked up person yeah, but I never pretended to be a good person, I just have it good.
The sex havers here are legit more fucked up than incels.
Keep telling yourself that. I wouldnt touch this shithole with ten foot pole if I wasn't an incel or not fucked in the head.
If you had it so good you wouldnt come here at all and you know it. Youre just another weirdo like the rest of us.
congrats, you realized that you can be fucked up and still have sex and friends because women, and people in general are shallow. Show a girl status and good looks and she'll sleep with you regardless of you being an asshole. Same with friends, they'll hang out with you if they deem you cool enough to be around. That is supposedly "incel" rhetoric but it's centuries old knowledge lol.
Ive had sex but people still call me an incel when I talk to them online. Having sex isnt some sort of accomplishment.
haha got any way I can reach you? Last time I played this with a r9k incel he went off the deep end and threatened to kill and doxx me because of the shit I sent him I was doing on the weekends while he swore I was a weirdo just like him.
I'm a nutcase bro, you're right on that, just from a different breed than yours. I have fun humilliating losers that swear I'm like them.
What are you even trying to argue? Like what's with this "wisdom"? I didn't ask. Good day though. Enjoy your stay in the zoo,just try to not get behind the bars and walls of you arent already inside.
Nice try trannoid
And you still wont post bicep though
It's clearly not hate when you have to invent stories to make them more relevant to your life. The fact you keep thinking I'm a tranny when the evidence is to the contrary makes a strong case that you actually do want trannies in your life.
at least some things never change.
Give him time Adobe Photoshop takes a while to start on a shitty PC
i am incel.
t.original incel
please condense your combacks to 2 sentences or less.
i'm an incel but i'm a tranny
What evidence
How dumb are you?
Tranny here. Glad I'm not an incel anymore even if I'm still autistic.
I'm not gonna spoonfeed you again for nothing. How about this? I'll point out where I left the hints if you admit you're dumb and you're a repressed homosexual into trannies. Deal?
