Should you ever tell girls you are bisexual?
Not unless it's a turn on for them. Even if they say they don't care either way, don't tell them.
t. Busexuak guy
No. I'm not telling any bitch that after reading about what happens to men that do it on here and r*ddit
I'm taking that shit to the grave and if she finds out I hop on the next whore
my gf knows I'm bisexual
I didn't admit it to her for years, but she thought I was gay when she first met me anyways
It has only been a positive, it's kino to talk about cute boys with her
damn this guy has some good content. Finally about time us fat niggas got some white bussy.
*Bisexual
Fuck I'm stupid
Also, sauce?
Its wild how much women hate bisexual guys but then are the biggest supporters of LGBT propaganda. They are fine with faggotry as long as they don't have to deal with a man who has some in him.
Bisexual bros, let her fall in love with you. Dont tell her until she finds out you fucked her ex/dad/brother/"best friend".
She will feel betrayed, heart broken, and best of all, her ego will be shattered to pieces. 
Her bigot lizard brain will turn on and try to fix you.
Congrats, you now have a pawn you can use for whatever you want as long as she believes you are all hers.
yeah, I've done that before. Lands better with transgirls than cis girls, even if the cis girls say they're bisexual.
Okay, you win. I'm gay. Also if I had a girlfriend and that guy asked to fuck my gf with that cock, I would literally not be within my rights to say no.
Straight man here, reminder if you don't like seeing huge cocks taking up most of the screen in porn, you ARE gay. Next you'll tell me you also don't imagine yourself sucking and taking it in your bussy. More big cocks for the straight guys in the back ploz. BBC preferably.
being open about it is the only way to find someone who really doesnt care
no but you also should cheat on her with boys on the side
she'd NEVER suspect anything if you became my bro and casually fucked me haha
Depends on what you want in life
i want a committed relationship where i dont have to lie
ya you should probably tell the girl so you can filter her out if thats not what she is cool with. 
ya you should probably not tell her anything at all in general and just have sex.
Is it really necessary if I'm not even trying to dick down men on the side?
No
They feel threatened as if it somehow increases your chances of cheating and they also will assume you have stds.
Even though most these bitches have done gay shit with other women before and have pretty large bodycounts. Women being hypocrites is why you don't tell them these things
Never. remain a mystery, otherwise you will lose your value
I did and she stopped seeing me. She 'just couldn't handle it'. Honestly, that was probably the deepest thing I could have told anyone. For someone that preached about how important honesty and transparency was, I think she should've jumped at the opportunity to be with me because she will never come across another person that was willing to be as open and honest as I was.
I read a lot of forums with women and they generally don't like bisexual men. Liberation and acceptance only works for women. Women confine men to a very tight box and if he doesn't meet her standards, 'he's not a real man'.
That sucks. Do you think this is proof that women are lowkey hyper homophobic? I mean if being gay is really not a big deal or detriment to ones character, why do bisexual men bother women so much?
Lowkey? women are fucking highkey homophobic, transphobic, racist, etc. They show this in their shaming language and dating preferences every single day, despite all their virtue signalling.
On why it bothers women, maybe women want to be in complete control of sexuality and access to sex. When they're not, they try to shame you just as much if not more than men. Just listen to how often a man is 'not a real man'
If you arent fucking men at all but have masturbated to men i would make the smart mans move of not skipping down the street like someone with severe autism going.
LADIES OH DO ENJOY MASTURBATING TO THE 2D IMAGES OF MEN'S BEHINDS.
PERHAPS I SHALL WOO YOU WITH STORIES OF TRAPS AND HOW THEY ARENT GAY.
But you got that big brain full of many lines, i trust you not to do silly things.
Perhaps women say one thing publicly because of how life is for them and think/act another.
competition and they see them as "less of a man". they will support fags loudly, but they won't actually date or marry bisexual dudes without it being some cuck shit. women are insane, not new news. the exact same as they loudly support men being emotional or vulnerable but won't want to date someone like that. the same way they say nooo we don't like murderers and stuff nice guys are great, you're just not MY type teehee :^) or 500 other examples
women have no consistency, whatever they say is not actually true almost ever
It sounds like incel shit but alot of it is sadly true at its core. 
Sam Hyde said it best, learn how the pickup artist and redpill community works because there is alot of truth in it but dont become a loser nerd about it.
GUYS HERES MY 500 PAGE DEBATE WITH A FEMINIST
this is stupid
oh i started lifting weights and didnt let women who took interest in me fuck me over because im lonely
this is good.
in general i am always curious why virgin men even bitter ones think women are going to be these weird good and nice creatures. They aren't any different than yourself and if you ever go onto woman imageboards or forums you see the same bitter incel tier posting from loser women.
Its the exact same shit as when you were a kid but now people are older and smarter about how they act. Stop watching anime about friendship or disney movies non of that is real
No, stop being a faggot.
Also, how many times have you been cucked already?
what is the sooource?14
How would such a dumb conversation even happen? I don't get this "coming out" stuff.
Surely people just like talk about their interests or something, or like what, don't you people have pinterest accounts or something you then need to not save pins you like to to hide this? Or be super weird about your porn collection?
Being "out of the closest" doesn't take effort and happens by existing and living one's life, being "in the closet" takes a ridiculous amount of effort of policing one's language and everything. It's like trying to hide that one liks chocolate and being sure to hide one's chocolate from everyone and never eat it when others are around and always decline when offered, yeah meh.
I'm pretty sure it's "out" within 2-3 days with anyone I got reasonably close to after first starting to talk because we invariably end up talking about art and Chinese cartoons and what-not.
I think some of it has to do with the fact that gays/bis are never truly accepted by their male peers. While you can't outwardly hate fags for the most part, behind closed doors gays are still viewed as something to be made fun of. Its possible women just can't stand the idea of being with a man who isn't respected by other men, I don't think they can handle the negative stigma and having to introduce a man who has taken dick like a bitch to their family.
It depends on how gay you are really, its easy for bi guys to keep it a secret because we tend to like women much more anyway. Like I never crush on men irl, but I love fapping to dicks and trans porn. As long as I'm away from my computer I feel pretty straight.
Just say you are straight. Most women believe in this gender spectrum bullshit anyways, you can get away with liking trannies.
It's THIS mental image they can't get over. It literally makes the guy not a man to her. "Men don't moan and get fucked, they do the fucking." A woman aroused by a man she finds attractive fucking her silly is all of a sudden put off when she remembers someone was fucking him silly. All his dominance and power (that turns her on) vanishes
Are there any undiagnosable diseases that result from males fucking males? This is probably the only reason I made efforts to disclose it in the past and don't even attempt to fuck bitches anymore unless I'm willing to tell them I've fucked men.
Do you people like not.. talk about your animu and whom you think the most attractive character is?
turbo-aids desu
Yep, this is just unavoidable. Getting fucked or sucking dick shatters the image of you being a masculine man. You're suppose to be her protector/provider, the father of her children, yet here you are moaning like a bitch crying screaming daddy with a gaping hole farting cum and lube.
Yes but then that would just be a girl.
I'd get annoyed just being in the room with someone who expects me to protect, and especially provide for him over my gender.
That's called a leech. Why would I give someone else my money?
But that's everywhere though, so it's not surprising that the expectation is there from women in the first place.
It bothers them being with men they know don't actually need them and have other options
Never noticed.
Get out of Saudi-Arabia. This is 2023, do breadwinner-homemaker families still exist anywhere? Did they ever really outside of the richest elite.
I think most people are missing the obvious. Men by nature a promiscuous as fuck. In Russia, it is normal for a girlfriend or wife to expect her husband to cheat. If he's bi and doesn't use protection (as men are notorious for not taking responsibility of this and begging not to use a condom or otherwise stealth), there's odds he can bring home something deadly to her like aids. Abet, a man can still do this without disclosing he is bi, the mental thought you have just now given her is a red flag. RedFem lesbians also refuse to date bi women for the same/similar reasons.
OP CAN YOU PLEASE GIVE US THE SAUCE
Can you 2 give sauce in these 2 if yuo got it. I havent cum in like 3 days and i want to crush a juicy succulent femboy so bad man.
I think it's because they assume your a submissive cuck who sucks dick and takes it in the ass if your bisexual. I'm sure most bisexual men only fuck feminine femboys and don't do gay shit like suck dick or take it in the butt.
because they assume your a bottom/sub and women are disgusted by that.
Its not even just women, even fags prefer straight men because they see them as more as masculine and free from the taint of liking cock.
