How old are you and have you been succeeding developmentally?
Indians never made it past the second stage
Strange. I am stuck at 
Who am I and where am I going
young adult 19 to 40
the "am I loved and wanted?" part is pretty real though
It's all about nihilism, the will to power and what you desire / what society desires from you. The only success is not being dysfunctional and not robbing people of their fun, while somehow minimalizing risk.
22 and ive felt every one of these questions at somepoint in the last few years. absolute nonsense psychology
well, i'm definitely isolated
Its the parents fault for failing their kids due to laziness and neglect. I hate my parents
young adult stage is 19-40
thank god I still got time
Fucking failed on the first stage. No wonder I am the way I am
25 and I'm failing the young adult section extremely hard
I just turned 19 chill give me some time, covid set me back a few years (my last time attending high school was halfway through sophomore year in 2020
Yeah, prior to zoomers taking over, young adulthood was always seen as 20-40. They're the insane ones who decided that 25+ is old.
am I good or bad? ages 3 to 5
early 30s and still struggle with that one
if I ever see anyone I grew up around again I'll kill them
I'm 24 and I'm permanently stuck at around 2-3 years developmentally speaking
I've been at the last stage past 20 years
skipped school, young adult and middle adulthood completely. Irrelevant bullshit.
40 is young adulthood
that entire fucking chart is complete horseshit. none of those conflicts have anything to do with age
people under 40 can feel existential about not doing anything valuable in their life
you can feel regret and bitterness at 25
this chart like it was written by an incel though, since it unironically suggests that intimacy and relationships are the single most important defining achievement of their adult life
dude when you're 40 you're gonna have all these great things like a mortgage a kid a career and more responsibilities while your dick goes limp and you start getting fat and bald! age is but a number!!!
when you consider how society treats the role of older people in this world, no shit people don't value those years as much as their younger years
reminder that psychology borders on the unscientific. just because someone makes up something that sounds more plausible than freud's shit doesn't mean it's true.
Things went fairly well, with an interruption at toddler age, puberty, and then young adult hood. Studying the red pill about women and developing schizophrenia at the same time really threw a wrench in the gears. I have skipped to leaving a legacy to compensate.
I definitely stopped at adolescence and got too preoccupied with "Who am I and where am I going" to progress to any of the further categories. My "social relationships" skills only got worse from isolation, not better.
21. Skipped adolescence and young adult don't care about those. Right now at middle adulthood, I just want to fulfill my drive and passion to create stories.
