Do you want to make love to anyone in particular right now my anons? I have my eyes set on a pretty Psychology major but she isn't interested as of yet.
I'd like to buy another prostitute at some point this summer
Yes, but sadly she is being a typical woman. I need to lower my expectations and try to focus more on the physical aspect since women are not the mental equal of men when it comes to mental resiliency or a desire to uncover reality in a way that might be unpleasant but is made up for by understanding the truth
Yep. Set on the one and only. Wanna spend my life with her. Hope it works out.
My Ex.
Another woman who said she didn't want the pressure of being my first but would love to be my second years ago.
he's on tour right now :( i want him inside me
Yeah I have this one girl that works at walgreens she's black haired short, pale ,gives me aspie vibes and just has that cute look. I've lost 20 pounds over the past few months just so I can feel comfortable when I go up and talk to her.
if my robot posts about me here I'll die happy
Funny thing is I literally only seen her three times and it's been well over a month since I last saw her. I never got the chance to go into that walgreens because I don't have a car and I can't really make make up something saying u need something from walgreens because my family just gets everything. Sucks a little I just want to see her face again.
Any Japanese girl honestly.
Everyone else In my family is all like she's ugly and you can pull better even my brother that says that I should have low standards is saying that she looks like a loser and is greasy but idk anons I just feel like I want to love someone like that and just spend all day, afternoon cuddling in a bed with her she's definitely not fat but poeple think I need to go for better. Tinder, bumble, okcupid I've been swiping on for 2 months have been an absolute joke so either way at some point I have to go into that store.
Im literally having a threesome for lunch tomorrow
nah, haven't been attracted to anyone for years
it's embarrassing to think of. maybe a little... but he broke up with me because other guys made him feel bad trying to get with me.
This is a good feelsy Comfy thread.
An old friend of mine. I've liked him since the beginning, but I don't think he likes me back beyond friendship. He has a great voice, good sense of humor, a strong sense of what he wants for the future, not to mention the fact that I find him physically attractive. I don't think anything will happen romantically between us, but I suppose I'm content with just friendship.
I don't see anyone, so I don't get attracted to anyone.
