Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.
It's finally Friday, hope all of you are doing fine ^^
How are you doing today?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
Any plans for today?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
Why did you hurt yourself?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
A long list of self harm alternatives (thank you muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7
first aid post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/
wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic
bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
hello guys i see this thread needs some bumping
hey. just got home from work. will fix up something to eat. hope you all had a good day. any plans for the weekend?
fix up something to eat
whatcha cooking?
hope you all had a good day
Thank you, my day was pretty good, at first it was a little boring but then I found a nice Minecraft mod that entertained me for a couple of hours 
Now I'm chilling and munching strawberries and watching youtube videos 
nope, I don't have anything planned
Hbu?
Hope you're having a good day too
any plans for the weekend?
Gonna watch a movie with a few of my less ridiculous pals on Sunday. Nice to hang around more mellow people every once in a while.
Enjoy the food you make, Yuanon. (:
I hope you enjoy the weekend you have to yourself, Catbro. (:
Took an engineering statics exam yesterday, I believe I did well. Have to wait until next Wednesday until it is graded, so it remains to be seen if I actually did well on it. Don't have to work on anything tonight, thankfully, so I get to relax tonight. I hope you all are doing well.
Album cover for today is Gentle Giant.
I hope you enjoy the weekend you have to yourself, Catbro. (:
I definitely will and you enjoy yours too
For me no plans is a good thing since I can do whatever I want whenever I want without worrying about it colliding with anything 
Also my weekend's going to be pretty long because there are a couple of Polish national holidays next week so I'm completely free until next Friday 
yay :D 
what movie are you going to watch?
what movie are you going to watch?
We're going to watch the first Lord of the Rings movie, which I have never seen. I've only seen The Hobbit, so I'm excited to see them!
My great great grandfather immigrated from Russian Poland to America in the 1880's. My grandfather told me an abridged story of how he ended up in America, by taking a train from Poland to Northern Germany, taking a boat to America, and working in the coal mines in Pennsylvania before taking a train to the west coast, where he homesteaded. My family still knows the original spelling of our Polish last name! I wonder how my life could have been if I had been born in Poland. I don't know what holidays are going on there, but enjoy them, Catbro!
PS you posted this picture in a previous thread, and I just want to say that it is phenomenal. Thank you for the image.
whatcha cooking?
a hodgepodge of leftovers and stuff that had to be made. black rice, beans in tomato sauce, some frozen vegetables, a pork cutlett and a sausage. 
I found a nice Minecraft mod
what does it add/change? 
Now I'm chilling and munching strawberries and watching youtube videos
sounds nice. wish i had some right now. all i had today was some crummy maple-walnut-cheesecake. >:(
nope, I don't have anything planned Hbu?
hanging out with some friends tomorrow. we'll work out, go for a jog and then play some games or whatever comes to mind. that's about it. it's a long weekend because monday is a holiday though, so that's nice. 
Hope you're having a good day too
it was alright. pretty mid overall. i'm looking forward to doing nothing this evening.
hi, prog.
Gonna watch a movie with a few of my less ridiculous pals on Sunday. Nice to hang around more mellow people every once in a while.
have a good time, prog. what makes your other pals "ridiculous" if you don't mind the question? i think i only know "mellow people". 
thanks. it was nice. a bit random, but nice.
We're going to watch the first Lord of the Rings movie, which I have never seen
oooo so cool, I wish I could experience a movie this good for the first time again 
You're gonna enjoy it 
My great great grandfather immigrated from Russian Poland to America in the 1880's
That's cool, I like stories like these, people just going to a different continent and making a living for themselves in a compleatly different environment (social or otherwise)
There's a ton of stories like this here because for a very long time Poland was split between few countries and a lot of people emigrated to abroad when they got the chance to
Apparently there's a big Polish community in Chicago 
I don't know what holidays are going on there, but enjoy them, Catbro!
Thank you, I don't really celebrate holidays like these, I'm not much of a patriot, I'm just happy I don't have to go to uni 
PS you posted this picture
sorry but I actually didn't, it was a different person replying to me
but I have to agree it is phenomenal 
a hodgepodge of leftovers
the flavor is what matters, hope it was good and if not at least you haven't wasted any food
what does it add/change?
it's called reindev, it's like a very old indev version of Minecraft expanded, it adds a lot i
of stuff while maintaining the feel of the early simple feel of this version, when there was just one person working on the game 
munching strawberries
and I wish I had a maple-walnut-cheesecake even a crummy one 
I guess the grass is always greener even a crummy one 
wish i had some right now
and I wish I had a maple-walnut-cheesecake even a crummy one 
I guess the grass is always greener even a crummy one 
hanging out with some
enjoy your weekend bro
monday is a holiday
what holiday?
it was alright. pretty mid overall.
at least it wasn't bad
same
I'm not much of a patriot
me neither. don't care about holidays, tradition or culture. just made up nonsense to seperate yourself from other people. 
hope it was good and if not at least you haven't wasted any food
that was the plan, really. it was alright. just not very satisfying. a mid dinner for a mid day. 
it's like a very old indev version of Minecraft expanded, it adds a lot i
of stuff while maintaining the feel of the early simple feel of this version
so it's a classic version of the game, but with modern features ported backwards so they retain the feeling of the older gameplay? i probably couldn't even tell the difference. it's been so long since i played that game...
and I wish I had a maple-walnut-cheesecake even a crummy one
i guess it would have been best if we shared. the fresh strawberries would have been a nice contrast to the rich cake.
enjoy your weekend bro
you too.
what holiday?
labor day. and what's up with that? it's called labor day, but nobody's working... 
nice. then we can do nothing tomorrow evening, sunday and monday together. looking forward to that as well.
it hasnt gone well in the past. mostly ends in them ridiculing me
sorry to hear that. opening up about your problems turns into a pissing contest about who has it harder or them trying to invalidate your feelings a lot of the time. maybe you can come to these threads and vent your frustrations or just talk. 
well, that's something, at least. 
sorry for the super late and crossthread reply. i had gotten to bed that day and forgot to reply the next thread. hope you read this.
Just letting you know that I may be a little slower to reply cuz I'm starting to feel a bit sleepy brain fogged 
I think I'm running out of steam for today, ig I can't blame myself since I haven't gotten much sleep the last 2 nights
I'm not going anywhere yet but I am saying a pre-emptive goodnight
in case I just pass out
So why do women and trannies cut themselves? I don't get it
kinda got that from your earlier post. seemed a bit drowsy. (^-^) i'm in bed and drifting off as well. good night, probably.
goodnight yuanonny ^^
parge 9 bumpp
That's alright catbro, hope you have a good snoozer.
Well that's embarrassing. It holds the spirit of your posts, that's for sure.
Good night, Yuanon (:
Bump bump bumperino! The thread usually dies when Catbro and Yuanon go to sleep, but it doesn't mean we can't try!
does anyone have advice for how to cover up scars underwater? i have a pool party tmrw im stressed ab:( or at least encouragement...
Hi I just noticed that my gf has scars on her thighs, why is that?
Is it bad? Why does she do it there?
I want to caress them but not encourage her, is that bad? What can I do.
I searched online and asked the dummy ai but they are all so useless....
