how do anons here cope woth being genetic failure dead end fuck ups?
i dont lmao i barely get out of bed
I don't need to since I'm not a genetic failure dead end fuck up, just a fuck up, aka I get my dick wet sometimes.
nigger this thread isnt for you then gtfo back to normieshit the rapey
Read again.
anons
not robots.
;^)
Fuck this gay earth. I wouldn't subject a son to where this shit seems to be headed.
how do anons here cope woth being genetic failure dead end fuck ups?
 genetic failure dead end
i think, conceptually, the idea that you should feel bad about being a genetic dead end is actually so laughable and pathetic, once you really understand genes, gene editing, ai, and personal identity. people who are upset about this honestly are just ignorant and stupid
you are not your genes, you are your consciousness, memories, experiences, and personality, maybe your body. but your genes are just some string of information. you can express your genes in a small notepad document
and soon we will be able to change our genes, use ai technology to stop biological death, etc. its actually laughable to care about passing on your genes, honestly
fuck ups
this one is much worse, because missing out on love and sex really do hurt. historically i coped with videogames and escapism. these days i cope with leaning about ai, and theological philosophy. i listen to philosophy everyday. thinking about stuff like morals, arguments for god and against god, thinking of the nature of god, etc. i think about god everyday for many hours, extensively. its my autistic interest
also, enjoying knowing there will either be an ai apocalypse, or an ai utopia also gives me purpose to stay alive. if its apocalypse, i lose nothing but my worthless live that i wanted to end anyways, and i get watch all the normies, chads, hypocrites, whores, roasties and power abusers die. sounds SPLENDID to me. if its a utopia, then by definition ill be in heaven, which also sounds splendid. thats why i think the future is splendid, and why i choose to struggle and continue living
I fetishize it.
I jack off to the idea of being genetic trash, a lesser man, etc.
I'm afraid if I ever even do get a gf I'll end up a literal cuck because half the time I blow my load I'm imagining someone else fucking the girl in front of me, while they bully me for being unable to do the same.
Pair that with a fucking crippling cbt and sph fetish and I feel completely hopeless.
wow i aint reading all that but i did and lol ai qont ever rule anyone the rich would never
i am top tier pussy waiting for the one shanku v much
My parents racemixed ( WMBF )
Genetic failure was built in.
When they go nuclear they will unleash their incel rage killing anyone in the vicinity and then peace will be restored to the world
thats not even bad faggot. at least you're not a full nigger
existence comes before value, so any system of value which does not prioritize existence above other values will perish.
and what people value is highly genetic, so you if you want your values to persist, you must pass on your genes.
Having no tribe is hell. 
Being male was just a horrible double wammy, if I was a mixed woman I could at least an exotic beauty instead of a fag.
at least half or more of us incels would flourish if we were women but instead we suffer and no one wants to understand the struggle of being a genetic fuckup
NTA posting to give my condolences. Not having your own people is brutal and why, despite being able to find love in another race, it is imperative that you do best for your children - by going with your own race and solidifying a base for them to have an anchor.
Lot of people are selfish though. They fuck around, destroy pair bonding, take outside of their own races, and the result is a broken child and broken home.
Sorry man. The worst part is nobody learns from examples like this. They'll say "love knows no boundaries" or some bs.
you know. Maybe you are right...
how do anons here cope woth being genetic failure dead end fuck ups?
Can't relate. I'm intelligent, tall, and have attractive facial features. Sucks to suck, I guess
calling yourself fag
use it to your advantage jung grasshoppa
uh? good for you man ig? but this thread isnt for you then
considering you lack empathy for the ones worse off and also feel the need to shit on us
youre not doing that great i assume
It is for me though, since I started posting here. I just wanted to remind you there are people here who are in a much better spot than you. If you're really bothered by this, you can choose to end it whenever you want
ok but this thread was for ppl like me to talk onw to another not a random nirmiechad whatever to try and make me sneed or cope or idk
i dont really care at this point what normies say tho
ok but this thread was for ppl like me to talk onw to another not a random nirmiechad whatever to try and make me sneed or cope or idk
i dont really care at this point what normies say tho
You seem upset. You don't need to get emotional; you can be fine with the fact some people here are better than you
hm?
maybe ur the one with autism because my message didnt convey a tone besides boredom
maybe ur the one with autism because my message didnt convey a tone
I stipped caring, as simple as. After work I have all the games and books I want so I enjoy my life as much as I possibly can.
ok i still dont get what kinda reaction u want im already depressed lol im just talking to anons
wwll hey at least youre happy for yourself
i dont know if i could be like that, i want to experience love too
