Based God smiting degenerates
Nice link/source, faggot.
It's probably the vax
It's because nearly all women have HPV. You get throat cancer from eating out a woman with HPV. Just another great thing about being a touchless virgin. No HPV caused throat cancer for me.
Big tobacco be like
Bros I'd unironically like to get the HPV vaccine, but I'm a total recluse. I have no idea how to go about it. It's not like I'm ever getting laid, but still. I'd feel even more shame getting just that one because in my mind all the doctors and nurses know exactly why I'm getting it.
Why? There's no need for any of them. Make the woman show a full STD panel before you do anything with them. They refuse, you know she's not a virgin and has been run through countless times to the point she definitely has something.
It's not sucking dick that causes it, it's eating the box.
I guess. But in my mind the tried and tested, really old, vaccines are like upgrading your operating system. Sure there are some controversial ones people have been talking about, but most are probably safe. Either way I don't mind getting more autistic, if that's even possible.
Fuvking kek out loud irl
probably safe
Here's a bowl of M&amp;M's anon. I have put some poisoned ones in there, but it's probably safe.
tried and tested really old vaccines
Weren't even needed when they came out as advancements in sanitations, water treatment, food storage, etc. erradicated the diseases. Unless you live in a 3rd world country, you're fine.
Anon, healthy people are dropping dead from the clot shot. Women are having miscarriages at uncommonly high rates. They're all poison designed to make you sick or worse.
Even virgins carry HPV, retard.
No, they don't. You're just a normie or a roastie spreading bullshit to feel better about your degenerate ways that caused you to get an STD. Enjoy your throat cancer.
If you were forced into taking several vaccines which ones would you choose? What are the really useful ones these days? I think the lyme disease one would be invaluable, but it might actually give you lyme disease or something.
This, that's why doctors are starting to give HPV vaccines to people at an early age.
Yes because kids are eating out whores. They're giving it to them because the vaccine will either give them HPV or fuck them up in another way. All doctors want you on the hampster wheel. They get a patient for life and big pharma makes money off of the treatment.
Fortunately us autists are the pure children of god so we won't catch any sexually transmitted diseases
I don't know if I should be happy that I don't have to deal with 'tfw no gf' or sad that I wouldn't be able to lead a normal life even if I had a chance to.
I'm the opposite, maybe it's germophilia. I'm not attracted to germs as such, I just like sex to be dirty (not scat though).
