Is anyone here good at anything? If so, plenty tell me how you became good at it. In detailed steps as if telling it to a retard
probably socializing irl. i just lived most my life being able to talk to people and get friendly with them fairly quickly.
I'm decent at guitar and drawing
No other steps besides self application and practice
i think becoming okay at something requires having a soul, people who are good at it never got to a proficient level by forcing their selves to do it and being bad, they just did it because they found it enjoyable and happened to end up good at it. its over for us manbabys.
Is anyone here good at anything?
Yeah, programming.
If so, plenty tell me how you became good at it.
When you program every day and always set out new goals to keep broadening your horizon, you will get good at programming.
There is nothing more to it.
Wanted to become 1337 at 8yrs old
Watched fake virus tutorials
Bored lol
5 years later want to make games
Watch Unity tutorials
Copy paste most things and change a few things here and there
After a few tutorials I familiarize myself with the code
Start programming my own simple logic
Join a small game jam and make a simple game
Make more little games and get into 3D
Unity isn't enough anymore
Follow a Vulkan tutorial to make my own game engine
Complete tutorial, don't understand shit
Redo it, still don't understand shit
Read through it carefully and implement the concepts described in my own system
Code works but hard to modify and update
Learn from my mistakes and make a better codebase
Learn math for shaders
They are many colorz!
Learn math for physics
Learn math for collision detection
Make simple physics
Shit's slow, learn math for optimization
Epic custom game engine
Switch to Linux for maximum performance
Want to make website for game engine
Learn webdev and backend
Still learning...
So yeah shit took me five years but it was fun overall
I also want to master art and music to become a fully self sufficient gamedev but haven't advanced on those subjects yet
My advice is to just try to copy others so you see some good results early and ur brain releases dopamine so you wanna do it more, just copy copy copy, you don't have to be original yet, you can do that once you learn how to imitate
I'm good, like really good at only a handful of things.
1. Animals. 
For some reason all domestic animals just love and approach me with friendly intentions like some sort of fucking disney princess. No I'm not a faggot. Other than liking animals I didn't do anything to become good at having them like me lol.
2. Singing/Performing
Been doing it since I have memory, so thousands of hours of practice and just loving music. I'm a musician nowadays.
3.Partying/Organizing
Ever since I was 14 I've been throwing parties either at my house or other friend's houses, first party I attended to happened because my laptop got broken and I couldn't stay home playing San Andreas. I allmost always ended up organizing them myself, this meant I had some duds but also some great ragers, eventually I became really good at it and have managed to monetize it in my early 20s.
4. Dancing.
Mom enrolled me in dancing classes ever since I could walk. This ties into the whole performing and partying thingies. Plus it keeps me in shape and it's a very easy way to pull girls.
Other than learning how to organize parties and events I've basically been gifted or forced into every other thing I'm good at. I'm just lucky, had my laptop not gotten broken I'd be watching anime and playing vidya 24/7 probably.
Being friendly is not a skill. It's barely a personality trait.
If you're good at programming tell me which is better Rust or C
a singing, dancing boy who throws parties
not a faggot
U sure about that?
I sing reggaeton and trap bro. I'm not exactly singing ballads, although I can. Also, you should check out how latinos dance, it's basically dry humping. And being profficient and salsa means getting up close and personal with any girl of your choosing, which leads to grinding, which leads to making out, which leads to sex.
Partying is fun tho.
I've never used Rust.
Normie LARP, many such cases.
I'm proficient at computer programming and masturbating. The key is practice.
C. It's old and busted but also mature and ubiquitous.
shit bro if it makes you sleep better at night call me a tranny or a mossad agent, go for both lol.
I'm not retarded man, I'm extremely aware of the fact that my career choices and things I'm good at means I only have a very small window to make it big. All the other niggas that are good at programming and such are much more stable than and safe than I am. I wish I had their financial stability and academic knowledge, but I don't, so I gotta play the cards I been dealt you feel me?
Im good at the most useless thing ever, FPS games, started out playing CS in 2012 got to max rank in 2014, had dreams of going pro when I was a youngin, basically just no lifed for 2 years and got good 24/7 pugs and dm for a couple years. Now my only achievement in life is getting top ranks in multiple fps games
Don't do what I did
my nigga if you is on 4chan today that automatically mean you aint a normie, good LARP though imagine how self-assured someone living that life would be
my brother it's 12:55pm on a thursday. It's not like it's a friday night, want me to send you videos of the birthday party I'm organizing this saturday? I'm self assured but I'm not naive either, I gotta make it big in music if I wanna achieve my dreams. 
Picrel is from my NYE event :D
want me to send you videos of the birthday party I'm organizing this saturday?
Sure thing Doc never knew normies had the powers of time travel, thats fucking cool.
shit just say the word man saturday is only a day away. Tell me your name I'll get people to say hi to you drop some form of contact. I'm proud of my events :D
I almost stopped drawing when I entered in medicine, now I started to draw anatomical tables
Picrel
The only way to get good at something is to try, fail and repeat.
What you are asking is how to find the force to try again after failing, and that can only come from the inside, be it love, desire to success or just wanting to become better.
Ayyy my nigga lets gooo. My name's Sneed and I own a shop specializing in avian livestock care.
How about you have some of your guests say "Head on down to Sneed's Feed and Seed", I'd really appreciate it.
owned by chuck beforehand huh? No kidding drop ur disc or something I'll send you the video sunday afternoon, if I'm too hungover then sunday night.
i became very good at my gay email spreadsheet job here's how:
1. get gay entry level email spreadsheet job (this is a whole process but let's not go into it for now)
2. follow exact instructions from person training you
3. do it again
4. every day
5. for years
6. start to want to kill yourself all the time
I'm naturally good at art have been ever since I was a child. I have a very good artistic eye. I'm good at decorating, making and plating food attractively, etc. I have made a few memes that became popular (I drew the comic that became the qt gf meme, I drew some popular pepe edits, I drew the get past chad to get your qt gf meme, among others) I also love photoshop and mspaint as well as physical art I have multiple sketchbooks, paintings I've done on my walls, mixed media artworks, scrapbook, flower pressings, so much art. Art is what makes me want to live it's what makes me feel happy
If this was the 1800s you could've made bank illustrating medical texts
Ah, a fellow bohemian, salut brother.
there's people out there who's entire purpose and contribution to society is editing spreadsheets
Modern society is a laugh
If you want to learn to get good at anything your first step is to go to the gym. Setting small achievable person record goals will show you through example how to improve and that improving is indeed possible for you. The way you get bigger muscles is the same way you do everything else. Measured repeated practice
Nah I couldn't care less desu if you want to just record someone saying "hi /r9k/" and post it here for everyone to see.
Even if you aren't LARPing I'm happy for you and your exciting life, a person like that makes fun for his community and it doesn't really affect me. I respect latinos.
Bank? Nigga would've made history. Some books still used today would carry his name legacy for decades. Crazy good drawings.
Glad to see you respect my chosen profession dawg. Yeah basically I spread cheerfulness and happiness for a living, in the form of partying, alcohol, music and women at least. I just don't really like when people think I'm bullshitting, a man's word is all he's got nowadays. One love brother.
You gymcels are the real groomers
NOBODY CARES NIGGA
not him but you cracked me the fuck up hahahaha. Gym bros are like jehova's witnesses. He ain't wrong though, working out is fun AND healthy (physically and mentally), just don't make it your entire personality of course...
You find a good mentor that cuts out all the bullshit. Almost all of your results are going to come from a small amount of inputs, that's what you should be focusing on.
https://youtube.com/shorts/vZpZAZuL_Jo?feature=share
A solid example of the mentality.
i started drawing probably around the time i entered elementary school. drew often until age 18, which is when i lost my passion for it. started again at 22, but i feel demotivated thanks to losing a lot of progress.
