Like, even on a message board, If I get on well with somebody, I refuse to think of them as a friend, and just consider them some person I talk to online.
I also ignore friend requests sent to me, and never friend anybody myself.
It's like I consider being alone the core at the center of my being, and I can't abide anything else.
Anybody relate to this, or no?
I get it. I wasn't naturally like this, but old age has taken effect and I can only feel stupid at how much I used to care about people. None of it ever lasts, and as someone that cares about others you will always find yourself giving.
I choose to give to myself now, by being alone and not worrying about others.
It feels good. Once this post is done I'm not going to care about this thread, I've said my piece and hopefully others can gleam some understanding from this post and move on from being tied down to others.
People aren't worth it. They're just temporary distractions, your world is yourself. That's all.
We're different in that I, more or less, have always been like this.
im sorry that life has left you feeling this way, it's not right. i don't know how old you are, but im 30 and still sleep over at my friends places. though i've said all of this, im happy to hear that you've found peace with this. you are definitely a stronger person than me.
I feel like I've already given everything to the world and got nothing but kicks and punches in return.
Yeah. I have no friends right now and no plans to make any. People just aren't worth how much they annoy me. Also I am not a person that puts up with teasing, rudeness, or being bossed around. If I sense any of that from somebody I just write them off
Yes, having friends has always given me a wierd, deep guilty feeling. Whenever I talked or hung out with people I always felt like I was wasting their time or imposing in some way, I can't tell if people genuinely enjoy my company, or are just nice to me out of respect or pity. I also feel guilty about wasting my own time and energy, as I could be studying or working instead of socializing. I liked having friends, but maintaining friendships seems like too much work and stress than it's worth.
I ended up distancing myself from my highschool friends immediately after graduating, and haven't formed a friendship since. I always push away potential new friends at my current uni and job. I maintain professional acquaintances, but I don't causually hangout with anyone anymore. I know I'm missing out on a big part of life, but fulfilling social obligations is just too exhausting and stressful. It's too easy to just wake up, go work, go bed, and not think about other people.
Internet friends don't count
You have to do something in real life together to even consider that person a friend
