Asianbros.. how do we bring back asian masculinity?Its not fair that this is how the world sees us...
A second atomic bomb?
There were two bombs dropped on Japan retard
Nta, but one was an atomic and the other nuclear, so he's technically correct.
Azn boys cant resist the feeling of tights and short skirts...
We got these wonders with two bombs
Imagine what joys we could have had today if we dropped 3 or even 4 bombs
kek
Have I just unraveled a conspiracy? Will I get v&amp;?
Some of the best porn I've ever seen is two Asian trap cosplayers tenderly feeling each other up in a hotel room before having awkward sex. It was so pure and cute.
Incredible.....
Why do they want to be us so bad? Is it because white women left them all to get a BTS boyfriend?
hapa male cd servicing a woman was tippity top tier for me :3
Normies are out having sex while white boys circle jerk over porn they saw. Let that sink in.
mind sharing it my dear and original anon?
no, I want to fuck the bottom chink femboy and squirt cummies in his tight boipussy and get a rare strain of aids mmmghhh
This is a whole genre that doesn't have enough content but here's some really good ones 
https://www.xvideos.com/video23402646/cosplay_cross_dressing
https://www.xvideos.com/video31869649/kancolle_crossdressers_sex
https://www.xvideos.com/video31540721/shimakaze_atago_crossplay_fuck
Top tier comment
Nobody sees Asians like that except a handful of 5 mentally ill racebaiting coomers from this board.
Whites are the most popular on gay dating apps, tops want to fuck white twinks, sissies and bottoms, not Asians. In fact Asians even say they face rejection on all gay dating apps. White bussy is most desirable to pound by far, not Asian.
what are you talking about everyone loves asian bottoms, especially trans. thouh, I like fembois of every race.
Absolutely worthless.
Nope, Asians are consistently rejected on gay and trans dating apps, white bottoms are most popular by far.
if you're an asian bottom post hole
Cope, white bottoms are most desired, white boipucci is the currency, always has been and always will be.
right now thousands of ukrainian boys are getting gangraped and castrated by asian russian chads
