Dating is easy or hard depending entirely on whether or not you are willing to date fat girls.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwgmqt6MihI [Embed]
Why is everyone on this board so fatphobic? Fat girls are adorable
fucking grossss
90% of this board is skelly trannies with eating disorders
they arent willing to date you
Because fat people are disgusting.They bare their gluttony and lack of self control for all to see. Plus, eating is the most basic human pleasure. If you would throw away your health, happiness, social standing, etc. over fucking eating...
Nah, it's easy or hard depending on how much you're willing to develop your personality. If you stay a bitter, hateful, defeatist loser, then you'll never get pussy. Why do you think the one place on the internet that defines themselves with a loser identity have that exact personality and also *happen* to get no pussy
I don't think I could be with a girl who weighs more than me
My fat coworker wants to me fuck her. She's a virgin at 26 and desperate. I just broke up with my girlfriend two months ago and am not feeling it but kind of want a blowjob and ego boost.
This. Despite being objectively ugly and grotesquely below the standard of human health, their egos are over the top because a hole is a hole regardless of the obesity it is nestled in.
I fucked a fat girl one night I was Jack Daniels black out. It was horrible and I'm still traumatized. It like I so ered up halfway through when her smell hit me. Fuuucckk. Never again.
Op is right. Its funny how we complain so much about how dating is rigged but don't even acknowledge that going for whales switches the game over to training mode.
Just sounds like you get mad when you see people doing whatever they want.
The fat girl I fugged didn't smell at all and I stuck my tongue in her cooch.
Nope. I don't care what others do. But I have the right to be disgusted by them.
they feel heavy in my arms, I feel my bones creaking when they try to sit in my lap, when in bed with them instead of just enjoying the sexy time together I feel like I am at the gym with all that weight on me and I feel physically under stress.
I'm willing to, to a certain extent. I gave a 300 pound girl a chance and her fat was to the point where sex wasn't really possible with my average penis. Fat rolls at the thighs covered the vagina in about 3 inches of fat. The stench was awful, you can tell this was an area she could not reach while cleaning. Her asthma would kick in in minutes. I said "it's okay babe" for 3 years.
In the end, she cheated.
You have the right to be a faggot, and you are using that right to its fullest extent.
anons this is the best part!
We weigh the same
Cope fatty. You're worth less as a human and everyone around you is disgusted.
Saying "it's easy to date if you include fat girls" is like saying "it's easy to lose weight if you cut your leg off". Sure, technically it would achieve the goal, but the process is sufficiently degrading and painful that the fulfilment of that goal ceases to be enjoyable.
Can confirm. Fat girls loved me. They are more sex hungry too. If you don't have anything else go for it
She did smell but youre coping
lying again i see
Fat girls yes
Facial piercing no
I tryed 1 time in my life but she rejected me 
They are too disgusting to look at let alone stick my dick into.
I'd rather just lose weight and get jacked than date a fat girl.
True and unfortunately I would never be able to love them. I'm on tinder and fat bitches always message me first and try to get my attention.
