rejected by pakistani 
rejected by an incel 
i hate being a sub3 woman
rejected by pakistani 
rejected by an incel
You're black?
im white, just really ugly and pudgy
[x]Exist
[ ]Don't be fat
Verdict: Volcel
Become normal weight and try again
im not even overweight im just not skinny and dont have good fat distribution is it really that over for me
post someone who looks similar to you, im curious
what height and weight?
ahaha suffer scrub
pretty sad when even trannies are more of a woman than youll ever be ahahaha
i dont even know where i would find a woman that looks like me anon
5'4 and around 125lbs maybe more its been a while since i last got on the scales. no ass, no tits, massive belly and legs.
Let me simp for you, my queen.
The "massive belly" would be a hard pass for me, too. But is it like how many months of pregnancy? because a small pouch can be sexy
rejected by an incel
LMFAOOO VOLCEL STATUS ACQUIRED UMADBRO?
Wait, how did you get no ass and massive legs? It makes no sense. I guess you need to develop your personality, really. Would you say that you are either funny, or pleasant?
like 3 months maybe 
not mad, i wouldnt do me either if i were in their positions sigh
i have massive cellulite legs anon i got cursed genetics or something. im too depressed to be funny i try to be nice though.
If you are "depressed" you got to find a hobby to take up your time, and when I mean hobby I mean a real hobby not video games. You can work out at home and take jogs.
I feel you anon, I got rejected by things that gave nausea before, but it stopped when I got older. And a femoid with bad genetics gets an even harder life than moids with bad genetics. But I guess that complying with society and sculp that body can actually do something for females? And cellulite doesn't really matter that much too.
a femoid with bad genetics gets an even harder life than moids with bad genetics
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHSH
i got bad genetics too, we should have kids to spite the human race.
I'd say hit me up but you are a filthy race mixer so I'll pass.
it aint me bro kys
im 6ft and am skinnier than you lose some weight
you can't fail as white women
no ass, no tits, massive belly and legs.
You can easily fix that by working out and eating properly
im white, just really ugly and pudgy
Where are you from
