This is one of my biggest fears. How do I cope? If I see 10 guys on the street stronger than me they can just kill me and if not, steal my girl. What would your reaction be to this situation?
none of them are black though
None of them are alpha in any remote sense.
Own a gun
most of these guys look like average dudes. and one of them is a verified cuck
I don't know these people so tell me if I guess right. My first pick is the guy on the far left in black, my second guess is the guy standing next to the guy in the white jacket.
It's the asian one
I just keep walking i guess?
Am i supposed to challenge random strangers to a duel?
They are 8 people lol, wtf would you even do?
None of those are "alpha males", they look like frail tomboys bruh
It is a lot easier if you don't got a female to look after. Just figure out which one seems to be the leader and the rest won't jump in unless you're going way too far or already losing.
sneako is confirmed to be a dicklet thoever
I have a huge knife and I'm not afraid to use it.
they all look off-white
do real whites still exist in america?
According to Canadian law, we're supposed to phone the police and then perform fellatio on each of these men's sexual organs. If you use teeth it's considered battery
unless these mid fuckboys know how to utilize their number superiority skillfully it's a nothingburger
Own a gun for self defense. This is why the arguments attempting to ban "high capacity" magazines are retarded. You might literally need to shoot 10+ people. But yeah get a gun and train with it regularly so you can protect yourself in dangerous situations.
There are a number of uses for high-capacity magazines
It's Britain. And only 3 of them are actually white. The remaining 5 are MENA. One of them is possibly even half black, but he could also just be Nafri.
What did the Spartans do at the Battle of Thermopylae when greatly outnumbered? If they try to fuck with you then you run until you find a very narrow passage way and then you fight from that position, it takes away the number advantage by forcing them into a choke.
Yeah this shit is why I stay fit. I do pushups and bicep curls so I can swing well if time calls it, I also have anxiety all the time when I'm unfit.
