having a terrible workday
boring as hell and started to lose focus
decided to chat with my coworkers to keep my concentration
boss came in to check us
saw me talking to a female coworker(Alongside a male one but no one in this society gives a fuck)
jokingly said i am trying to rizz up her
she visibly took it seriously
tried my best to deny this shit because she's taken by someone else and i actually have no romantic feelings towards her at all
only made the situation worse
she stopped talking to me in the rest of the day
heard her dialing her bf and telling him that a 'retard' is 'sexually harassing' her at work and she wanted to sue me
i dont even like 3d women, or even women at all. The fuck should i do?
Not your fault Anon. Your response should depend on the severity of the situation. If nothing else happens, you could just ignore it. If it gets worse, confront whoever is making allegations with your side of the story.
You said a male coworker was there as well? He could be a witness. 
Hope this helps.
Bruh man
Fuuuuck...
That sounds like something I would do but at least I'm a tall /fit/ guy so I would get away with it a little despite acting like a sperg but it still would be fucking awkward and maybe even violent
Fuck that woman, she can't take a joke and she's a narcissist, literally not everyone wants to fuck her like she thinks in her head, some people are just silly sometimes like that and she had to make a scene out of it
You're probably not that attractive or something but when some "low value male" asks out a female then she instinctually acts repulsed to show that she's not on your level and to signal she only accepts attractive men
But like she's probably the retard for not getting a joke
You can get the jump on it and do the ol' uno card reversal to her
Go to HR
Explain the situation
Tell them that you overheard her calling you a derogatory term for someone who's neurodivergent
Explain to them that since you have ASD you find this highly offensive and actively making your workplace a hostile environment.
