Would you rescue a woman in danger? I wouldn't.
Why do people feel men that have an obligation to put themselves in danger to save random women?
I would only save a woman if she agreed to eat a bowl of eggs later
White women shouldn't ever expect white men to try and save them, it's good that in Germany for example they're holding women-only camps to teach women to handle weapons. 
Only women will protect other women, never rely on men.
I'd try save anyone in danger if I could do something about it. Don't matter if they're a woman or a man.
it's not really worth it, especially if the perpetrators are black.
Men are not entitled to sex
Women are not entitled to protection
No pussy? No free bodyguard
I saw a woman in danger and chose to not help. We all make our own decisions and are responsible for our own safety. I hope it was a lesson learned for her.
never get involved in a confrontation involving a man and a woman. its likely they are lovers and she enjoys the abuse AND she will turn on you to help her partner maim/kill you if you intervene. don't do it.
Agree. I've been in a fair few scraps before and got my ass beat plenty of times to know how to handle myself in a fight. I'm willing to risk bodily harm to protect someone. Who knows, you may make a lifelong bro/sis who's always got your back.
No because I'm not strong, have no fighting skills, live in area controlled by the left (will fuck you over legally), live in area with shitty defense laws in general, and one wrong thing happens and you're dead. For a stranger I couldn't do that honestly.
I would rescue anyone in danger, cause I am an empathetic, good, and honorable human being. You, in contrast, are a worthless, bitter, useless piece of shit.
you havent dont shit faggot you're a weak little pissant bitch larper pussy ass fag little scaredy puss puss muh scraps LMAO terrified faggot bitch
good little simp doggy good little simp boy doggy ah yes good boy!
Yeah I don't really do it for gratitude or anything, it's just how I've been raised. When I was little and defenseless people protected and cared for me, so now that I'm grown I try to care for those who are defenseless or being abused. Couldn't give less of a shit what hangs between their legs.
Depends upon the situation. A woman being accosted by a man isn't enough to make me like fight a dude or something, but I might go over and ask about the situation. I figure you could just ask her if she knows him, and if she doesn't just let the guy know he needs to walk away and leave her alone. She might be lying, and that's fine. I'd let the guy know that if she IS lying, he can always contact her later if they have beef that needs resolving. Seen a lot of dumb bitches manipulating bystanders in an argument by lying, so I think I'd just walk away if it was clear she was lying to me.
If it's violent accosting, I carry a gun, because I don't live in a cucked country. Not hard to intervene more seriously at that point since size and fighting skill do not matter.
Also, how fuckin hard would it have been to leash the dog to something to help? What kind of excuse is that shit? Just say you don't wanna help. That's fine.
I live in a big city and I don't think anyone would help me if I was in trouble. Homeless schizos and drug addicts have more rights than normal people at this point.
Modernity creates a world where everything has equal rights, including animals
Man chooses to save his dog because he has been taught that it is equally as valuable as a human
Foids flip out and say that he should have saved the woman
Foids go back to donating to animal shelters and legalizing abortion
His wife is wrong, simple as. You're under no obligation to help anyone, especially a stranger. the guy getting involved would have escalated the situation, not helped it. He did the right thing calling the police and leaving, that's what the cops are ostensibly for. His wife is a bitch, her husband would have put himself in danger as well as the dog by getting involved, doesn't she understand that? The woman's safety isn't his concern, she likely put herself into that situation and wanted to use her vagina power to summon help. It didn't work, and, and i'm glad the guy left.
reaaaaally depends in which country this happened in. if it happened in the west then women can get fucked lmao
you gonna get stabbed/shot/mugged lmao
m:not entitled to sex
=
f:not entitled to protection
Would you rescue a woman in danger?
I'm just going to call the cops and let them do their job.
Would your parents will be happy if you died defending someone?
No parents (well, good ones at least) would be. But they know very well I'm not the type to turn the other cheek. I've been raised like that.
If I die protecting someone, then it's a good death. But I'm not an easy man to kill so I don't worry. I'm not afraid of dying either, as long as it is for a good cause. People close to me have died protecting their loved ones or even strangers, this instilled a strong sense of justice in me.
Yes, if you couldn't tell by now, I grew up in a shit, rough place. But things are better now :D
depends on situation but 9/10 times i wouldn't. dunno if i'd even call the cops because last time i did that the operator didn't believe me. fucker didn't want to believe me, made a bunch of assumptions on his own and gave me shit when i corrected him saying i was changing details. eventually he just told me to go sort it out myself and call back if i couldn't.
Homeless schizos and drug addicts have more rights than normal people at this point.
what the fuck are you talking about, midwit? those people don't even have the right to a home
Good on you man. If it ever came to it, I'd step in to help you, I trust you'd do the same for me. If there's one thing my old man taught me it's how to throw a punch and how to roll with one. You a buff brawler type or an agile fucker like me?
If I die protecting someone, then it's a good death.
An honorable death. They would always remember you as a hero.
Are you feeling alright?
Enjoy the brain danage
They do have a point and you also have a point.
A woman who's being abused could turn on you for trying to help. But at the same time, there's just certain things as a society in that we NEED to be involved in.
few people would. sure people jump at the chance to white knight at parties if some dude showes a girl or some guy yells at his gf in public but if she's in actual real danger even the biggest whiteknights will do the virgin walk pretending not to notice. at best they call the cops.
who can blame them tho, once its escalated to the point where she's in actual danger its very likely getting mixed in will cause injury to yourself or the perpetrator, which in most western countries and many US states is ILLEGAL. fucking dudes in jail for beating up muggers and home invaders. dont tell the cops you have an intruder, tell them you shot him, that way they'll actually come over.
No pussy? No free bodyguard
/thread
Imagine taking aita stories seriously. I have made chatgpt make up fake scenarios and posted on the sub for ragebait and everyone gets so indignant
you arent honorable, youve simply been conditioned to be a simp
