The biggest reason robots are alone isn't their looks, it's their neuroticism. Nothing dries a pussy up faster than rampant neuroticism
It's also why they all want mommy gf's, instead of someone to protect.
Robots were dealt a bad hand. If they had the right friends and circumstantial combos of good social interactions growing up they wouldn't need to build an identity out of being a loser.
Interesting, never thought about it like that before. How do you propose robots act "normal" then?
This is probably somewhat true, I think it's largely environmentally influenced too. Most people just want to feel at ease, and the average robot has some combination of neuroticism, as well as environmental factors and past experiences feeding into that
yeah, im highly neurotic. i cant do anything about it
its not like i can spin and clank my slippers 3 times and turn into a dark-triad extrovert normie
im a diagnosed autist with schizotypal and other mental health issues
god is cruel
You're not wrong, that's what I touched on here >>73126093, doesn't mean they are doomed though. The first part of undoing damage like that is being aware that it happened in the first place
They need to get slapped and told to get it together instead of being miserable cunts.
The biggest reason robots are alone is that human females have monolithic preferences. A strong, assertive woman will have will have just as much ease finding a man to love her as a meek woman who lacks confidence, whereas for men, only the former is capable is triggering a neurochemical release in the brain of a woman. Yet the only way for a meek, confidence-lacking male to change is to receive love and affirmation in the first place. It's a biologically hopeless situation.
ah yes men who think. womens worst nightmare.
This post makes me want to beat up men that aren't neurotic but are clearly pussies when they're walking with women
You're mostly right desu, but your reaction to this information is where you go wrong imo. Also girls can like more than just hte prototypical 
Chad even if that's the most successful type of guy from a generalist perspective
Women love dark triad neurotics so this is cope.
Women feel attraction as a net situation. It's why a 7/10 can bawl his eyes out to his 4/10 gf and still have her be attracted to him. It's also why one bait trait like being ugly, neurotic etc. isn't a death sentence for being attractive. It's never as simple as one trait or feature
What is the right idea to take from it comfy frog?
yes, women don't like neurotics, but nobody wants to be one. people don't choose to be dark triad chads or beta neurotics. but it's also because of their looks because chad gets away with way more for having a good face.
the reason it's retarded when normies say to get a better personality is because they don't want good personalities, they just don't want certain types of mental illness. neurotics sound emasculine, and women haven't gotten the memo about feminism applying to their dating standards too.
See the brutality of the world and accept ti without bitterness or spitefulness. See room for improvement in the world and your own life. Be happy without being ignorant or naive. Easier said than done, but well worth pursuing
And then when you compensate trying to fill that by loving yourself, and actually manage to do it despite having nothing to really show for it, youll be outed as a narcissisist because apparently I shouldnt be loving myself when Im broke, poor and destitute??????
Yeah I guess the ladies want us to know who will win and who wont as its some sort of a dogma lol
assuming that this is true, and also assuming I have high neuroticism, how would women know when they aren't willing to talk to or interact with me in any way?
literally just making excuses for halo / failo effect
This would imply women settle though, hypergamy would mean that women take the best they can get and refuse to settle or date down, which means that at very least those traits aren't unattractive. Women don't just tolerate dark triad, they seek it out.
I see you obsessively asking the same questions anon, you seem very anxious to me, which is indicative of neuroticism. It's ok to be neurotic and have it negatively influence your personality, it isn't ok to be in denial about this and act as if your personality is fine. You said yourself your looks and career are in good, shape time to work on your personality, and step one of that is accepting something is wrong 
Making excuses to not introspect about potential personality issues 
I'm not disagreeing with you, women generally are attracted to dark triad behavior, for better or worse
Answer the question, how would they possibly know anything about my personality when they won't even interact with me? Do you think women can read minds?
and?
there is precious little you can do about neuroticism when it comes to making connections.
fake it until you make it? sure. you first tho. go act like a gigachad until you are one.
But as a son you're supposed to protect your mother
I aint denying that, im fucking insane
Constant rejections and invisibility due to my look turned me neurotic
this.
its so ironic how many times i've been told to go outside for having strong opinions on this when going outside has confirmed this more times than i've cared to count. one of the worst examples i can remember is one guy i went to class with would grope girls he barely knew at parties, like lift their clothes in front of everyone, squeeze their tits, slap their ass, textbook examples of sexual harassment and despite the girls being clearly uncomfortable and being many nobody did shit about about. there was even one girl who attacked another for being randomly groped because she was hoping to sleep with the guy.
meanwhile you get nervous and annoyed looks, short answers and get talked over. yeah pull yourself out of that one.
Chadfishing confirms foids cannot notice when a Chad is being socially bizarre
You seem pretty narcissistic to me as well. I don't think that but you probably have terrible body language and 'vibe' without realizing it since your narcissism prevents you from seeing yourself in a more realistic light. Women don't mind some narcissism, but narcissism and neuroticism is an extremely unattractive combination in a vacuum 
Fake it until you make it is unironically the solution to the spiral you pointed out. Neuroticism is heavily environmentally influenced in many cases, so positive experiences can undo the damage. It seems like you have a solid grasp of the problem and solution, it's worth fixing 
Fair 
You probably were susceptible to neuroticism and bad lack created a negative spiral of reinforced neuroticism. It's why so many young men are doing poorly nowadays, since in this environment women are much more likely to avoid negative experience spirals since we live in such a gynocentric culture, and because average and ugly women are much more likely to have positive romantic experiences than their male counterparts
Again, how would they know any of this without ever interacting with me?
Hope you like being called a creep.
this hubris and false assumption that i haven't tried.
I don't know for sure, but it's a good guess at least. Only you know if what I'm saying is true or not, so even if you don't admit it publicly, try to think to yourself if it's true or not. Usually it's mentally painful to acknowledge a fault, especially a major once with a lot of sunk cost fallacy tied to it, so keep that in mind too 
Usually creeps either fail to pick up on or ignore social cues from women. You can fail at flirting with a woman without it getting to the point that she feels the need to call you a creep, obviously it's easier said than done to pick up on every social que. Usually it will be body language imo 
I have no context. Maybe you tried the typical, brash confidence, there are different types of confidence, and even different ways to be attractive. You should lean into your strengths anon, not try to be a budget version of the stereotypical Chad
How am I supposed to have any idea of what cues are even supposed to look like when i'm 15+ years late at dating ?
You aren't making any sense to me. Of course I'm not lying to myself that women won't speak to me. I would do anything to get a chance to have a conversation with a woman. The problem is that they decide not to interact with me before ever seeing who I am as a person. As far as I can tell, that would mean it would have to be my looks holding me back, because I never get the chance to show anything else. What am I supposed to do when I can't even get a conversation?
Gay
Wow, that's great to know, because my mental failings are much easier to fix then my physical failings.
It's weird how most of r9k blames women when really, it's people in general who we don't fit with. Otherwise the average robot would have plenty of male friends
you just assume shit about people to reinforce your belief that women are these amazing judges of character. 
someone can make an impression before ever saying a word, we can agree on that, but you're retarded as fuck saying that the women rejecting anon are justified because he's a mixture of neuroticism and narcissism. dunning krueger and male feminism at work here.
Just read her mind using telepathy.
Its that simple.
If you cant even bother doing something that simple then maybe you deserve to die alone.
You're deflecting and intentionally misinterpreting me because you don't want the mental pain of realizing how shit your personality is. I'm not doubting your experiences, I'm doubting your analysis of what went wrong. I think you know your personality is a much bigger problem than you let on, it's a slow and steady road to acknowledge and address this 
When did I say women are good judges of character? You don't have to be a good judge of character to pick up on someone's anxious, desperate energy, especially if it's accompanied by the bitterness and spite that narcissism usually fuels. Women literally just want to feel good, and if you're giving off a neurotic and selfish vibe (not dark traid/hot selfishness, just emotional vampire selfishness), they will stay the fuck away from you unless you have other qualities to outweigh these
how about this, you are actually able to pick up social cues and they are uncomfortable every single time.
and retards like you claim its about being neurotic and not faking it until you make it
I agree.
We need more general normie hate
You'll be faking it for the rest of your life. Plenty of studies show a fully grown adult can do very little to change their core personality.
It's not a binary between bee urself and fake it. Also not self monitoring at all is not hte same as beeing urself. High neuroticism people usually want to believe this because it's most comfortable for them. Even the best looking Chads have to self monitor a little, hell even women self monitor all the time even fi they don't see it that way
okay but im sane, the closest thing i have to neuroticism is traits of ASD
Even if you want to assume my personality is absolutely shit, it wouldn't have any affect until AFTER women get to know my personality. The problem is that women aren't willing to talk to me in the first place. So they would have no idea if I have a good personality or a shitty one. They have already made up their mind before that.
I'm surprised no one drew lactating wojak milf porn. Sad really, imagine all the money the artist could make from that.
follow up to make it more clear what I'm getting at: I would like to find a way to get women to give me the chance to show my personality. Maybe you are right and my personality is shit, then it wouldnt make a difference. But I am willing to bet that women would like me if they took the chance to get to know me.
Women don't have God tier intuition, but they can sense simmering bitterness and angst. Since you are an uknown quantity to them it makes them anxious and they pre-emptively reject you with closed off body language, one word replies etc. Maybe you do have good personality traits that are overshadowed by bitterness, narcissism etc., but you'll never know for sure unless you address these personality issues which are blocking you from even getting your foot in the door
Red flag.
Youre giving me the ick.
You talk like Elliot Rodger.
Again, they never get to know me in the first place, they have no idea what I am like.
They get the general idea from your body language and the way you speak.
I can tell i am talking to a incel 1 sentance in.
You guys ooze evil energy it doesnt take much to notice it.
I'm really trying to help you but you aren't making it easy. This is my final reply 
doing things for other people (like protecting them, providing for them etc.) is submissive beta cuck shit.
your body language
I have good posture, and I don't close myself off by crossing my arms or anything. What exactly is body language that makes women think I'm bitter or angsty? 
like ive said a dozen times, women don't speak to me. 
i dont get the chance to show my personality. its never even a variable in the equation. Women make up their mind about me BEFORE I ever get the chance to show them who I am. Unless you think that women can read my mind, they have no idea who I am at the point they reject me. Please understand this, I feel like I am going crazy from explaining it dozens of times and it keeps being ignored.
Go to a psychiatrist about your narcissism.
Fucking dellusional incel creep.
You are allowed to be an asshole and attractive, but not an asshole and unattractive. They sense you being an asshole in an unattractive aka neurotic way. You aren't good looking enough to make up for giving the impression of a neurotic asshole. It's not as simple as they like dark triad, if you have dark triad traits expressed in a neurotic fashion, then they will find that very unattractive since both their subconscious and conscious will hate you. There you go, that's the answer you were looking for
Do not fail for this gaslighting.
i want to protect a mommy gf
how do they do this without ever interacting with me? Thats the answer I am looking for. I am open to my personality being the problem, but you have to explain how they could ever know my personality without interacting with me.
They make an almost instant, subconscious judgement of you, it's not a conscious analysis. Women usually use their conscious to validate how their subconscious already feels. It's why a good looking narc can have women love him while an ugly narc will be hated. It's confirmation bias. Also within that, like I said neurotic dark triad is unattractive and chilled dark triad is attractive because of the confirmation bias I am talking about. Women are fucking retarded so they usually just want to validate how they feel about someone already, not have a relatively objective analysis of the situation
So basically they are attributing a bad personality to me because of how I look? If that's the case then how can I change my appearance to make them think differently about my personality. Or at least make them willing to actually get to know me, instead of assuming I'm a bad person for being ugly?
If women only cared about looks why do so many women initiate divorce or lose attraction over time? Men don't hit the wall nearly as hard as women do.
The only thing they use to judge you is how sexy you are, a sexy guy can be covered in the blood of infants, and a foid will have a more tame reaction to him vs an incel who has harmed no babies in his life. Women are just shallow idiots.
After menauposing women loose all attractions and interests to live with a man
Holy fuck stop focusing in on the one piece of information that validates what you want to believe already. Your primary problem, or at least most addressable problem, isn't your looks, it's your neuroticism. Neurotic dark triad = ick = you bad person, chilled dark triad = yum = he good person. 
I don't mean to be an asshole but you need to wake the fuck up anon
Foids intiating divorce means foids are incapable of loyalty EVEN TO ATTRACTIVE MEN at some point she will get bored of you and that makes you on par with an incel to her so you must suffer hence she divorces you to mentally torment you.
How do they perceive neuroticism anon. Do they have a sixth sense just for it?
speak for yourself, wheres my neurotic bf
Your face any mentalcel can confirm women just giggle at their autism speech while giving death eyes to normies who have way better social skills than them. I repeat women are shallow idiots you fucking retard.
They perceive it, but it isn't some secret power. They just pick up heavily on body language, how you talk etc., and heavily trust what they're picking up on, simple as
How can my primary problem be a personality problem when I have never had the chance to show a woman my personality? Please take a minute to think about what you would do if women weren't willing to talk to you at all. Would you think it was your personality, or your looks? It seems obvious that it would be looks since that's all I get the chance to show. Like I said before, I am open to it being a personality problem, and if it is I will do everything I can to fix it. But all the evidence I have right now points towards it not being my personality, because no women have seen my personality in the first place.
Body language,speech patterns,the way you move your face,the tone of your voice etc.
You can notice their body language before they even open their mouths.
Thats what women base creepy or not creepy on.
The way you move,the way you hesitate etc.
You seem obsessive too, I am telling you right now your personality is the problem. There's literally a femanon in this very thread who flamed the fuck out of you for giving her the ick via your neurotic behavior. Your personality is your main problem with women, not your looks
This is cope, menopausal women are almost ridiculously horny in my experience.
So excitement > looks? Looks are actually pretty easy to control unless you lost the genetic lottery, but being exciting and "fun" is much more difficult. Dark triad guys are probably naturally more "fun" because they are more likely to break laws if it gives them a rush.
And could this even be fixable?
If you're just trying to make me hate women more and seek them less it's working.
Is it possible that men DO hit the wall, only the wall for men happens in their teens
Please explain how it can be my personality that's the problem when I have never had the chance to show my personality. Please. I would give anything to have one chance to show a woman who I am irl. It has never happened. Women do not interact with me.
It's fixable to some extent if you address your neuroticism and bitterness. The reason you're failing so hard is because your body language, mannerisms etc. reflect your heavily neurotic and resentful internal state. If you address the root causes, then your subconscious signaling to women will improve a lot, and you'll finally find out if your personality is 'actually' good or not
Youre a dellusional hateful creep and everyone can tell before you even start spewing about how much you hate women and hearing them speak is slowly turning you gay.
Youre a vile incel oozing with misoginy and neuroticism everyone can smell your hatred before you even open your mouth.
You are not a nice guy women just dont give a chance to you are a vile dellusional narcisist who cant tell how creepy he is and you should be sent to a psych ward before you end up like Eliot Rodger.
Older men (30 - 50) literally steal younger women from their male peers and it shows in every statistic. Only gays and trannys care about male physical characteristics.
Get cucked all the time by other dark triad guys, see the baby mama drama black criminals deal with all the time. As evil and monstrous as they are women somehow still will cuck these guys meaning there is literally nothing you can do to stop a foid from cheating on you they just cheat there is no reason they just fucking cheat mindlessly.
Chad could have all those issues and still slay.
You can bring a horse to water, sorry anon I tried my best. Hopefully over time you can slowly wake up to reality, I know it can be traumatic to unravel all your delusions simultaneously so you're probably just trying to avoid that, good luck
What a dumbfuck nigger you are lmao
What are you talking about? No guy thinks this just looking at a random dude he doesnt know, only women have this mental illness. Guys instead gauge if the guy is stronger than them or sexier than them.
these people are not me
Also I am willing to offer the same deal I gave to the people over on /adv/. I am willing to give anybody $1000 if they can give me a way that lets me show women my personality despite being ugly.
You think the guys beating and cheating on their gfs are all male feminists? Oh I get, you're just pretending to be retarded.
become a plumber
Women will still date a neurotic tall guy.
Nothing and I mean nothing else matters.
This is true. There is nothing less attractive than a high strung scrote. Also they are dangerous. A mentally unbalanced man isn't safe to date. Depressed men are more likely to take others with them when they rope (see all the men that kill their entire fucking families then themselves). It's because men are so egotistical they 1. See their kids and/or gf as their property 2. They literally think they are the center of the universe and that their family is better off dead if they are dead too. I've heard this excuse from multiple scrotes. Look at that diary of a wimpy kid scrote that was "planning to kill justin trudeau" but first killed his mom "so she wouldn't have to bear with what he did". Yup, that is scrote logic. They are really that self centered and evil. They are fucked in the head! I will NEVER date or even befriend a neurotic scrote. As far as I am controlled you should all just fucking off yourselves and leave everybody else alone. If you are a depressed man you need to get this 1 thing straight: YOU DON'T MATTER. TO ANYBODY. FUCK YOU
You're being ridiculous, if women were so keen on staying away from negative fucked up men, they wouldn't end up with abusers so much. Don't get me wrong, there is a certain behavioral aspect to our failings with women, but it can't all be summed up with bitterness and negativity. I'm positive and happy all the time and I still give women the ick.
Chatrooms lets them see your le personality but the instant they notice your face aint Chad its like your le personality never fucking existed. Its insane I had foids giggling like crazy saying Im so cool but once they saw my face its like I killed their mother or something meanwhile most guys dont change their behavior once they see a foid they are talking to aint Stacy unless its a fuckboi of course.
Whoa, ease up cowboy. I'll tell you what anons have been omitting until now.
It's both. Women, shit, people in general, don't really like ugly people, it's just how it is, and you already know this.
Pair this with an unappealing personality? You ain't even getting your foot in the door. You can only improve your looks so much with proper hygiene, sharp clothing style, haircuts, working out, you know the deal.
However your personality is much more malleable, that is...unless you have a mental illness or are in the spectrum of course.
If you were near me I'd try and set you up with some girls I know and get them to help you out man. You at least wanting to try is a sign you're not a lost cause yet.
tl;dr. It's your looks, and even if a girl saw past it, chances are your personality just seals the deal for her to not give you a chance. So improve looks as much as possible, then you have more data to play with.
nope, they dont.
t. 6'3 wizard
Retard we are talking about foids LITERALLY ANY NON CHAD TIER FACE IS PERCEIVED AS UGLY TO THEM. Alot of incels have completely fine faces that arent revolting in the slightest but missing a couple mms of le jaw makes them EW GROSS KILL YOURSELF to foids.
Oh no, I completely agree with you there, brother. Shits fugged.
I have already improved my looks as much as I realistically can until I have the money to get plastic surgery and leg lengthening. I'm fit, do skincare, get nice haircuts often, and I dress well. I believe that if I could get the chance to show my personality that women would like me. But I cant even get to that point.
I'm in New England
if I can pull girls with my face and height, then I'm pretty sure at LEAST 50% of incels can as well. So according to you it's not that incels are too ugly but that women are too demanding? Mmm, interesting thought. I haven't found it to be true personally, but I know better than to pretend that anecdotal evidence is fireproof. I'm not a fucking chad and I do just fine man. Maybe it's a difference in cultures? Women from India are different from women in Russia or Colombia.
LEG LENGTHENING? isn't that shit horribly painful and dangerous? goddamn you have some balls if you subject yourself to that.
Fucking hell bro. I'm far away...but I do have a very close friend of mine vacationing in York until the end of July...maybe I can set you both guys up and get you can get help from her.
Nvm I'm retarded I read England instead of New England. Can't help you out unless you fly down to south america lol. Sorry bro ://
yes leg lengthening is supposed to be really painful and dangerous, but I am willing to do whatever it takes.
All good, thanks anyway bro
if you're gonna subject to that amount of pain and suffering you might as well just try approaching women in socially acceptable settings bro. Sure, chances are they'll reject you and you'll feel like shit, but you can get some info out of it, and plus I'm pretty sure the surgery is going to be waaaay more painful than getting rejected.
I do approach women, the problem is that I get rejected before I ever get the chance to show my personality. My hope is that after surgery, women will be willing to get to know me.
you do? damn man that's rough. I guess american women from New England are just a tough crowd. I found girls in Florida to be more open to cold approaches and just more bubbly and lively in general.
Kek, this is true. My face is 3-4/10 and I've had multiple girls fall in love with me only to ghost me after trading face pics
Nah. You will protect your mommy no matter what.
Incels want mommy gf mostly because moms loves you unconditionally. This is the reason.
that and probably because incels have only ever felt feminine love from their mothers and thus they crave for it.
This is a phenomenon that is not limited to incels either lol.
I love to rape my mommy gf she cant do anything about it and still loves me unconditionally :)
that's kind of what happens when you don't get the positive reinforcement needed to be a "man"
This isn't actually true though, women love aggressive emotional retards with cluster B personality disorders or bipolar disorde.
