Is there an evolutionary explanation for this ? Taller women don't even notice my existence, unless they're also fat.
Retarded humble brag post.
They are insecure about their height and want emotional peace by bagging a tall guy. Usually short girls, especially if they are underdeveloped, struggle with not feeling feminine enough. It's the same reason so many asian american girls are obsessed with getting a white bf to validate their existence and quell their emotional turmoil.
I feel.
I'm only attracted to tall women, too.
I hate feeling like a fucking beast domineering over my partner. It makes me feel disgusting.
I hate being taller than everyone.
I hate people assuming I like being tall.
I hate women complimenting my height.
I hate being asked if I play basketball because of my height.
I hate having spindly emaciated limbs.
I hate being tall.
Short girls need to find a tall husband compensate so their sons wont end up midget incels.
Tall women dont have to worry about that so they just go for the best face for their son.
I die inside a little every time somebody calls me "big guy."
Is 160cm really that short for a girl? Thats how tall I am, and I consider myself pretty average. But my boyfriend is 173 cm. I just hope we dont have a son lol. Height isnt a big deal for me and I never got the obsession over height difference relationships
Never got that because I'm so slight of frame, but I can imagine it. Sorry.
I'm so jealous of women being able to date up in size as just an expectation.
epic
yeah i hate when those goblinas think i would flush my genes down the toilet for a piece of their ass. Nope, my wife has to be at least 180cm tall.
It isnt a big deal to ME. That does not mean it isnt a big deal to other people. I would not want my child to feel insecure or get picked on for something they cant control. Im aware enough to know that most women do not like short guys. Not that theres anything wrong with their preference, but its just the way it is.
so it is indirectly is a big deal to you.
You are not going to bother understanding my perspective because you have one narrative in your mind and everything must fit it. Enjoy being a retard and completely missing the point.
I get you, anon. That guy is retarded, don't worry about it. BTW, your height and that of your bf add up to 333 cm. Pretty cool. Also, if you had a son, he'd be around 173 cm.
I'm 185.5 or a bit more and I like tall girls, taller than me.
that is unironically incredibly shit as a senpai, getting a toiletfriend is difficult enough for a 6'0 manlet like myself
why are you posting on r9k if you know girls are attracted to you? what makes you think you even remotely qualify as a robot?
You can only say this shit because you have no clue what it feels like to be a manlet, faggots
This, fuck these bratty pissbaby lanklets
It has to be some attention seeking larp, even right ITT there are posts like >>73122077.
We suffer.
hey 6'0 and above anons you might be taller than me but I will outlive you and piss on your grave nigger
You'd literally deny a life because your son would be born slightly short. You're fucking evil and deserve no sympathy.
what's truly astounding is that they will say you are somehow in the wrong for complaining about it when they are basically eugenics-posting
That's not even a humble brag. After 6'4 you are basically freakishly tall, like double-take head turning tall.
Tbf I wouldn't wish being short or ugly upon any other unborn male, maybe eugenics aren't too bad.
that's fine, but own it, the problem is that this dumb bitch wants to have it both ways
"i don't want you to think I support eugenics, but in reality, I'm all about eugenics"
I feel you so hard. If youre not a dominant person, being tall sucks.
My boyfriend is Asian. Do you truly think the world would benefit from a bunch of little Elliots running around? Hapa men are extremely self loathing. Not my fault.
if i see you in public i will commit homicide
literal tutorial mode and you fucks still fail
That's just it though, once you pass a certain threshold women really don't find you attractive unless they have psychological issues/a fetish and you become little more than an exotic animal to a lot of people.
Honestly I wish I were a manlet
Since I'm a wizard sperg because aspergers and I have no will to live 
Being a manlet would be more comfortable
And I'm disappointed in my frame (wide shoulders, narrow ribcage, not thin hips) and I have back problems and my knees kinda hurt from walking right now so I would gladly be a manlet if I had more aesthetic frame and no pains in my body
I'm too ascended to get pussy even if I look good, for me I'm just not enough so I don't even bother
6'4 is the new manlet cutoff
She looks very tall herself though. Tall women deserve very tall men.
Tall women don't deserve to have their fragile sense of femininity validated.
d-despite all my r-rage im just a rat stuck ina cage
Why
Being tall also kind of forces you to learn how to be somewhat social, since you're literally an eye-catch in a crowd, regardless of how you actually look. It took me years before I accepted this, I struggled a lot after my high school growth spurt(s). I gained 4 inches within three years, I still have horizontal stretch marks on my back that are more than half a decade old now. And I had an awkward gait during my junior and senior years of high school, since I basically had new legs, and while I didn't get bullied for it, people still joked about it, which made me increasingly self-conscious, along with my new overall height. It's better than being a manlet I imagine, but my personality doesn't mesh with being tall. 
My god if I didn't hear this at least on a monthly basis in my first few years after hitting my current height. Every single time someone new interacted with me, they'd ask me about basketball.
I just ignore people. I keep my head down in public and if I have to sit still in public anywhere for a couple of minutes (say, standing in line, waiting for the bus, sitting in a waiting room) I take my phone out to signal that I'm unavailable. Wearing headphones helps too.
After a while you get sick of nodding along as you pretend to listen to somebody's life story, and then you have an epiphany: "I can read manga on my phone."
The basketball thing really pisses me off too. It's a stereotype. Imagine if you walked up to a fat person and asked them "are you a sumo wrestler?" or a black person "how much KFC can you eat in one go?" It feels like they see you as just a big dumb gorilla who's only good for slamming rubber balls around, like you have no identity of your own.
what's that? if it's anything 6'+ you should gtfo, get fucked, catch aids and kill yourself for complaining about anything. if you're an incel you should kys once again cause you obviously deserve it and are absolute genetic garbage and a genuine piece of shit horrible human being if you still cannot get any pussy then you're either autistic sperg etc etc etc etc and should kys for a third time
tiktok isn't real life, doofus
cope faggot. if you're tall and attractive you get shorter prison sentences and on top of that women thirsting for you. you literally have no reason to be complaining about ANYTHING when you have superior genetics
Unironically start powerlifting. If you bulk up and keep at it for 2-3 years you will be fucking chimp strong.
I hate you
It is, princess. Unless you're Guatemalan or something.
Literally a single inch below the average female height you fucking imbecile. You're objectively wrong
Life is horrible
You're just short and mad about it
