Why are scrotes like this?
I haven't dated a single person in my life, how am I at all similar to that?
Because you were too ugly for it
lol, you are so fucking pathetic and worthless. hahaha, honestly. seriously. you are fucking worthless
thats not how men work. men are, statistically speaking, desperate for anything, most men are
ahahahahah, bro, you live in a fantasy buble. its females who engage in hypergamy, not men
Just because she wouldnt go out with you doesnt meant you didnt ignore your looksmatch while lusting over Stacy for your entire youth, like all men do.
Applying herbs
I don't get this image because that woman is better-looking than 90% of robots.
Incels like you are just nasty obnoxious bullies in ugly loser bodies.
Not really, I've had chances to get laid but I didn't want to.
My looksmatch is a physically fit, average faced woman. How are you going to cope now?
Be for real.
His looks match was chad only just like every other woman.
yeah, sounds about right
and im not an obnoxious bully, im a vegan. how can you call someone who loves animals a bully?
You say that because you're a simp with no standards. Your post says more about you than anythjng else.
All in all it's just another scrote hit the wall 
He don't need no hair follicles
He don't need no finastride
All dark and moldy in his bedroom
He will probably die alone
There is a very narrow strip between disgusting people and that's the dating sweetspot. For men the line's dividing incels and sociochads, for women it divides ugly unfuckable bitches and stacies.
Most men here are incels, while women here seem to be evenly distributed between ugly unfuckables and stacies, both are shit tier but I'm willing to bet you're dead center on the former. If you want any advice just aim for someone who's willing to tolerate your mental illnesses stemming from low self esteem.
They might be a bit above average by virtue of not being fat but calling them Stacies is a bit much, no?
And another ones gone and another ones gone
Another hair bites the dust
Hey you're gonna lose yours too
Another hair bites the dust
I am fat, balding, and have erectile dysfunction and am only 27...it's fucking over isn't it. I never chased Stacy but one time did turn down a girl who asked me to dance because I was shy. I'm still doing badly but have a semi-decent job in IT at least. I don't expect anyone to date me though.
Nah, some bitches here are hot, but not most of them.
Nah I was aiming for a 5' chubby Asian girl. I wasn't aiming for Stacey. I wasn't even aiming for Becky. I was aiming for a quirk chungus.
