Why are there virtually no socially liberal, economically conservative people in the country? 
Are there any countries that have that type of political ideology? What does it look like irl?
See all those yellow spots? That's mostly the Libertarians. Can basically sum it up as "Don't tread on me, or my hookers, or my drugs."
Isn't that the western world you're describing?
this graph looks so silly
i bet they consider supporting gay marriage to be centrist
90% of human worldviews to them are so right wing they fall out of the scale
Libertarians are retatded that's why they get no votes.
pro 2A
pro weed
less to no taxes
no foreign wars
This could get a lot of people on their side but then they go
legal abortion and LGBT shit
completely open borders
put a retard in charge who is a clown
I would prefer socially conservative, economically socialist. If you get what I mean OP
Also most people don't even know a third party even exists. They should be focusing their entire funding on facebook youtube insta tiktok ads with populist banners.
Most amerimutts only know demoncrats/republicucks
Because we have a retarded, two party system
Could have been a 3 party system if Lolbertarians weren't incompetent and actually marketed themselves properly.
There's also an effective monopoly going on but in terms of political power. People with influence within both parties have massive incentive to squash up and coming 3rd+ parties to the detriment of everyone (imo). Not to mention it has never been more expensive to get elected to congress, so being well connected has never been more important, which means it's even harder for new parties to succeed
Are there any countries that have that type of political ideology? What does it look like irl?
Basically the whole EU. They are taking the economy in a neoliberal direction (privatizing everything), while also trying to increase freedom and rights socially.
trying to increase freedom and rights socially
[citation needed]
The first part is absolutely true. They've never grown beyond their edgy teenage neoliberal phase, but sadly the EU is also being misused as a dump for all failed existences within the great parties, chief among them the president of the european commission and its also used as a back door to sneak in unpopular laws such as mass surveillance that they can't enact in their own country due to how unpopular that would be. So they hand it over to the aforementioned politicians and get it enacted this way with the added bonus of playing the populist card next election about how bad a surveillance state the EU is.
All this graph proves is that human beings are completely retarded and vote based on 1, or 2 issues max. Also, that they have no core principles, or philosophical values. The fucking colors are all over the place.
Also, being socially "liberal" and economically "conservative" requires long-term planning, rationality, honesty and a non-violent disposition. 95% of the human population lacks all 4 of those characteristics. Everyone wants their gibs at the expense of everyone else and if you don't want to give them gibs they'll imprison, or kill you. That's humanity in a nutshell.
Are there any countries that have that type of political ideology?
No.
What does it look like irl?
The closest we ever got was late 1700's USA, before the Constitution, but after the Articles Of Confederation. Yet, we still had things like slavery and certain sections of the country were run by wacked-out religious cults.
I wish there was a sensible party.
Women have no rights or whatsoever. All drugs legal. All guns legal. Legal actually means legal. No gibs or programs and no taxes except on exports/imports to ensure that goods from home are much cheaper than foreign shit. Shoot immigrants as they try to cross the border, fiercely independent and protectionist policies. Religion has authority over it's members; major example being marriage and the wedding vows. Till death do us part means she is executed in divorce. 
Also remove some politicians, some billionaires, and people who currently run media, for no reason in particular. Just keeps it more interesting that way. Maybe send them to Palestine or Ukraine, they seem to really have a lot of interests in those two countries for some reason so I'm sure they'd be happier there.
I'm one of them
don't vote
love negative rights
want to be left alone
Full on lib, but it's Trump.
Because "social" comes from society, a society is the sum of personalities, and personality doesn't exist. 
Reality of humans is that they're just living biological bodies, who think they're conscious. 
Maslow may have thought self-actualization is the very top of the pyramid, while in reality, it's the very bottom. 
The real peak is extrospective actualization and transcendence, there is no one word for it because it's far higher than our average intellect, thus left not termed.
As a matter of fact, your own body, your tissues, is of higher consciousness
So "bodies, who think they're conscious" are not conscious? And who is thinking it then?
Because conservative economics is a cover for for "fuck niggers and let big businesses rape and pillage" which nobody who is socially liberal would pursue.
did you look at the questions they used to determine this? i haven't so i can't have any opinion on it, and i'd advise everyone else to have the same attitude toward these things.
I wish I could see the graph for a country without two dominant parties
