I wanna doxx someone I dont like. 
Do you think it's okay if I just go ahead and do it? Will there be repercussions? I dont want to get busted or face any responsibilities for this.
So how do I justify this to myself? It's his fault for having an online presence, right? He should've taken better care of his online footprint, right?
owww it horts
Doxxing
It's spelt "dox"
be really angry at someone for 15 minutes
cause him damage that will linger on for decades, if not millenia
im in bed but tmr i will give you a step by step tutorial on how to execute your plan on steam LIVE tmr at twitch.tv/2no1_
It's only illegal if you're doing shit that's over the top. Like hacking, harassment etc. Doxxing is just a form of humiliation and there's really nothing more to it.
People are usually doxxed so they'd "take responsibility" for something they've posted online.
The irony is, that the doxxer does not want to take responsibility for whatever happens after the doxxing. Because it usually starts a bigger media uproar than they originally thought or intended
Responsibility is such a goddamn meme word.
Doxxing is just a form of humiliation and there's really nothing more to it.
Doxing isn't even a form of humiliation; it's just dumping someone's personal info/documents online. If you're humiliating them it's not just doxing and you're doing a smear attack
Give you my state
Give you a street that's within 15 minutes from my home
What the dox doin?
The irony is, that the doxxer does not want to take responsibility for whatever happens after the doxxing. Because it usually starts a bigger media uproar than they originally thought or intended
If you decide to react by becoming an even bigger asshole and trying to bait more people with the dox, people's psychological reactance kicks in and you can minimize dmg probably
I'm OP and I want this guy never to get a job again
I dont want this to blow back in my face in the form of a lawsuit or some feminists defending him
Petulant and cowardly trying to recruit others to be your personal army because you lack the courage or social status to actually harm them. It's just pathetic. Move on and try to learn from the relationship so you don't get so butthurt at a person again 
I've had moments of anger where I exposed people that wronged me but at the end of the day it was ineffective because of what I said above. I lacked the power to enact real revenge what was done is done and I just had to stop seething
Yeah but wasnt the Internet created so that spiteful yet cowardly people can sit behind a monitor and act out their power fantasies?
 I wanna doxx someone I dont like. 
Why dont you like them op?
They wrote pedo shit online.
I just know that I felt pathetic after doing it like here I am still hung up like the cucked loser I am letting them continue letting them live in my head rent free re-living the humiliation every time I let myself get angry thinking about them
I do not forgive or forget but I let go a little. Fuck them
I want this guy never to get a job again
wtf did he do?
he asked me if i wanted to go out with him fucking moids disgust me
he asked me if i wanted to go out with him fucking moids disgust me
How dare he nona
then he beat the shit out of my wristlet sugar daddy
Wrote pedo shit like I just said
Like what is this some discord drama or something?
Kek that's hilarious, you should do it. Do you have a screenshot of where he said that?
2GGAYS
do it. I'm tired of pedofaggots fucking around on his site free
What about human rights and pedo rights though?
Isnt this kind of medieval? We shoulda evolved past the lynching mob times.
maybe you should try doxxxxxxxxxing him instead. that would be more serious
Shhhh, I'm the person she's talking about, and she's lying.
Oopa
ngl that's pretty based, total power move.
Will there be repercussions
Really depends. What country do you live in? Have you breached any laws to get the informations you have? Does the person you're doxing knows you personally? Could a judge perceive your post as true threats or not? What is your credit card number?
lol are you talking about me? I would probably kms so you should do it just to push me over the edge. I don't have much a of a reason to live anyways.
Does the person you're doxing knows you personally?
I mean I have her address and her full legal name. Is that personal enough?
(Psst, hey, you. Yes, you. I'm lying for the luls.)
No I meant, do they know about your existence?You could get a restraining order if yes and they find out.
I'm not OP my boy, and I don't know what this thread is about kek
Reconsider it. Hate is like drinking poison and expecting someone else to die. Don't do something you'll regret later.
