Why have you given up on dating, when you could just try one of these?
I am an Indian guy lool
"specialized" dating apps are full of scammers and catfishers that know their victims are absolutely desperate
because I've had been opportunity presented to me IRL and I was stupid
one girl wanted to marry me, another had year long crush I felt nothing but apathy then only to feel remorse and regret years later
I am litteraly to poor, ugly and my country is too much of a shithole To date SEA
that sounds tempting since I fit the bill a lil
that's sad anon
i would date someone disabled but imagine going on one of those sites able bodied lol. i'd look like an abuser from the outset
I met a SEA girl on interpals and she has been obsessed with me for years. Met her when she was 21 and she is now 28, have told her multiple times I don't want to date her and she still says she will be loyal to me forever and wants me to marry her. She says she is religious and is waiting for me to take her virginity too. 
I'm not white or american. I'm a poor mexican dude that don't even have a job.
are white brazilians desired by anyone
Bollocks. I'm >>73125031 and there is always a brown SEA girl willing to be with you.
I am a yuropoor and i have never had any actual conversation with a women on interpal despite messaging lots of them.
Latinos are desirable. Yuropoors are not.
You should go all in on her you fucking fool, god has bestowed her on you and being with her will motivate you to get your life in order.
There isnt.
t.5 years on interpal and actually learns an sea language.
Also went to sea and got rejected multiple times.
Daily reminder that the most ugliest disabled woman still will not choose an ugly man
be disabled femanon
be SEA
never been to the sea
only ocean
scam...
your argument falls apart, looks don't matter. you can find example after example of ugly dudes with someone. you'll move the goal post that it's not love or whatever but it exists
Have you tried messaging all SEA girls from 18 to 25? Granted interpals isn't the same it was years ago but try messaging those girls.
I even got messaged by random SEA to esex a few times. They are all horny religious women and want someone to marry them or to be whores with with no consequences.
I don't have money to go there or bring her here. I keep telling her to go be with someone else but she says she doesn't want to.
She is also too prude to send nudes or camwhore for me so it gets boring.
Where did you go?
Yeah i tried. I actually learn bahasa.
I went to thailand with no success. I am probably too poor/ugly/my country is too much of a shithole.
I am also learning malay and indonesian.
That's cuck behavior. Never learn anything for a woman, you are the conqueror and so she is the one that needs to learn your language.
Were you trying to just get laid or be in a relationship? A lot of the girls there are very christian and/or muslim and don't want to be doing things without knowing you are serious about them.
I don't want retarded, tranny, or Asian gf. Because I am white and able bodied.
Relationship. I actually dont care about getting laid that much. Not that i dont have libido but i just dont want sex for the sake of it. I'm not muslim even though my country has really lots of them so i know how to talk to them, what is allowed and whats not.
I've been on interpals for 10 years. I've been learning Mandarin and Persian since. No girl has ever replied to my messages, and only men do. I'm short, brown and ugly but American. You're delusional if you think interpals could work for ugly/average non white men
It's women. As long as you don't cross into touching them and other such things that are too much they don't care about following all rules.
I'm brown and average and not american.
Well, idk man. I tried messaging a few women years back and they simply ignored me so I stick with guys these days. I help them with English and they help me with Persian or Mandarin
