are these still possible on /r9k/?
Nope. Enjoy your podzog dystopia
Not really, but they can be. Make it happen
are these still possible on /r9k/?
nothing stays the same
Bumping with a comfy pic.
Yeah but you have to time them right 
Friday or Sunday nights are good times I think 
And just bump it and start conversations with people yknow
Im looking forward to the weekend even though I dont do that much differently
Just slightly less working on things and more unashamed Me Time 
How about you lads
This looks cosy but those candles are a crazy fire hazard
Nah, they're fine, just don't knock them over.
Comfy threads are the best. I had a pretty relaxing Friday, mostly driving around. It's finally been warm and sunny enough for the lawn to dry out. It felt good to mow it and make things look a bit tidier
Cosy :)
The 100 Cozy Wood
always want to support comfy threads
comfort of the night
lights in the distance
Comfy elephant friend
are these still possible on /r9k/?
Yes
How are you holding up senpais? I am recently stressed and overwhelmed, primarly because it's getting warm so there are more people and noise outside, but there are things I am looking forward to that may give me some peace
Someday I'm finally gonna let go
I know there is a better way
Image posting can be a pain since you need to put something in the text field.
Ayye comfy thread is still up
let us bring about a comfier world
hello friends :DDD
Ive been stressed for a few weeks now waiting to hear back from my tism bux reapplication
Just slightly on edge until I get a decision back, I cant relax when something like that is pending, its like it hangs over me
what is this image from? found someone called Cassandra Jean dunno though
Having a comfy date night with my wife and our bull
Its ffxiv fanart by some jap on Twitter
Best bet is to reverse image search on yandex and look through twitter sources, I can try it later when im on PC
Snow biome best biome (Minecraft in real life)
I replied about the wrong post durr
Still best to just yandex source search idk sorry
Based thread, anon. I'll be happy to contribute some.
Not enough cuckolding in this thread to truly be comfy
Original text and image
Go be a cuck somewhere else
Just bumping this quality thread with more comfy
I'd like to camp here for a couple nights
Very comfy. Is this that place which is the National Trust's first property they got?
Comfy old time depiction of cuckolding. It's normal, it's natural
I don't remember. I found it in some unrelated thread, I think.
Dark and dreary is my home.
Moar comfy
I've always like this image.
This one is nice too.
Makes me want to play the snowy Christmas GTAV map again
Contributing to the thread herdieywheh.
What are some good vidya that take place in snowy settings?
The long dark is one that entirely on snow that i remember
Mostly stressed out, in a dead end job with not much hope for the future. At least i still have a somewhat amount of free time, but i motly waste it doing nothing or watching random shit on youtube.
