6/10
5'4"
skinnyfat hairy skellington
virgin
still live with mom
no gf
no friends
no job
no money
no car
no ambitions
no creativity
mentally ill
hypoglycemia
addictive personality
Frequently say weird/inappropriate shit in social situations
Lazy when it comes to "putting myself out there"
No gf and no friends
That's about it. Otherwise I'm successful in life and all my physical stats are great.
Mmm, new cope thread to find excuses to stop trying :). Off yourself.
Do you want a gf? or is it just an extra thing (It's great to have if i can have a great one i'm compatible with, but if not, then it doesn't matter)
Been trying my entire life, the things that are wrong with me seem to be unchangeable.
1/10
5'5.5"
overweight
virgin (KHHV)
no gf
no friends
no job
not allowed to drive 
mentally ill (schizoaffective, anxiety, MDD)
NEET (w/NEETbux)
ED (Erectile Disfunction) 
3 inch erect penis 
receding hairline
shit memory
Go on, name some. I bet 0.7 xmr that you can change them with enough money and/or work.
6/10
5'4
shitty job
still live with family
tired all the time no matter diet/sleep schedule/coffee intake
too antisocial to speak with anyone unless they speak to me first
3/10
socially retarded
neet
only hobby is vidya and streaming it
short frizzy hair 
cant drive
theres more but im sleepy
Do you want a gf?
Yes, but it's not essential to my happiness. At least not at my current age of 23. I'm sure if I'm still alone by the time I hit my 30s it'll be a completely different story.
only hobby is vidya and streaming it
link?
4/10 
25 
6' tall 
virgin 
neet shut in 
depressed 
Idk I feel like I should put myself out there, but it all feels so pointless. You have to be a soulless emotional rock to get a hot gf if you're as good looking as I am, and for a good emotional relationship I'd have to date an average looking girl, which seems meh. I find it hard to have deep relationships with women since they tend to be way more vapid than men, but maybe I'm just shallow or jaded from meeting shit women in the past, idk
its winteiris on twitch
aw i seem like such an asshole self promoter now
disabled
brown
tiny


that's all i can think of, really, am i gonna make it?
6' tall
I dont like women
nigger just download Grindr and catch HIV from some "femboy"
live with parents
can't hold a job
no interest in studying
social anxiety as fuck
no friends
can't hold a normal conversation
autisitc
political extremist
childish demeanor
low empathy
disabled
brown
tiny
this is the truecel. everyone else here is fake as fuck. try being this brown man
4.5/10
not depressed, neutral
unbelievably lazy
very hairy
internet-induced kind of weird.
no car
live with parents
don't do much other than work and lurk
skinny
anti-social
what kind of disabled? what kind of brown?
6,5/10
6'1''
19 almost done with hs
aspie probably
internet induced type of wierdness
fragile and delusions of people being against me
anger issues
on and off alcoholic and/or drug addict
been hit on by women several times but always managed to screw it up
4'' erect
Im hopeful that im gonna make it out eventually though
I was told im genuinely an asshole by someone who wouldn't lie to me and im realizing that my mask broke and im just a spiteful jaded hurt person.
I let myself get this way, but it isn't like this is what i wanted or liek it was out of nowhere.
Too many people have made me the third wheel / lead me on / gone cold on me.
MY family is kinda cold to me now, i dont have many friends left, i have never been able to land a real relationship anywhere despite trying , and now i can't even be a nice helpful person at work because im just destroyed in my head.
I am very self sufficient. can easily hold down jobs, always have a car, dont live with parents, im normal looking, in ok shape, im not short, i dress kind of shitty because i dont spend money on nice clothes, im jut a shitty personality now. 
Im trying to get my own place because my roomate are kind of shysters and their antics are making my headspace worse.
built like slenderman
gender dysphoria even doe I'm tall af
mulatto genes
schizo
Autistic
Neurotic
OCD
manipulative
underweight
too idealistic 
can't live in the moment
post in this thread hoping for someone to tell me there's nothing wrong with me
no one does
None. what is truly wrong if I only perceive things as what they are, traits as traits, occupation as occupation, the world as just as it is and nothing else? I simply perceive things and classify them efficiently. There is no inherent right or wrong: simply what is. AMBATUKAAAAAM
virgin
sperg
live with mom
no gf
social recluse
NEET but on NEETbux
mid 20s, never had a job
dropped out of middle school
no car, no driver's license
weird, even by autistic standards
honestly your looks aren't anything to write home about but you're not hideous and you'd look better with better lighting and more sleep. i think your hair is nice and you have a pleasant voice. seriously stop staying up so late.
32 (old)
fat
George Costanza Norwood infinity bald
Lazy eye
Dumb, boring, no real hobbies
no degree, work shitty warehouse jobs
extremely bashful and shy
no friends online or irl
Still live with mom
There is no good or bad, only what is and what isn't.
skelly
old 
Miserable and it's obvious
avoid eye contact/conversation 
work gross blue collar job (and like it) 
don't leave the house
no friends or anyone to talk to 
spend the little free time I have playing vidya alone or working on the bike/car alone
various drugs
many others but those come off the top of my head
why would you want to be this brown anon
what's it matter to ya tho
mentally or physically disabled? genetic deformity or injury? brown like mixed race or hispanic or brown like a streetshitting pajeet?
Everything about me but idk if it's wrong
idk my face rate but I'm definitely top 70% at least
6'0"
155lbs
12%bf
7"x5" peenus 
had 1 sex for free then paid a bunch times
23 still live w parents
no gf
no friends who I can see daily
a mediocre min wage job
some money
no car but drive my parents'
no ambitions
I can be creative if I try
docs say I have autism and anxiety and depression so I guess that's my mental ill
I'm addicted to nicotine a little
I have a waifu (picrel) and believe she is real
I'm a super submissive boy who has a mommy kink
I'm into the occult and stuff and believe it is real
my friend says it's stupid but actually he is
I hope that I do not develop psychotic symptoms like my mom's brother
honestly your looks aren't anything to write home about 
thanks for rubbing it in even more
and i cant sleep im too busy crying. i wish i had the money for surgery so a guy would actually feel proud to be with me
the only thing a guy needs to feel proud of is a girl who loves him. as i said, you're not hideous.
Everything's fine with me except
never had any friends
never touched a woman
I'm tall, about to get a degree in mathematics, fit, am classically trained in multiple instruments, speak multiple languages, have a plethora of active hobbies, am a great conversationalist. 
Yet i have never had a single friend. People call me too serious, despite also saying i have a great sense of humour.
i actually think you're really brave to show your face online when you feel like you're ugly. that takes a lot of charisma and that's something i would never even think about doing.
too tall
old
mentally ill
can't handle social interraction
neet
poor
can't drive
don't enjoy anything
virgin
dumb
lazy
zero talent for anything
horrible memory
thoughts about harming those who ruined my life
loner but often feel lonely
will never have someone love me
one person who did gave up on me because i'm useless 
no future
like it when i'm bullied :(
Not sure i will make it out of this year lads. It keeps getting worse each year, i'm not sure i can take this anymore. As soon as i finish playing games from my backlog (yes, things like this give me will to live even if i don't enjoy them anymore) i will probably end my life.
Good luck and stay safe out there
im circumsized
HAHAHAHA! EVERYONE POINT AT THIS LOSER AND LAUGH! KEK!
virgin
very very little experience with women
ginger
crooked teeth
generally bad dental hygiene
work an unskilled job
no useful skills or talents whatsoever
poor diet
poor impulse control
still financially dependent on parents
have just a few friends
neurotic 
weird body that is neither skinny, fat, or athletic
Even writing these out isn't getting me down to much. I'm okay with the life I live and I'm content with having friends and family who love me.
little big brained tiny mutant. injured mixed SEAsons.
bad at connecting with others on a deeper level
skinnyfat
adhd (lmao)
lazy beyond what could be attributed to adhd
unfounded belief of own superiority
self-aware but not enough to stop from falling into the same traps over and over again
anxious
kv
bad at initiating most things (projects, relationships, even simple household tasks)
passively suicidal since age 10
either creepily quiet or loud and annoying with little in between
sounds worse than it actually is, all things considered. i'm pretty good at hiding most of this and my biggest problem is most likely the lack of initiative.
4/10
skelly
virgin
still live with parents
too paranoid to fall in love
no friends
no job
no money
no car
no ambitions
no creativity
mentally ill
hypoglycemia
addictive personality
dude we r basically in the same boat
do you like platformers and shooters and hate anime?
