Is there one? Is this it? Is this the sole way that white men can survive the coming storm? Perhaps it would be better if we had never have been. However, I am not above resorting to such cowardly, scavenger-like tactics in order to secure a future for myself, as a white man.
what a fucking sad excuse for a thread.
The fact you have that picture saved is proof how gay you are.
Yes this is our future and I embrace it. Locked in my cage right now while my gf texts her bull
Mossad/mentally ill cuck thread, hold ctrl and left click to hide them in the catalogue bros
It's looking more like total nigger death every day. Soon everything below Canada will be experiencing extreme heat, places like Africa and India will be hot enough that mass death events will occur. Whites will win without doing anything.
The blacks and browns will just stream into Canada and northern lands as they're doing right now.
They'll die. The journey is already hell as it is, with that kind of temperature as the norm the wastelands that guard Europe and North America will kill even more. Some will make it but most will not. I was talking to some Bangladeshi a while ago who said he had taken 5 icy showers already and was still feeling like death while doing nothing and staying in the shade. That he could afford the showers meant he was better off than most. People don't understand the scale of nigger death that's coming.
Do you know what a Greenhouse Effect actually is? You do realize that were such a scenario to transpire that your own heat death wouldn't be far off at all, right?
this is some elite level coping, mostly because it's unnecessary hatred lmao. The people posting these ridiculous whitey outrage bait threads are not black people.
It's going to transpire. Everyone below Canada and Scandinavia is fucked, basically. But there are degrees of fucked, the Iberian peninsula for example will become Africa-tier but still habitable. But places that are already very hot (the more humid the worse) such as the ones I mentioned are fucked beyond belief.
Everyone below Canada and Scandinavia is fucked
That's not how Greenhouse Effects work. The planet just keeps heating and heating because more and more gases get produced which get trapped in the atmosphere until you end up with Venus. 
Moron.
It doesn't just magically stop at a certain latitude, you fucking retard. Why on Earth do you think it would? It's a snowball effect. 
And btw, as the planet keeps heating the oceans keep expanding due to the rising temperature which floods most of Europe and submerges the parts where practically everybody lives.
We won't end up with Venus even if we went full balls to the wall with fossil fuels, retard, and the warming will hit already worse-off areas more heavily. It's not very hard to understand.
Obviously it doesn't stop at those latitudes, but those are the coldest areas and so will be able to eat the increase in temperature. I don't believe the memes about the Baltic becoming the new Mediterranean but that's how it is.
We won't end up with Venus even if we went full balls to the wall with fossil fuels
Yes we would. In fact we will. It's unavoidable. That's what fucking greenhouse effects are. 
It's not very hard to understand.
I would have thought so but clearly it fucking is. Jesus Christ.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenhouse_effect
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenhouse_effect#Runaway_greenhouse_effect
