As I'm sure you all know, the tall male "Chad" agenda has been perpetuated for years now as part of the ongoing psyop to destroy the traditional family unit and weaken western society. This is being artificially pushed in media and social media in attempt to effect dating culture as well as demoralize and radicalize young men.
Although the negative effects of this are more severe for women, I value the solidarity born of mutual suffering, and empathize with the male struggle on this issue.
The question becomes, what can actually be done about it? You all sit around all day and complain about this, but I see no effort for resolution. It's just complaining and whining. How do you intend to actually put in effort to resolve the issue, or at least contribute to counteracting this dysgenic agenda?
I take action by sharing my wife with other men. We both get all our needs met that way and it really is superior to date that way. I encourage you to do the same
you're completely retarded if you think you have the ability literally anything about the world or other people
like actually functionally fucking braindead
1. Import 3rd world waifus
2. Let western roastoids rot
Fuck the white race.
ability to change ***
sorry, I am also retarded but I am slightly more intelligent than braindead like you OP
You can't, your only hope is that society collapses and you find some roastie who's desperate enough for shelter and not getting killed to sleep with you.
That is only supporting the agenda. You are no better than cucks, trannies, communists, and lefties importing rapefugees. Then again you're probably a seething nonwhite trying to demoralize white men
This is exactly what I mean. This just sounds like excuses, excuses. You absolutely CAN do something with the power of solidarity. Social change has always been directed by people gathering in numbers to create change in favor of their best interests. Without that social mechanism, you'd all be serfs working 16 hours a day in the factories and fields for the dictator.
You're truly that brainless? You can't come up with anything that would fix society? It doesn't have to be super realistic. For example, I've discussed this before on this board but I would systematically enslave and neuter dysgenic men. Not realistic, but it would fix the issue.
Oh and I would say I hope you suffer an unfathomably horrid fate, but the fact that you people come on here every day to spam bbc cuck porn can only mean your life already sucks so I can just relish knowing you're already suffering
Or you're also a seething nonwhite knowing white men are preferred by all women
Seethe, roastoid. You had your chance and you blew it. Now you have to live with the consequences. Good luck competing with big booty african queens and cute SEA women. Any guy with any kind of self-worth will choose them over your entitled ass. Enjoy getting pumped and dumped forever.
Government assigned femboys
Good luck competing with big booty african queens and cute SEA women.
I don't have to, the vast majority of men of all races prefer white women and that is not going to change anytime soon. 99% of "wahhh western women are trash I'm getting a SEA slavewife" passport bros are revenge fantasy larps that will ultimately marry a fat white girl or just kill themselves down the road.
The only men running off to thailand or wherever are the ones no women want in the first place. When you look at the clients of those services it's always balding, fat, flabby old guys, neither "chads" nor the eugenic cute boys that should be promoted.
Uh huh 
Pushing the homosexual agenda to cute young boys that will destroy their mental health. Die out
HRT prevents twink death and the resulting mental health destruction. Men are superior to women in every way including as sexual partners.
It's not a psyop. Yea, there are women who prefer short pretty boys over tall masc chads but does that really make a difference in the grand scheme of things? Both are in the top 10% of men and most men are limited by their genetics. I don't think there's much of a "societal solution", it's more like individuals who are undeseriable to women either become desirable through means like surgery and weight loss, they either try their luck in poorer countries where fiscal security still matters to women or they simply accept their lot in life and learn to cope alone. 
The blackpill isn't going anywhere, young women hand out free blackpills every day to young men thanks to social media now.
As I said, enjoy getting pumped and dumped by your genetically superior Chads. They don't want you at the end of the day. Your choice is between growing old alone or settle with a beta you despise. Either way you will grow increasingly bitter and sad as your youth vanes never to come back.
Meanwhile SEAmaxxing will only become more prevalent because more and more males are waking up to the reality of western women. Who wants a woman who secretly loathes you? Gratitude is what separates 3rd world qts from western harpies.
Could you better define "the tall male Chad agenda"? I'm not quite understanding what you mean, unless it's the phenomena of "chad only", or most of western society singling out/disparaging non-chad males?
you have to be delusional to believe this
No idea, I can't identify with general population in general. 
I have a different vision for the future.
Not entirely yes, but it is to an extent a psyop. It baffles me how men do not realize it, but incel culture is a psyop brought to you by the same people that push feminism, trannies, globohomo, covid vaxx etc.
It is intentionally presented by major media as a Big Bad thing because the reality is that that attracts discontented and frustrated people. They will be drawn like moth to a flame. 
From there, it's a matter of constant curated content that is demoralizing and enraging, funnelled into the brain 24/7. This, like mainstream feminism, is part of a larger effort to make young men and young women despise, avoid, and be hostile towards each other, by telling each that they are a victim of the other. Ask yourself what Certain People(tm) have to gain from other Certain Demographics(tm) not breeding.
When you look at the parallels between it and known past psyops, it is impossible to think it isn't at least in part an intentional psyop.
Talk about proving the point lmao you're undoubtedly going to spaces like this one, where screenshots of abhorrent women are posted in large volumes to intentionally demoralize men. Of course, intentionally steering clear of showing the way the horrible things said by those women are met with exponential lashback and condemnation from other women.
Like clockwork
this person is just baiting people for attention, anon. don't pay them any mind as this person does this regularly.
genetically superior Chads
I quite literally said from the beginning that this is the type of male we need to get rid of
Yes, the promotion of tall, hypermasculine, old men as an ideal to be met. Women are easily mentally programmed into preferences based on what they are told to want.
Some women, I should say.
Ultimately we bear the brunt of the discrimination against short men
Find a way to biologically program loyalty in roasties
I assume you're part of the psyop?
Full on resentment for ordinary men on full display while screaming this isn't acutally a thing. Women truly have no self-awareness. It's fucking mind boggling.
This guy >>73125976 is completely right. Women themselves are the biggest blackpillers out there.
Give up basically, it's over 
Don't help chad or his harem
Asian women literally have lower standards thats why white guys fuck them while white women have sky high standards hence the white 20/80 problem in dating.
Yeah and instead we need to discriminate everyone who aren't "eugenic cute boys that should be promoted".
Because we totally need social system based on your fujo masturbation fantasy. How could anyone be against that.
You cant get rid of "ugly" people btw. Heavily inbred families of sexy people somehow spawn not hot people meaning not hot is a genetic mean for us humans no amount of muh eugenics will get rid of it because nature doesnt give a shit about beauty only form
There's several things, but one in particular I see mentioned but rarely elaborated on is women's standards.
Think back to the early 2000s. You know how guys used to see absurdly skinny airbrushed models in magazines, and think "Yeah, that's how most women should look"? And how women developed insecurities, eating disorders, and all sorts of mental health problems in trying to chase these impossible beauty standards? And how they formed communities that further enabled these issues?
That's basically what men are having to deal with nowadays. Just replace magazine models with Instagram/Snapchat Chads, pro-ana communties with lookism communities, and bulimia with bonesmashing. 
When faced with expectations based on "Chads" that are 90% incredibly lucky genetics, botox and filters, people feel like they're trying to reach something that's flat-out impossible. And more and more are giving up on trying to compete with these standards, either becoming either depressed at their own lackluster appearances, or hostile towards society for enabling these expectations.
But unlike when women had to deal with the insane standards set back then, there isn't a social awareness of this issue. There isn't normies trying to support the people dealing with mental health issues caused by this. Instead, the men get told that these standards are perfectly normal, and that it's THEIR fault for not meeting them.
for ordinary men
They're not ordinary men, though. Again they're usually like the bottom 2% or so. Objectively, when you look at those clients, they are predominantly overweight/out of shape, middle aged, and/or ethnic men, who struggled to obtain women (or at least higher quality, attractive women) in their own culture. Those are more or less universally undesirable traits for women.
You're putting words in my mouth. It's been a thing for decades, although it used to be primarily eastern European women and has sort of shifted with time to primarily SEA women.
Calling it standards downplays it. Its an attractive constant like child bearing hips to men
Not living up to certain standards as a woman will at most mean you won't get chad. Not living up to certain standards as a male means you'll spend your entire life alone.
wow. OP asks us how we are gonna fix it and not how she will fix it.
im not surprised.
I know several and they're absolutely ordinary guys who realized they could skip out on your bullshit standards, demands and hypocrisy.
As a western woman, you're of course gonna demonize them because SEAmaxxing reduces your own inflated smv
This is what you might think if you don't frequent normie spaces. I've seen plenty of tiktoks and tweets of some internet-B-list-e-celeb girl being all "u guysss men have unfair beauty standards too!! Body positivity is for everyone don't be mean to the poor men we need to normalize this (watery eyes emoji spam) (picture of a meh mildly pudgy guy with a weak jaw) like if you agree haha"
And a crowd of females is always "yes omg sis someone finally said it (clapping emoji)" "omg same I'm Not Like Other Girls who are demanding (please pick me)" blah blah. It's quite nauseating actually
I know several and they're absolutely ordinary guys
Uh huh. How old are they? Let me guess, over 25?
As a western woman, you're of course gonna demonize them
I didn't do that. I actually do feel kind of bad for those guys and I hope they do end up with something that makes them happy. Doesn't mean I have to sugarcoat reality.
Yes ^_^ I'm glad you understand
Unironically would be beneficial to society as a whole
Like you've said, the examples that do exist are mostly just shallow virture-signalling by people who often support the thing they're claiming to be against.
I mean more that when normies hear about things like bonesmashing, mewing, jelqing and the other insane things that boys are doing in order to try and meet these expectations, they find it flat-out hilarious. Rather than viewing them with concern or horror, in the same way they would when hearing about girls forcing themselves to vomit in order to lose weight.
As for ways to deal with this issue? I genuinely can't think of any effective solutions. Not without fundamentally trying to change society, at least.
And again whenever I see tiktoks or yt shorts of guys showing off jaw surgery the comments are always full of females all "this is so sad that you feel you have to do this (watery eyes emoji)" "I mean if you're happy that's great but we shouldn't be promoting this (frowny face)" and so on.
To be fair, anorexia/bulimia inevitably *kills* the subject eventually if left untreated, and irreparably destroys their brain and body to a far higher degree than, say, a typical cosmetic procedure. Compared to something like mewing, yes, it can be a bit humorous. They're not equivalent. I'm sure some dude has died in a freak cosmetic surgical procedure gone wrong, just as some women do, but it's not a typical result. 
Dudes getting actual surgery for their jaw is typically met with a similar reaction as women getting nosejobs. Again the "well good if you're happy but you looked fine before! (usually a lie for both sexes) let's not normalize this okay you guys you're all perfect the way you are :3"
Also, there was a headline a while back of a lady who died bc her breast implant exploded inside. Virtually every comment section across the internet found it hilarious. Likewise there was once an episode of "stories of the ER" about a lady who got an illegal bypass that almost killed her, and it was met with a similar reaction.
Right but the dating market being dystopian has everything to do with female choice. The average woman has unfettered access to more men than any woman did throughout history yet they choose partners based on facial harmony, not being recessed and other facial qualities and height. This IS how women choose their partners when they have unlimited options and that's all "blackpill" is. This is clearly how WOMEN choose their partners. The joos didn't do this
Yup, and those bald flabby guys spend decades chasing fat/ugly women who chase chad then they decide to find love and happiness in the Philippines with a woman who respects and likes them. How evil of them
Most guys below 25 still have to figure out what a horrible investment a westoid roastie is. They're still trying to cope and buys into roasties shittalking SEAmaxxers. One day they also will realize a pragmatic approch to romance is the best approach to romance and that trying to get along with a westoid roastie is the least pragmatic thing you can do.
Again, what does a western woman offer compared to a third world one? Fucking nothing except entitlement and bitching.
To be fair, anorexia/bulimia inevitably *kills* the subject eventually if left untreated, and irreparably destroys their brain and body to a far higher degree than, say, a typical cosmetic procedure.
I mean, leg lengthening surgery is becoming a more and more common thing, and that can easily leave you in a wheelchair for the rest of your life if it goes wrong. And even if it doesn't go wrong, it still impacts your ability to walk quite heavily. And the more we see "6'+ minimum" get parroted, the more guys are eventually going to do that.
Anyway, back to the question you posed in the OP, since we're getting off-topic. 
The people here aren't the sort of people that actually have the ability to do anything about this. The only people that can really do anything about this are the elites, Chads, and women. 
The elites won't do anything because they actively benefit from the balkanization of western society. The Chads won't do anything as the status quo is also actively benefitting them, since it enables them to fuck as many women as their hearts desire. That only leaves the women - and truth be told, I think they're genuinely content with the status quo too.
I pose this same question to you. What do YOU think can be done to resolve this issue? Is there even a solution to this issue?
This is false though, look at any poll and women were more content in previous decades. Good luck getting them to admit to this though because feminism tells them women's liberation is a good thing and feminism can't possibly be wrong. Women should do the opposite of what men want because men are evil. What the actual data says is irrelevant.
There is no grand problem for incels. Even on /r9k/, the vast majority of men here are total normalfags, and even the self-proclaimed """lonely""" guys and incels have had gf's/girls into them before and/or they've gotten 0-1 rejections in their entire lifetime. It's not dire at all for men, and certainly not for women lmao.
the negative effects of this are more severe for women
Most suffering woman in existence.
"""lonely""" incels actually trying and/or SEAmaxxing in the long-run if they've racked up countless rejections.
abolish gender and gender roles and expectations entirely give everyone a level playing field become androgynous nubile beings
SEA cunts dont respect shit they are facialsexuals like all foids. The entire le asian girls like BWC crap is because asian women are facialsexuals so who find white faces more attractive than asian male faces so asian women are already a colossal blackpill on foid nature they will backstab their entire male race just because another race is facially superior
What fantasy world do you live in?
Completely impossible to happen within our life times.
The real world. Try actually visiting an """incel""" thread and ask them how many times they've been rejected.
Incels.is perm ban your ass if you admit you had sex
Different website and different topic. I don't know much about incels.is, tbdesu. I've seen one screencap of a guy rejecting a fat girl once, which certainly I'd hope would get him perma'd.
Except most SEAmaxxers are Korean men and SEAmaxxing even works for black Americans now lol. I never siad they were angels, status and fiscal security however still matters to them
Nobody buys your women most affected bullshit.
Anon women are monkeys all they care about is their gina going tingle thats why a homeless Chad can make a rich man raise his kids
I think the main way to combat smv inflation is for men to raise their standards collectively. Ofc thats not realistic, but societys perception of the male gender is that they are the pursuer and often desperate and need to prove themselves. 
Its fucking embarrassing how low moids bars are. 
Heres the thing, women kind of have to be way more cautious and vet their partners more than men because they face more risk (pregnancy, violence). And when they consent to sex with a man it is them showing that they trust the man to an extent. So when they see men that will fuck literally anything they can get their hands on, they feel protective and put more walls up. 
I think its wrong and unproductive to demand the more vulnerable to be less so. You cant force attraction. However I think it IS ideal for men to raise their standards collectively and stop hooking up with or chasing ,,good enough,, That makes women feel used and will be more selective. 
The desperate attitude most incels display is unproductive and unattractive. Youre so desperate youre willing to fuck anyone= woman is replaceable and disposable thus she will not go near you.
Why don't you guys try talking to Filipinas in the Philippines on Tinder yourselves? They literally wanna meet straight away and you can casually date or go for ltrs with most. The notion that they all want your passport is a meme, they are just more attainable foe western men. Again, I never said they were angels but women in third world countries care about status and money too which means dating isn't impossible for the average man yet
Why yes. Your proposal to be a cuck is demoralizing and enraging.
It's not just not realistic. That's utterly impossible. If 80% of men raised their standards significantly, that'd just mean the rest would be massively rewarded to have low standards.
Raising your standards as an incel is obviously just shooting yourself in the foot, but obviously don't let her know you don't really value her.
And if you're retarded, yes. But rich men with self respect don't do that shit, this is an r9k meme. Just don't be a cuck or foid like when you're out there. You have 10000s of women to choose from, why choose a slut who is a single mom just for her looks? This is no different to how women get pumped and dumped over and over again. Don't be a fool, pick a good girlfriend and then move there. If she fucks you over, find another one. It's not hard when you have 1000s of option, is it?
Average male mammal literally will fuck the first female it comes across, meaning its not desperation is normal male mammalian behavior. Who cares what the mentally ill subhuman sex(women) thinks, a Chad running up to a foid saying OOGA BOOGA IM GONNA RAPE YOU does nothing but soak them so women are just full of shit about le desperate and insecure teehee
Lol he thinks the rich guy WILL KNOW those kids dont belong to him
I am doing my part and stopped being desperate. When I did I realized that even a gigastacy isn't worth the effort required so I quit. Relationships with women only happen if men are desperate enough to be stupid and not see how one sided the shit is. If they were able to control themselves nobody would be getting into any relationship.
Immigration. For every one male immigrant we need at least 3 females under the age of 30.
No one said women don't have strong preferences. It's that incel spaces severely exaggerate how bad things are and constantly - and most importantly, *exclusively* - reinforce demoralizing, enraging content to an abnormal degree that human minds weren't made to handle without breaking down.
Normal people who engage with the real world see both positive and negative content and that's why they are not as emotionally and psychologically sick. Incel space inhabitants see exclusively extreme levels of negativity - it's not normal, the human brain was not made to have constant, unending exposure to perpetual demoralization and violent hate content. It is quite literally making you neurotic, antisocial, schizoid, and mentally ill. What we see happening in these young men is, literally, an unprecedented severe mental illness - extreme depressive symptoms, anhedonia, and in some cases extreme violence. And yes, there is intentional effort to create this phenomenon behind the scenes.
In a roundabout way i was trying to convey that its impossible and there is no solution however im under the belief that most incels genuinely just have some kind of mental illness that hinders them from being approachable or doesnt take care of themselves+have a nasty attitude.
Its not that women love bad boys or evil men, its just the halo effect of his attractiveness covering his evilness so hot evil men get away with it more often. And If youre ugly then you have no halo to hide ur ugly personality. 
In my day to day life, Ive found that kind attractive men and kind unattractive men both equally have partners. Of course their partners are usually their looksmatch. 
So if an incel truly is stuck the way he is and theres no solution like he says, and is unable to force attraction to a partner below his standards, then I do think there is basically 0 solutions.
Sorry not sorry, tradcuck rper, I'll continue not to work until sex robots are on the horizon then I'll maybe get by in service industry working a low end gig in order to afford my unit. Keep malding tho, it makes my browsing experience all the more entertaining.
The solution for almost all """incels""" is to actually try for once in their lives. The rest of them who have can almost always SEAmaxx.
See >>73127480. Men are still fucking just fine.
Did you fall for the Nigerian prince emails back in the day too
How do you "try" out of being a 5'7 mulatto? You don't, left end of the Bell curve low IQ cumskin. But I digress, I went here for good vibes and now I have sad vibes. Fucking white boys can't even keep a party going. Peace out.
Oh, I came back, non passing trannies. If No Pussy No Work comes to this thread tell him I said hello. The chance is low but still non-zero.
That's a huge chunk of men. What have you even tried?
Warm approaching (2 rejections), being bullied and outcast by everyone at HS (1500-2000 indirect rejections from women), trying to socialmaxx by going to a party (everyone there was just flexing their partners and I went there with a friend, people thought I was either gay or retarded, rejected by the 12 girls at the party).
Listen, girlfriend haver, you don't know me or the struggles I've gone through, it's absolutely over for me as a 26 yo adult virgin, I will never get a gf 10 years my junior, I will never get a gigastacy to suck me off, I will never get a demure girl who lets me take her virginity consensually.
But sure, go ahead and tell me I should try online dating. Like I haven't been rejected by 1500 JBs already.
Then don't have kids? Why don't you casually date? Surely, anything is better than being a depressed invisible incel in some major western city dystopia
Lol, lmao even. Yes, I agree people should touch grass and try to be happy alone but let's not act like modern day dating isn't one big dystopia.
Then WHY bring them out of the shithole? Retards who take them out have no one to blame but themselves. I know like 7 incels who moved there and their lives are 1000x better.
You want a perfect super young hot virgin gf? Lol. You've only had 2 real rejections, so I don't think it's even close to over. Also, I didn't say "online dating". I would recommend SEAmaxxing to anyone who feels they have no hope whatsoever.
Genetically engineer men and women to not exist, create a monosexual species of humanity
based and snail-pilled
just must be an ugly mulatto, I'm a mulatto and I've never had problems to that scale and I'm autistic and faggy
Genuinely I want this
It's a sad day when the best reply I get to mmy story is a "whoa you must be ugly", like no shit Sherlock I'm an unsightly man with a droopy eyelid and a terribly malocclused lower third.
Somehow this is still better than telling me to SEAmaxx as the one race Asian women hate jfl.
For one, this is an issue that oddly enough I virtually never see addressed: you all are fat. You love to talk about women being fat, but statistically, you're fatter. A huge portion of American men would massively raise their chances if they'd literally just lose weight. Again you love to pull the "just don't be fat!" thing yet for some reason seem unable to fathom it applies to men too. 
There's a ton of men who have actually attractive faces beneath the blubber, but it's not evident because their faces are fat, sallow, and bloated, their jawlines are literally obscured by fat. You don't need to be super fit - once again, something you all love to do is cite studies, but gloss over the one that found that women preferred "dad bods" that had a bit of belly fat and instead claim all women need men to be shredded when that is objectively untrue. In fact I'd say you can be slightly overweight and be fine really, same goes for females, a lot of it is fat distribution types.
This would greatly swing the dating market in men's favor.
Secondly: conditioning. As much as guys hate the body positivity thing, those are generally the only people actually encouraging the acceptance of unattractive men in a way that is palatable to the mainstream population (read: not coming off as violent and insane as incels do). Match what is being done for women: models, mannequins, etc should reflect normal looking men. And much like we started shaming the modeling industry using underweight women, do the same for men and obvious steroid usage. Ironically, the only people really pushing for this is leftie women.
Third: shifting away from dating apps. I don't know how this will be done but it needs to happen for everyone's sake.
Black people can SEAmaxx.
(2)
What's odd about the second one is that again, men seem opposed to it. Women understood that a large portion of the reason why a lot of men can't get hard for normal-looking healthy women is because of porn, hentai/anime, social media photoshop etc conditioning men. Hence they started protesting it.
Men love to whine about unrealistic standards but do nothing to protest the origin of those standards. You don't see male gymbro tiktokers doing the "here's what my body looks like unposed/natural", which was a trend for female athletes. You don't seem them expressing discontentment over fictional portrayals of unrealistic men, nor over steroid enhanced male models. You attack the branches and leave the roots alone - it's gonna grow back.
Also, 1) better educate girls on "here's the difference between a man with healthy dominance and aggression versus actual psycho" because I don't care what you all say, they are similar and can be difficult for anyone, including men, to distinguish, and 2) teach young men to be at healthy levels of assertiveness/dominance/masculinity because most men are spineless cucks. You can't change women's hardwiring to like said spineless cucks, and that would be dysgenic anyway.
Dating market fixes itself. Most people will get gfs and marry. But not everyone will be a Chad though and many will have to do with the sloppy seconds. Did you not get the update on the incel situation? Incels fell down to 13 percent of the population and most of them are young guys anyways. Its divorce situation and fertility you should be worried about.
Kinda simple honestly. Just don't subscribe to the meme of the "dating culture"
EzPz.
the best answer i can offer is to allow the system to collapse on itself. we're headed for economic collapse right now, and that is going to be the best possible scenario for the family unit. guess what conditions made that culture necessary in the first place? you and your group were in the middle of fucking nowhere, you had a few hundred people in your settlement and no one could travel much of anywhere quickly. so what did people do? hold down the fort for a few generations. multi-generational households are and will be the norm in the third world and much of the first world. that's literally a driving force behind modernization, you cut out the middleman of starting from scratch and started with a home/land/investments/etc and were free to improve your standing.
we've gotten away from that. some kids are thrown out at 18 or even earlier. many people don't even graduate college until they're 20 or 22. that's why you have this bullshit, people are having to get their life together too late and they're having to get it together in the first place, often on their own. a systemic collapse of the monetary system will create mass scarcity and adverse conditions. that's going to suck donkey dick, but the massive silver lining is that all those young single women and men are going to have to band together. people will have to go back home, partly because they can't afford to live on their own and partly because their parents won't either. so you'll see the immediate (and somewhat rocky) return of traditional family households in a matter of a year or so. after that? guess what, all those houses are full now, people are talking, you're no longer quite so atomized. you can afford to sit down and talk things over with your parents and you'll have reason to, you're sharing a struggle which is 100% proven throughout history to improve sociability by simple survival instinct. "daddy issues", "mommy issues" etc start to get resolved -
1/2
2/2
- and young people start feeling more confident as a result. the social anxiety starts to fade, because you're working and putting food on the table for family. you know you're capable, you're not just spinning your wheels in a shit job doing nothing or grinding yourself to the bone to pay simple bills previous generations only had to contribute to a family pot for. and guess what? not everyone will like that. so they try to find ways of improvising things: maybe cook an extra meal at home to save money. maybe instead of going out to a movie, stay at home and do something there. but who gets to stay home? my guess is it doesn't really matter, people will figure out that someone at home makes a ton of sense to save money and make life easier for everyone. so you'll see a breadwinner/homemaker dynamic again.
bam, your issues are fixed in ~5y or less, probably a lot closer to 1 year for a lot of smart people. so why hasn't this happened yet? no impetus. you do not have conditions that facilitate the development of happy families and sensible, looksmatch dating because those are all relics of necessity. they make a ton of sense, they're inherently happier for everyone involved long term, but for right now the easiest option is to just boot up tinder and fuck if you're +7 or boot up porn and whack it for -7. seriously, who the fuck wants to put the time or resources into dating when you can beat your dick as a male or grab a vibrator as a female? you don't get anything out of dating aside from a quick fuck these days, and you can please your brain with less time/effort/expenditure using porn. that is extremely unhealthy and everyone is getting the idea now, but it's not happening fast enough: it still makes more sense even with more knowledge of adverse health effects to just masturbate. you're missing the connection, you're missing shared bonding through conquest of life, -
2/3 apparently
3/3
- and those things can only return once things go to shit. and the fucking government doesn't want that, because it means less worker drones. you get less tax revenue and less GDP. this is of course the fiscal boomer take, i won't get into any of the more outlandish reasons why it might be happening, because it doesn't matter. for some reason, the government does *not* want nuclear families or multi-generational households, so it stifles that dynamic whenever it can. divorce law, lgbt marriage and "rights", institutional feminism, cultural drive to get men working or to stay in the army for their whole life, these are all means of keeping people from making families and keeping them at work instead. monetary collapse solves this because the government basically gets the finger at that point, i.e. "fuck you i can't keep living like this. you're going to have to give me room to breathe or i won't work anymore and take benefits instead", etc. it will make more sense to allow people to live together as a family.
my guess is it doesn't really matter, people will figure out that someone at home makes a ton of sense to save money and make life easier for everyone. so you'll see a breadwinner/homemaker dynamic again. 
How does that save money? It's overall less money being brought into the household.
People are already living frugally. Movie theaters have been declining over the years, so have many public venues. All you'd be doing is subtracting nearly half the household income for an archaic position that isn't really necessary anymore due to most household tasks being expedited via machines.
maybe cook an extra meal at home to save money
Outside of particularly bougie people in big cities, virtually everyone primarily cooks most meals at home the vast majority of the time. Most people ime only eat out like once a month or so.
Masturbation doesn't have adverse effects for females.
Also, pivotal difference is involved. For men masturbating is an inferior option to sex, for a lot of women unfortunately it's superior. That's part of why the difference between sexual desperation exists in the first place - for a female, the only way sex can be better than masturbating is if it's top-tier sex with a top-tier man. For men, most of them would prefer to fuck a girl they're not all that attracted to at all than jerk off, if they have the chance.
How does that save money? It's overall less money being brought into the household.
you don't need a second mode of transport, you don't need gas, you don't need insurance for that car, you don't have bills for fast food out (americans love their fast food), and you get someone at home making meals and clipping coupons. you are literally dedicating 50% of your house to min-maxing the fuck out of every household expenditure. that's something you can't do when everyone is working 40+h a week, you don't have time to shop every sale and clip every coupon. you don't have time to make meals ahead of time for a whole week, and even if you do, who actually does? i've only known one (1) person in my life who lived alone and made meals ahead and clipped coupons. i've only met a small handful of people who have a dual-earner home and manage this. somehow, a breadwinner-homemaker paradigm seems to come out on top every time when it comes to making the most of the money at hand.
Outside of particularly bougie people in big cities, virtually everyone primarily cooks most meals at home the vast majority of the time. Most people ime only eat out like once a month or so.
then you live in a very nice area that's likely already subject to what i'm talking about, or at bare minimum they're not working full time
Masturbation doesn't have adverse effects for females.
the hell it doesn't. it's not just about physical health, it's also mental, and women are mentally destroyed by porn even faster than men. they're not wired to handle that kind of stimulation, even if they say they are. women are not meant to be creatures who want to rail everything, men are.
and this is what i mean. it's an artificial option that provides more immediate pleasure, but when she has no kids or house or husband at 30, all of a sudden there's this rush to drop those habits.
For one, this is an issue that oddly enough I virtually never see addressed: you all are fat. You love to talk about women being fat, but statistically, you're fatter. A huge portion of American men would massively raise their chances if they'd literally just lose weight. Again you love to pull the "just don't be fat!" thing yet for some reason seem unable to fathom it applies to men too.
I'd agree with this, but skinny men seem to be similarly unsuccessful with women. It does seem that when women say they like "skinny" men, they mean a guy that still has very clearly defined muscles and a six-pack, but because he isn't roid levels of shredded, it isn't muscular.
Secondly: conditioning. As much as guys hate the body positivity thing, those are generally the only people actually encouraging the acceptance of unattractive men in a way that is palatable to the mainstream population (read: not coming off as violent and insane as incels do).
That's also difficult, because you have both Chads and desperate incels sabotaging it for the rest. It's no secret that most of the shitting on manlets/chinlets/jawlets comes from other men trying to one-up each other in hopes it'll get them laid. You might be able to stop the incels from doing it, but good luck getting Chad to stop when he mostly gets positive reinforcement from both men and women for doing it.
Agreed, they're fucking garbage. But good luck getting Chad to abandon his easy hook-up apps, and as long as Chad is on there, women will be on there in hopes of getting him, and then other men will be on there in hopes of getting the women.
1/2
ruggie sister can we be friends, i like rook
and I agree, but i think we are so fucking far gone at this point that it probably wont be fixed and at this point ive accepted it
You don't see male gymbro tiktokers doing the "here's what my body looks like unposed/natural"
That's because none of them are natural, lmao. Because to the people that follow male gymbros (usually homosexual men), if they don't have that roided powershitter build they're a scrawny dyel.
You don't seem them expressing discontentment over fictional portrayals of unrealistic men
Do you honestly think women would take it seriously if men did that? Would you take it seriously if someone said your own tastes in fictional men were unrealistic, or would you laugh it off as "lol angry virgin incel jealous"
I don't care what you all say, they are similar and can be difficult for anyone, including men, to distinguish
For the overwhelming majority of them, they genuinely aren't that difficult to tell apart. I'd say probably only 10% or so are genuinely good at blending in and hiding their intentions. Like, if some guy who looks like a male supermodel is dating you when you're average at best, it's extremely obvious he's using you for sex, no matter what he says.
It's just that women seem to ignore really obvious red flags or interpret them as green flags when the guy's considerably attractive.
Good luck with that, especially when a level of assertiveness/dominance/masculinity that's considered "healthy" in one guy is considered to be aggressive or creepy in another. A hot guy and an ugly guy acting assertive towards a woman are going to get very different results, with the latter potentially risking physical or legal damage, and so the ugly guys (or the average/attractive guys who think they're ugly) are going to be more "spineless".
Also, considering your own tastes, good luck finding a "small cute boy" who's also fratbro-levels of dominant and assertive. Those two traits are practically mutually-exclusive.
This is not an anime lol.
To actually change an entire culture you need propaganda, in schools, on TV and on the internet.
Nobody on 4chan is rich or influential enough tho.
The jewkikefags could do it, bit they are the ones who brought upon the west this culture of unfaithfulness and nihilism ik the first place
Its debatable, at least.
Losing the value of physical touch and giving into nihilism and sex addiction is worse than incels shitposting on 4chan
Any virgin woman could easily find a loving virgin boyfriend and they could both share their first everything's with each other. Choosing to be a slut is all on the woman and it's very, very easy not to do.
You have to be baiting.
The definition of 'chad' is fleeting.
For robotcels its probably the 6'1, 130lbs cocaine addict with a pretty face.
But an actual chad is a dude who is muscular, handsome, has a wife and family and is successful with a high paying job. Thats the perfect citizen and a perfect example for everybody else.
Yall are seething
It might help if we had some kind of "male beauty standard" movement, or something. A big issue is that society still has the same general idea of what a "man" should be, and anyone who doesn't fit into that ideal is looked down upon.
I'm 5'4. My height has literally never been an issue for me with other dudes. They respect me at work and depend on me for tasks. My fellow peers don't look down on me. The one or two friends I have have an entire foot of height on me, and they still make time to hang out with me because they enjoy being around me. I've had gay dudes call me good looking and assume I'm already taken. Dudes don't give a shit about my height.
Women have been nothing but toxic and abusive towards me over my height. The minute my height comes up on dating apps I get unmatched. Girls in school have started rumors about me (small height must equal small dick, so they got a bunch of people spread around the idea that I tried to fuck a plug outlet) because I was short and therefore an easy target. I've had women tell me straight to my face that I was going to die alone because women hate short men. I hung out with a buddy of mine, and completely unprompted, his sister (a single mom) said she'd never date a dude under six feet.
Men see me as another human being, and women see me as something lesser than that to belittle. I can imagine dudes who are overweight, or have some weird quirk to them, also go through this kind of deal in life. I don't even think it's about "Chad." Until we redefine what the standard definition of a "man" is, nothing is going to change.
women are not meant to be creatures who want to rail everything, men are. 
Hunter gatherer era women were getting trains run on them on the regular, that's how early humans mated for a long time
I didn't say anything about porn, women generally don't masturbate to porn. We don't get unable to have sex and go bald bc of masturbating like you do
or at bare minimum they're not working full time 
I work full time and almost never eat out. You just make large quantities to last you the week
that's something you can't do when everyone is working 40+h a week
The average boomer mom did exactly that. Worked 9-5, pick kids up, came home, did everything a housewife would do in 8 hours except the boomer mom does it in 4, then gets 4 hours of sleep and coffee and back at it again. All while dad just worked the same hours. The labor gap is very real and insane.
Everyone here does that. Literally every adult female I have ever known. My mom, my neighbors growing up, my sisters, my friends' parents growing up, etc... Boomer moms love that stuff. It's why so many boomer moms don't have hobbies, they've never had time.
Are you from like California or something?
You really can't it's all fucked, now and forever.
Any ruggie appreciator is a friend of mine, rook is a very good boy as well. Also that is a cute kalim, kalim appreciators are good people by default
Me too, probably shouldn't have said I was a huge Ruggie fan as well lol..he my number 2 sad I missed his New Years
Also, love Kalim too he was my first boy, but as time went on enjoyed Rook more. Love all three of the light trio if I'll be real though. 
Did you roll for his birthday card, sis?
If you were a woman,
Would you go and pursue are relationship with a fat incel or delude yourself into thinking chad (saying this word unironically makes me cringe so bad jesus christ) will actually want a relationship and not just use you for sex?
Dont forget we are talking about a...roughly 18-20yo girl who has never faced responsibilities in her life
Indeed!! I have been saving for it for some time and screenshot the moment I obtained him
Currently now I'm saving for whenever they release the basketball jamil on the NA server. I assume you pulled/will pull for the Halloween rook??
Indeed!! I have been saving for it for some time and screenshot the moment I obtained him
Nice !! I kinda hate on EN but I am so happy when I see new fans brought in from it who love their boys.. sniff, happy for you and your Ruggie. How many pulls did he take ?
I'm a JP sis so I did long ago.. I will be pulling his clubcard when it comes though !! along with Ortho..Fearing for my life rn. Here's my own Ruggie though haha.
Good luck for when your Jamil comes though, I wish his Groovy was cuter, but man the uniforms are sexo.
I would imagine he will come in at least the next 3 months with ENs pacing.
For the overwhelming majority of them, they genuinely aren't that difficult to tell apart. I'd say probably only 10% or so are genuinely good at blending in and hiding their intentions.
And yet, men claim to be misled and deceived and have their lives ruined by women with BPD all the time, and it's met with empathy and insistence that such women are master deceivers. Like, my brother in Christ, she had a septum piercing 
Like, if some guy who looks like a male supermodel is dating you when you're average at best, it's extremely obvious he's using you for sex, no matter what he says. 
And yet there are plenty of cases that occur where that is not true. Much like that infamous hot girl that's married to the severely disabled guy. It happens, you'll never know if you don't try and resign yourself to failure.
It's just that women seem to ignore really obvious red flags or interpret them as green flags when the guy's considerably attractive. 
Again... Men flock to women with piercings, "goth" aesthetics and pink hair and are shocked when she's psychotic. Lol
There is zero connection between being a pretty boy and being submissive other than the culturally enforced idea you've manufactured in your head.
My height has literally never been an issue for me with other dudes. They respect me at work and depend on me for tasks.
Statistically, that's abnormal. We know that men also favor tall men in the workplace, for promotions, job hires etc, and are more defiant towards/disrespect short male bosses more than tall ones. Look it up, it's quite fascinating. Men discriminate against short men in many ways, even other short men themselves.
Generally, this is the opposite of the truth. The smaller the boy the bigger the dick. I've always heard that from women, too, so it's a bit surprising they'd say otherwise.
I get that it's an anomaly, and this is just a personal experience. After meeting them, men have only judged me on my character, and what I can provide as a person, what skills I have, who I am as a person, all stuff that matters to me. Most women don't even want to meet me and have never looked past my superficial aspects and judge me based solely on that.
Oh brother. Can somebody tell em?
