i'll be a 25 year old kissless virgin in 5 months
really makes me think
Yo we were born same month same year. I'm also KV.
I lost it weeks before turning 25. You need to socialize and network or it's not going to happen
At least you're not a 32 year old kisslees
ss virgisnsnsssss
s
aar
s
You must be at least 30 years old to post here
Rookie numbers, young whippersnappers.
I'm turning 23 soon and have still never had a gf. Not a virgin, but the lack of relationships sucks. It's my own fault for being severely socially retarded during high school and uni. Also I never go outside except to work.
What does it make you think about?
That's my age and I'm a virgin as well. I never even really talked to a girl.
shutup retard he already does that. you got lucky moron, you're not some le epic wiseman. lmao idiot moron
I'm a 26 year old virgin. it will not get better, unless you get super lucky.
I'm a 25yo virgin, I can tell you wholeheartedly that the feeling you have now does not change. It does not get worse. It does not get better. This tepid feeling of emptiness will remain as it is right now.
I was a virgin until I was 23. Then I got married. Tradition > modernity.
was she also a virgin? or are you just larping as traditional with only one half of the equation?
Forgot to add. I am a Christian who married a girl from church. Its funny though I was really social in high school and college, but as I get older I have become more anti-social. I dont trust people anymore, I just trust family now.
I was a 25 year old khhv and am now a 27 year old regular sex haver. It did not help as much as I imagined it would.
Yes she was a virgin. We are both Christians. Been married 15 years. We met before all the social media dating shit started. Honestly, I would probably be incel if I was some Gen Z kid now.
Im still even though I have sex. I keep fantasizing about having a friend group of a bunch of guys who we all share the same interests and have each others backs. Like you see in the movies and television. I love my wife, but she cant fill that hole.
I was watching this with a friend when I was a teen and I commented "hah that's gonna be" and he gave me a reassuring "naa no way bro"
Only 8 more years to go!
posting the same threads over and over will surely help
Is it worth a watch? I never watched it on release because I was afraid watch a prediction of my future life.
