I will never be a woman
As retribution against the universe, I will shit up this board every day.
I will be the judge of that, show bobs and ass please betiful
I like trannies. Or at least some of them.
I think as long as you have realistic expectations you can still get most of what you want with body hair removal and hormones and maybe face surgery.
You won't get pregnant or give birth but lots of regular women don't do that either.
I havent taken hormones.
doesnt matter bbydoll plz do the needful post anoos u surely hav potential
i too will never be a woman
i will enter your thread with my sympathies
You're hurting other people who are suffering then
Take hormones then.
Who, BBC cravers?
No, by making posts to lower the quality of the board intentionality you're causing people to suffer. The racebait threads are already harmful enough.
Will they even do much? I will still be a guy. 
Also if anyone finds out then I'm screwed.
No, you never will be and at best people will just play along but deep down everyone knows the truth
Tits are pretty easy to hide with layered clothes and/or tape.
And everything else like your face filling out or your skin and hair looking nicer aren't really things people are going to interpret as tranny stuff.
who cares lol trannies are better than biowomen
This ain't true at all.
Yeah, I like trannies but think it's a bit cringe whenever someone says shit like that.
The word "biowomen" itself is pretty fucked up sounding.
Trannies mostly are trannies because of biological hormones anyway so it's not like they aren't biological. It's more like they're exogenously estrogenized instead of endogenously.
Okay and? I will still be a man and presenting as a man will get me treatment as such but I now have physical evidence I'm a tranny and have to hide it 24/7.
do you live in a country where trannies are killed for existing?
No, I live in America. I have an unsupportive household (mom).
Are you NEET or employed with prospects of moving out?
I'm in college. I have $12,000 saved up but everything is so expensive. 
Minimum for an apartment is $1500 a month.
depressing the west is really cucked to the elite
what made u realize u were trans?
i accepted the thoughts that have been in my head for the past 14 years
thoughts like what? How did u know u werent just gay?
also could u describe yourself appearancewise?
be me, 4 yo
that was the first difference that I understood between the 2 sexes and then it snowballed
I want to be a girl, they wear all the pretty clothing and have long hair
that was the first difference that I understood between the 2 sexes and then it snowballed
1) You should probably get a wage job and a cheap studio apartment and move out and 2) assuming you're not underage it's better to start now because the longer you put it off the more your body will masculinize in an irreversible way (if you are underage you should stop using this website and not take body altering drugs until you're 18).
The advantage to starting it now is mainly that you'll start suppressing testosterone which will prevent you from balding in the future for one thing (the balding tranny pics you see posted sometimes are people who started getting male pattern baldness before going on hrt).
And if you start before you turn like 23 then you can still get female hip growth.
And all that aside it'll probably make you feel better running on female hormones if you're a tranny. That's the main benefit to them.
Most trannies don't get huge tits so even if your mom saw you with your shirt off for some reason it might not look like anything that couldn't be explained away as spontaneous gyno from weight gain.
If you do get huge tits that's kind of a good problem to have since you'll be one of the hotter and more passing trannies then.
But the point is you don't have to stress out about openly being a tranny and can take hrt and keep it to yourself for as long as you feel the need to.
That's a girl height, how is that bad if you're a tranny?
Not if I have to work 100 hours at $15 per hour to afford rent for a studio apartment.
amazing, your fate is sealed
how wide is wide though, are you mesomorph, ectomorph, or endomorph?
also wb norwood status and lower body (butt) ur already short with a pretty face, very good stats
Shoulders: 17in
Hips: 11.5in
Waist: 9in
Why not just accept your lumps and be a gnc man and live your life
You're saying this as if I'm not dependent on my conservative parents.
It's not possible to live by myself.
lmao imagine being that small and calling urself a man. You are a woman.
If ur an ectomorph or mesomorph body type and start taking female hormones to keep ur hair then ur passing. Legit i envy whoever gets to fuck you first, having slightly wider shoulders as a woman isnt a dealbreaker
This thread is dumb 
Manlets aren't feminine they are just ugly
if you're bored instead of doing something so destructive like that you should do something that would help yourself like watching a soothing LIVE stream. my live stream at twitch.tv/2no1_ FKA kick.com/leafy
you dont know what youre talking about faggot OP has a cute face and a slim body, could probably cultivate ass too
You could get a roommate and half the cost. Or multiple roommates even.
I want my own studio apartment. Is that too much to ask for? I can't live with roommates. I don't feel safe.
Is europe any better?
I had my own apartment and later a house because I worked and paid for those things.
If you can't accomplish that then yes, that's too much for you to ask and you should get a roommate instead.
I do this too, but at least take hormones nigga
don't make the rest of us look bad by having the hormonal profile of a man and claiming to be a tranny
gay
Why do the tallest guys always want to troon out it makes 0 sense
Maybe it's something about being so much bigger and not feeling like you mentally measure up to it and wanting an escape 
That sucks I think being tall is really cool and gentle giant is a trope. Sorry you got tall so fast I know developing faster than your peers is more of a trauma than people say it is
Well I guess I'll just have to finish a comp sci degree (3 years left :/) since that's my only hope.
You should probably order hrt now rather than wait 3 years. You could end up losing your chance to look decent if you put that off.
Why do the tallest guys always want to troon out it makes 0 sense
My dad is a repressor, he all but told me when he learned about my problem. So I think I just got fucked gene wise. Neurologically wired wrong
Maybe it's something about being so much bigger and not feeling like you mentally measure up to it and wanting an escape
I think it just makes you realize you dislike it faster and the pain is more sharp. I could imagine a timeline I never realized it if I was some asian manlet
That sucks I think being tall is really cool and gentle giant is a trope.
I don't mind it necessarily, I just don't like being perceived as masculine because of it. I've always been rail thin at least, and I have a slender body. I would only lose like 3 or 4 inches if I could.
;^(
Guess I'll go check my PO Box to see if I got a special surprise
