I promise I don't smell people as much as I used to. I really have a strong attachment to body odors. It was always my most embarrassing secret (not so secret in my childhood).
sniff
MP0SSR
Good smells are good smells. That's that. Don't know what you expect really, shrugs
Where are you located, sniffarina? If you're close enough I'll let you sniff as much as you want.
english isn't even my first language
It isn't mine either. :)
Cuddling and burying your face in her neck and inhaling deeply. Heavenly.
I often find the people I'm most attracted to smell way better to me.
I'm not autistic but I took really notice how people smell and enjoy sniffing armpits. I recently saw this which I think explains it for me. Tfw no gf to sniff her pits.
tacos.
wwwwwwwwww
Well, you're further away than I anticipated, femanon-chan.
Well that explains a lot.
I did it without the consent of the other person. But I was just a kid. My parents explained to me that I couldn't do that. I remember they told me "When you have a boyfriend, are you going to sniff him like you were a dog?"
In general, I love to smell the sweat, skin, hair of my loved ones. They make me feel at home, very safe.
Sorry. It is a misunderstanding. I'm not Japanese, the comment was not original and I couldn't post it.
It's true autists can't read tone. :')
Mexico is still a bit far, sadly.
I never did that, that's probably just an autism thing. Although I did compulsively put my hand in my pants as a kid. I have tried sniffing gfs armpits before and most of them don't mind I think liking the smell of your partner is considered pretty normal just don't be sniffing them in front of others maybe.
Oh hahah that's funny, sorry! Despite my age, I still have problems with those kind of things. But I keep trying!
What a pity, anon. Saludos !
Yes, I've seen what they say about being attracted to your partner's scent. Don't worry, I don't smell people that way anymore. Although I have to admit that I do it with my friends and, in due course, I will do it with my partner. It's like an instinct, I think.
I've often wondered about human's scent and pheromones dynamic. We are just another species of ape afterall. I have good genetics and I swear people often notice my presence before their eyes even see me. I've been told I smell good before but I wonder if my personal scent has an affect on people.
