i hate having to go outside while being ugly.. i just want to go home
I know the feeling brother.
You're the only one who thinks you're ugly, dummy
I hate having to go outside while male
STOP COMPLIMENTING MY HEIGHT
IT MAKES ME VERY INSECURE BUT IT WOULD BE WEIRD TO POINT IT OUT AND THEY THINK ITS A COMPLIMENT
Kids have laughed and called me ugly in public.
i use a facemask, and a hat and tend to look down. i should REALLY get sunglasses
i absolutely adore facemask culture for normalizing facemasks so i never feel awkward wearing one, and i get to be anonymous in public
it makes going outside bearable
I'm hideous and a tranny. It could be worse lol
humblebraggers gtfo of my thread 
it sucks cause i would dress so nicely and look so good if my face and hair could look as good as the clothes
its very easy to tell that that's not true, by just stepping outside in public for 3 mins
face masks do make me look a lot cuter, but it doesn't help the pain that is my hair. 
i doubt you are hideous, you most likely mog me
They're just kids anon
bitch please you know you're pretty :)
dummy
my family member took a candid photo of me, it's actually over. angled selfies dont show the truth
self perception v. others perception
you have a distorted self image.
nope
its very easy to be objective about this. if i ever posted that photo of me anywhere, id be ridiculed forever
You're so cool, anon
Originally in Japan speak
So its mot possible to be ugly? Its always a self perception problem? Some people are just ugly
No, it's possible to be ugly, obviously.
But OP is not ugly because I said so, ok?!
hm?
exactly
camera lenses can also distort. pictures are not irl. some people are just not photogenic for a variety of reasons. take it from me, because I became extremely upset with my looks from being forced to look at my face and awkward presence in terrible photos for years. at one point I just started saying NO to pictures.
I have good and bad days even just looking in the mirror, but I am growing into myself more each day despite never liking what I perceived myself to be for as long as I can remember.
I remember it being a meh day and I took a selfie with a new phone in some decent natural light. This was just for curiosity's sake and not to post on social media or anything as I would never do that, but I kind of liked what I saw. Even though you could apply the same idea of distortion to this, I do think it was more accurate to what I would perceive in the mirror on a good day, so that helped boost my confidence a bit.
Well I'm glad, maybe you should try perceiving yourself as the version you want to be rather than the version that is dragging you down
Yea in a man(orc) way lol
i hate having to go outside while being really skinny.. i just want to go home
