Would u ever fuck a obese bitch
Honestly I'd fuck her if I want a virgin. I don't want to lose my virginity to that thing
if that image is not photoshopped i will kill myself
your sentence is incoherent. try to rewrite it ESL mexinigger
Clinically obese yes. Whatever the fuck that is hell no.
Would u ever fuck a obese bitch
Never ever. I remember back in HS, I saw a guy kissing a really ugly chick. Then I heard a Chad friend of mine whisper to himself, as if he was talking to guy:
"don't do this man... just jerk off instead"
I never forgot that, and I agree. I think it's more dignified to simply fap instead of having sex with Gorlock over there. Just imagining that thing naked makes me want to sunset myself.
You're a racist asshole. Fuck off
Its real
https://twitter.com/ScubaSteve_0013/status/1651730471418560513
Men are so shallow, thats really sad
moids get viscerally angry at women physically taking up a lot of space. there was actually a study that showed men got triggered and their blood pressure was raised by seeing women wearing shoulder pads because they see it as masculine and threatening (which is why women wore them so much in the 80s to corporate meetings) a lot of feminist literature describes this phenomenon in other instances too, fatness just being one of them, it all ties in with pedophilia and men thinking women should be small, apologetic and submissive.
That gunt left humanity behind long ago.
no they will lead you to the rape hotel
You are a really horrible person anon.
Look, I don't necessarily find strong women unnattractive, that doesn't mean I will date a literal ogre though
I masturbate to obese women several times a week but I don't think I'll ever have sex.
No, I am not attracted to her due to her features.
This girl would make me have the most chad son on earth
bro, you got to tell me who that is. she is crazy hot
HNNNGGH sauce pls
Her name is Tashasant on Chaturbate, she's Colombian
wetback nigger
i hope chad sees this one, roastie
how do third worlders get so fat? is she just packed with rice and beans and booze? imagine the smells.
The fat on is a tranny. Here is his tiktok: https://www.tiktok.com/@joolieannie
You guys hate fat women more than trannies, and cant tell the difference?
Once a lardass gets that fat they become horrifically androgynous. Makes sense its a tranny though considering the bestial size of it.
Oh look, it's foid-o-clock.
i feel like the logic doesn't really bear out there? why would you fuck her unless you literally couldnt fuck anyone else?
No. I was wasted at a party once and a fat chick tried fucking me. I didn't let it happen though. She sucked on my chub for a few minutes then I told her to get off. I didn't even bust and it barely felt like anything.
I was disgusted afterwards. Never saw, or heard of her again thankfully. There's been a few parties where women basically tried to rape me.
Nope
Maybe for money but it would have to be high four figures
WEBM with sound:
https://i.4cdn.org/wsg/1682590692619820.webm
how sad the women must be to be on a podcast with that thing, as if they share common ground. you can see the two sat beside it literally leaning away and the other looking disgusted. fat 'women' are hardly even women or people at all. look at its neck, this is just making me sad now.
That's easily one of the grossest people I've ever seen
see, but she's sexy fat, what you posted. the thing in the op looks fucking revolting
Hell fucking no. Fat's disgusting. I was fat, and I want nothing to do with it.
huge fucking kek oh wow
Fake shoulders, fake tits, same dynamic. Just signals that you're gonna behave in a certain way without having the physical characteristics to warrant it. It signals that you're gonna behave like a cartoon parody of those traits represent.
The men felt threatened because women who wore them were alpha bitches that would threaten your livelihood and family's financial well being the moment they got a shred of power/rank over you in the workplace.
It'a a threatening costume. It's altogether reasonable to assume that someone who is trying to look threatening will behave it a threatening manner. Your premise literally scolds men for not being so autistic that they don't read the obvious message sent by the costume.
It's a typo, anon. Surely your skills as a native speaker would allow you to spot that the first "want" was suppoed to be "wasn't". Are you sure you're over 18?
Good thing chad was there to tell you to play with your dick.
Every retard who says that women can't rape men should be shown a picture of this beast.
Not cool but kek
So glad nothing happened with this fat chick that was almost round.
Would have taken a huge mental toll to know I boinked that and having to live with it.
Fat women are disgusting whether it's obese(bmi>30), overweight(>25), or chubby(>22). They are subhuman.
Can't believe people don't know that's a tranny, the massive skull, the little droopy moobs, the tranny voice, the women instinctively recoiled, anticipating an attack.
