for fun. They arent meant to be subtle or all that realistic.
this nigga on demon mode
wht app do you use
Second one is prime polish genetics
Kind Anon beautifies random women online
Faceapp for hair Snow reshape for manual reshaping and makeup
you should show them.
editing random women to show how ugly they are in reality
is this kindness?
It's kind to me since I don't have to see as many ugly women
Nope. Dont wanna be deliberately cruel. Just thought r9k would enjoy my deranged pastime
A large jaw is the number one femcel factor. Having a large jaw just makes you look like a clumsy cumbersome tranny. I hate having a wide jaw so much.
try having a long pointy chin instead lmao. we're doomed.
I like how the Asian girl looks cute in both
why do you do this, anon? you have plans to go into plastic surgery or something similar?
doomed to not be with chad. oh the fucking horror
how are you doing tunisia chan
Way back when I was just a sprout I had a massive crush on a blonde camp counselor who had a pretty sharp chin.
There's hope. You might give birth to son's and daughters with strong chin genies
Studying average features and forcibly fitting them into strict beauty standards is fun and cool to see for me
At least a sharp chin is cute and feminine. Us manjawed gals just look like men.
I especially like the weeby ones bc its fun to make egirl clones
I don't mean a sharp chin, I mean a LONG chin. but I guess that could count as being manjawed as well.
i mean, all of these women are attractive and i wouldn't say average. the only one who isn't is the fat one, but she would also be cute to pretty if she lost weight.
The social media beauty standard creeping up on me perhaps? They all look below average to average to me. In fact I think the fat girl has the easiest chance to be rly attractive, her natural features are quite nice. If she just lost weight and got a better haircut she would be gorgeous
The average e girl looks like left irl, for real. They just use so many filters and makeup to look like right. Everyone frauds these days, even guys.
Yeah exactly. If these pics look familiar in a way, thats because literally every single influencer and egirl go through almost as much editing as I did here. Moids do not know how much editing and procedures that go into the average internet egirl.
Did you send it to them?
All these women you've shared in this thread would call of us ugly incels lol
you are probably affect anon. the first one has pretty eyes with nice plump lips. her nose may be her worst feature, but even then it's not bad. she has clear skin with cute freckles over her face. she would probably look pretty to you to if she smiled.
You should post the edited pics onto rate me subs.
Like what, an underbite?
i think i have a slight overbite actually. and i mean, my chin is simply long. you know how your facial thirds are supposed to be equal, and how it's bad as a woman if your lower third is the longest third of your face? that's my situation.
like a witch? org
these are fucked up because id genuinely be catfished by all of these
not that bad, but certainly not ideal lol. it's fucked because i have "doe eyes", so a more cute look to the upper part of my face, but then my chin ruins it.
cmon just post a picture of your ((((((friend's))))))) chin so we can up your confidence
ok time to do something else
i mean this is about facial thirds, so i'd have to post my whole face to actually show that it's proportionally long.
post on a catbox then delete it after like 30 secs, so it wont be saved on the archive and you wont get banned
last girl was cuter without the edit
yea but then OP will edit my face too lmao, I'll just trust my own common sense.
I operate on Asian beauty standards
posting your pic on here is a bad idea anyway because idiots will save it and spam it everywhere pretending to be you
why dont you post a collage of big chinned girls so no one will know which one is you
large brain anon
I remember that some guy here once posted a school year photo of a class, and somehow every anon could INSTANTLY tell that one of the girls was different and possibly an aspie, even if she didn't look ugly or anything. I looked like her. no thank you, you guys would be able to sniff me out.
"women shouldnt wear makeup"
*edits makeup onto women
what did moids mean by this?
Im not a moid and I advocate all men realize the reality of true natural faces
3dpd really are horrible to look at. Women as an idea are fine, but usually the flesh sack masquerading as women are just flawed.
those sharp as fuck epicanthic folds
They're sharper than mine, wtf.
