Ugly guy
got swiped no before he even got to say a word because the girl just gets that bad gut feeling when she looks at his face he just got that rapist face you know? Like girls have a 6th sense so they can tell stuff like that just from a guys face and height
Hot guy
Its just personality sweetie.
Litterally go shower,touch grass,go get haircut and be confident.
You are just doing something wrong its definitely not just your face and height that determine if you are creepy or nice its actually your personality and charisma!!!
Just look like someone who showers a lot.
It's so easy.
sorry sweaty, all you need to do to have sex is just shower and get a haircut it's that simple
if you did that, you would stop being an incel but i guess it's impossible for you guys
why is it so hard for people to take good advice?
Can confirm this is true. Lost my virginity after showering.
Cope. It's not a fake text meme generator. It's 100% true and all you need to do is shower to get those results.
Alright, just walked out of a shower.
Why I'm still a virgin?
Do I need to take longer shower?
And how the hell she'll get to me? The doors and windows are locked. Will she break through the window to get to me?
Help OP, I need more detailed explanation.
Why do you keep posting this fake demoralization thread?
You need to cold shower while mewing, eating onions and not fapping after waking up at 4am, Chads do this everyday
You need to keep showering until she shows up.
Keep doing it and she will come eventually
Lmao.
Try it yourself if you dont believe it.
To be fair, every girl i've dated knew how to take showers. How retarded are incels, really? It's over.
So if I got it correctly 
cold shower
By cooling your exterior your metaphysical hotness will increase?
mewing
Because I'm trying to attract pussy?
eating onions
This one was tough, since they smell, but if I got it correctly it's because it has layers and they all are the same. Similarly by eating onion you're indicating that although you too have layers they're all equally hot?
not fapping
Of course, I'm saving erection and semen for all that hot sex I'll get shortly.
4am
Just like men, women are the horniest and have the most enjoyable sex in the morning. Thus it's logically to assume that the earlier she gets the D, the better sex will feel.
Chads do this everyday
Wow, that was new to me. I always thought Chads were slobs who lucked out on genetics and bone structure, but now I'm revealed that Chads to THIS every morning?
Talk about developing new respect for someone and his effort.
Thank you anon, will do this tomorrow at 4am.
But HOW she'll show up?
Do I need to leave doors and/or windows wide open, or will she be waiting and ringing at the door. I wouldn't want to slow her down.
The text is fake, you moron. It's specifically meant to demoralize incels with lies.
So you're saying that if you never shower you'll get tons of pussy?
What a retard!
Everyone knows shower is the key to sex.
No shower=no pussy
Just because you're an incel doesn't mean you have to be retarded and fail to learn from the Chad.
You're trying to derail the thread now. It is a fact that those texts are fake. They are created by someone who wants to demoralize incels with lies.
Source?
I tried this too and got the similar results pretty much so i have no reason to blindly just not believe it because its too ridiculous to be true.
I've seen different variations of this text. If you used your brain for just a moment you'd realize that one thing females will absolutely not forgive is someone who raped an underage girl.
Lmao.
You have never kissed a girl or been on a date or talked to a non-related woman after you shut yourself in the basement. Why do you think you are an expert on women?
You're projecting.
You wouldnt worship women like you do if you actually got to talk to them.
Nta but it would be ironic if someone who believes in dating app meme generators would call anyone else a woman worshipper.
lol
Stop masterbating stop watching porn take a shower (daily)in 4 days you'll see significant improvement in your overall mood and mental state and women will gravitate to they already like you
Yes it does. You believe anything that women say and care about what they want, even if you dont know this girl
Unpopular take. Yes the blackpill is very real. Biological determinism is real. Yes woman are attracted to genes more than they are your actions. Yes ceilings are real when it comes to "gains". But a lot of men misjudge where their ceiling is and don't bother even trying (or if they do try it's some cringe "pick up artist" shit).
