a whole family just skipped me at the grocery store and i did nothing about it
Honestly, as shitty as it sounds, let them.
People out there are feral. They will literally murder for the most mundane reasons. Let them have this "win" for there are too many of them.
If you had a girlfriend and she were with you, you'd have to get angry with them.
As fun as it sounds yelling at the guy in front of his kids, slapping his packaged salami and sliced cheese off the conveyor belt onto the floor, the fact that I can just move on with my life without doing all that shit whenever someone slights me makes me feel better about an incel.
Being a low test high anxiety bitch sucks man. I hate it I hate it so much.
This guy is right, if you are a passive doormat women won't respect you.
i put my trash bin out every other week because I dont make a lot and I think i save the guy a trip getting out of his truck to get one bag and some asshole's garbage was out in the open and it somehow got on my front yard. I was like fuck my whole neighborhood, if some cocksucker cant throw his stuff away then im gonna make everyone see this crap. I was hoping the wind would blow it into the street but no. fuck the wind too
You should go and tell the guy to never do it again. Be assertive or be a bitch forever.
I was at CVS the other day. There were bunch of obvious meth heads walking around the store gathering items. I was waiting in line with my two items. Guy comes up to me and says "we were in the store first pal so we're going in front of you". Call me a bitch or whatever but I just ignore him completely, I'm not getting jumped at CVS by three meth heads for some dumb line dispute. So then the cashier guy comes up and they walk up and he tells them to fuck off and says "you first bro come on up". Was a nice guy. I have a lot of empathy for those cashiers. A lot of people in that area of town are trashy cunts and they have to deal with there shit 10 hours a day for shit pay.
I can top that, I had an old lady cut me in line when I already had half my shit on the conveyer belt. I tried to tell her no but she just refused to listen and went ahead of me. I was gobsmacked. She was black by the way
You got humiliated. This says a lot about you I already know you were probably bullied in school and people disrespect you everywhere you go.
It was more annoying than humiliating and also stupid since the checkout right to the side had a lineup of people with only 1 or 2 items so she needlessly cut me
I know the feeling. One of my lowest and most embarrassing points was at fifteen with zero self-esteem when I had to attend some class to get a white card (ausland) and I was told to get McDonald's for lunch by my father. We were poor and so money meant a lot to me and I went there and nervously ordered this massive meal that I was really excited for and used money I had been saving up for ages, it felt like I was waiting forever in line. Eventually, I got called and she only put down a single coke. She was one of those masculine, aggresive fluoride stare Stacie's and there were other people in the kitchen that intimidated me, I went to tell her it wasn't what I ordered but my voice wouldn't come out and she just gave me this agitated "is there anything else I can do for you?" with the exaggerated gestures those solipsistic princess girls have Basically telling me to fuck off. I walked off with my head low and threw the coke in the nearest bin. I cried that night. 
Nowadays I'm 19 and post-improooover phase and despite giving up hope on most things, I am really fucking muscular and I had a growth spurt so now i'm just an asshole to people as everyone used to be to me and as jaded as I am I find a small enjoyment in it. Wish I was born into a world where the Third Reich came out victorious, so much societal and cultural decadence, intergenerational dysfunction that could be prevented if the outcome hadnt been the triumph of evil in 1945.
wdym
Sometimes though if you do nothing their prey instincts will kick in and they will sense weakness and attack/kill you for sport. Ive noticed that when I was younger and more timid and avoided looking at people or walked with my hands in my pockets and like a virgin people would sometimes just attack me on the street. 
Drug addicts ask me for money a lot. In the past they would get angry and threaten to stab me or beat me if I didnt give them any. 
Now. Being older and not caring. I stare at them and confidently say no. And they apologize and walk away.
Based Black Man. They take no shit from these types.
Yeah same. An actual life hack.
I did this to the cellphone salesman at walmart and he loudly made fun of me as I walked away to someone next to him as if I had overreacted ("wooow ok hahahaha"). All I said was "no" and didn't break my stride (I had chicken juice on my hands from the meat section and was rushing to the bathroom to wash my hands so I wasn't going to be polite anyways)
You can have that power too anon. Girls are scared of men who actively go out of their way to not to interact with or even see them.
my pet peeve is sidewalk etiquette. especially when people seem to believe that i should get off the sidewalk and walk on the fucking road to accommodate them/their group. sometimes i literally just stop walking right before we'd make contact. so the only outcome can be them literally bashing right into me. why is it that every time they move out of the way? they know what the fuck they're doing. just being jerks.
the irony is that if someone is distracted on their phone, i don't care. i've been that person that's been distracted before. and when i give someone courtesy and then they return it, maybe i'll walk on the road to make extra space for them. 
also, some anons need to remember to pay for more things by creidt card. in the world of credit cards, you just politely assert your correctness once to the relevant customer service agent. if they do not immediately assist you, you just do a charge-back online.
