why are people so rude? I was minding my own business when this random nigger walks up and calls me an uglyass motherfucker. I was feeling pretty good lately as I recently started working out and this nigger just walks up unprovoked and fucks with me. Why? And how do I let this not bother me?
Same shit happened to me a few years ago. It was also a nigger jfl
That nigger is also obviously coping with insecurity or negative emotions. A secure person wouldn't feel the need to do that. Instead of getting offended you should start understanding why people like the nigger darkie monkey do things like that. That is how you stay unbothered.
Black people tend to say it like it is, so if a black person says something about you, usually its true. Sorry.
Autist-tier psychoanalysis
Like this anon said, it probably just popped into his head and he felt like saying it
Retard-tier reply
blacks love shit testing people to see if they'll do anything about it, its why they do things like that + knockout game is so popular with them.
Iktf, a few years ago when I was walking back to my dorm at night, a black janitor randomly called me a 'bitch nigger' or something like that as we were walking in the same direction. I wanted to confront him but there are cameras everywhere, and my school would have been salivating at the mouth to virtue signal by destroying my life since I am white. Usually best response is to realize they are probably just bitter, hateful, and jealous, and to treat them accordingly by ignoring them
this entire thread
Explains why the average 4chan user is so racist kek. They spent their lives getting bullied and called ugly bitches by blacks.
Thought you were somebody else, madness basically.
Yes, people are racist because niggers behave like animals anon, many such cases.
I always would just get randomly excluded and made fun of for being a 'sissy lightskin' or for being 'white' even though I'm a obviously mixed mutt
Never could have real black friends, just other mutts.
I think you just need to grow up around them
A lot of black people are just straight up sociopaths. Consider the fact that even the ones most seemingly educated almost always resort to violence to settle disputes or as retaliation to simple speech
Grow a thicker skin then, ugly.
People are just fucking weird and evil I've had random people heckle me in public for no reason. Like scream stuff out their car window at me or say random crap to me in the store. People are just assholes and you have to realize a LOT of them are on some sort of drugs legal or otherwise and also people love taking out their frustrations on randos because in a normal sized city there is a huge chance they will never cross your path again.
The hell are lemons?
thats why the knockout game is popular with them
Holy shit you mother fuckers are braindead. You guys are informed on black people the same way the average boomer was informed about Iraq during the war
Not replying "At least I'm not a nigger"
Ugly and a pussy...tsk tsk....
kill yourself nigger retard
Tell me you've never had to live around niggers without telling me you've never had to live around niggers
were they young?? ive saw this tiktok trend of just being straight up mean to random people on the street. i dont know you, but i doubt you are ugly enough to get anybody in their right mind to call you ugly to your face
Why? And how do I let this not bother me?
Become dangerous
People will not fuck with you because even if they know that the law protects them, they also know that you can full well respond and do something injurious to them before the law can become an active part of the equation
If they DO decide to fuck with you, just fuck right back with then
Just say general things to piss people off
your mother is a fucking whore and I'll cum all over her face and you won't do shit because you're a fucking punk
you're fucking retarded, you look and act like you're literally fucking stupid
etc etc
No matter who it is, nobody likes to be made to feel lesser, you just have to figure out exactly what it is you can say that will make them feel that way
I have lived around black people all of my life and I've only heard of the "knockout game" from 4chan like 8 years ago
Black people are just rude especially to each other. I grew up in a shit neighborhood and couldn't imagine being a blackcel growing up around hood niggers. 
I'll never forget one day this Steve Urkel looking kid I knew- he gets up as possible when the bell rang without saying anything and books it out the door with his backpack covering his pants. A group of black kids sitting in the hall cut him off and one of them pulled his shorts down- and the reason he ran out of the room was that he had pissed himself. To make it worse he was wearing superman tighty whities in middle school. He started crying and the nig who pants him punched him in the back of the head and started beating the shit out of him 'for getting piss on his hands'. Every day after he'd come into class and the black kids would all laugh and throw shit at him until he transferred schools a few weeks later.
black people are mean
being a blackcel is the worst hell.
That's cope. People are assholes because it feels good and that's it.
You haven't seen his mom
Anon, it's a nigger. That's why. A real life orc. An animal in man's clothing that's unworthy of the title ''human'' and should be kept in a zoo. Being bothered by the shit that comes out of its mouth is like being bothered by a parrot for repeating something it heard.
because it feels good
and it feels good because it's 
coping with insecurity or negative emotions
They spent their lives getting bullied and called ugly bitches by blacks.
i moved to the US and became semi racist because of this, after i learned english i still could't understand blacks but i could tell they where making fun of me so i would try to avoid them. Whities where usually too scared of getting called racist for making fun of my accent, but blacks where unbound by such constrains kek
t. dangerous sociopath
