Old thread >>73087987 →
Tripsafe.org
I forge the other links
wubba Iubba dub dub
previous OP was nice, stop hating him >:|
Why they gotta hate on rick and morty guy? They should just take drugs and chill out.
We need more stimfags to stay up all night shitposting in the thread to prevent it from dying so often. Where my speedfreaks at?
I sincerely hope my drugs arrive today, although they were only dispatched yesterday so it's unlikely, but I want them for the long weekend. Oh how I want them.
Hope you get em soon anon. Whats the long week end for?
How annoying is it to take care of poppies in an apartment? I don't have a lot of space. I've been watching videos on how to grow them sounds like a hassle and they aren't always in season from what I understood. Non ironically the idea of getting into gardening sounds exciting, just wish I had a bit of space to do it properly.
Cute juices would lick them off the knob
what would happen if you licked them off the knob?
They came, got a gram each of 3mmc, mdma and ketamine. 
We get a day off on Monday in the UK because the wanky king is getting a crown put on his head. Don't give a fuck but will enjoy the free day off.
You're better off to just drop the seeds in a public space and go and collect them, that's what I did last autumn and hoping for a good haul this year. Don't think you'd really have enough space if growing indoor in order to give you a sensible yield.
is this the seeds you buy in the supermarket for bread?
Damn. Well, might as well.
You would get an opium high.
Damn I jelly, I want me some K.
I feel werid
I should go drug some drugs
Oh wait , I feel werid because I just double drugged
Phew, almost drugged three whole drugs
I used to have a Paki connection for human grade k, 25 bottles 500mg each for 400usd. Those were the days.
Is tramadol the next step after odsmt ?
I went kratom to odsmt
What is everyone here in their early 20s gone to school or working? It's so dead
Anyone here who has tried Morning Glory? How much did you do? Was it good?
i tried HBWR which is objectively the better version
10 seeds, germinated and peeled
take them on a beautiful day
vasoconstriction pretty bad, legs sore, but they make you tired so i laid in bed and it wasn't bad
little/no cevs but colors definitely enhanced, scenery outside window looks beautiful
watched anime movies and waxes philosophically
wish i was into classical back them because i would have loved to listen to music back then
my first time i took 5 and had a similar experience, didn't feel much for 3 hours and then suddenly felt a sort of geometric happiness, like life was an equation that had been solved. listened to my bloodly valentine and looked through old photographs and got emotional and texted my friend that love is the meaning of everything. another time i took 4 and biked around town listening to the smashing pumpkins. all in all 6.5 out of 10, no significant downsides
/r9k/ as a whole seems dead. Also, has anyone ever used seroquel recreationally? It seems it can be used but who the fuck use an antipsychotic as a recreational drug?
where did you get the seeds
I pulled them out of your grandmas shit pipe
be 10
bored at grandmas house
start eating plants around the garden to see if they taste good
morning glory seed and pod was 6/10 taste
grass is 2/10 for comparison
felt uplifted and more saturated colors
tell grandma that I ate some plants and now feel really good
get yelled at
not allowed outside unsupervised anymore
o-dsmt is a metabolite of tramadol, so no. straight o-dsmt is stronger than tram
I am considering chewing datura seeds. I love horror movies, I want to experience one IRL.
bought another 100mg of rilmazafone
wish i could just find some fucking etiz instead
Very very easy for us darkweb chads
rilmazafone
would you compare rilmazafone to any other benzo? never done it before i'm probably gonna pick up some of either that or bromazolam soon. I hate how bromazolam kinda gives me an internal flat affect bored kind of feeling. vs. etiz or kpins make me feel just right. I built a good stash of etiz multiple times but ended up fucking losing all of it.
If I knew I wouldn't go crazy from them I'd take them too
Well, it was the longest 5 minutes of my life, it felt like eternity. Your mind somewhat goes into an abyss, and your body's somewhat confused about what your brain is doing. It's an incredible confusion, the second time, I thought I was a book on a shelf. I remember thinking, "oh no, no one will ever read me!", " I'm just going to sit on this shelf forever".
Individual experiences may vary.
Is it really that dangeroys, or people are pussies/gatekeeping?
I celebrated 2 weeks of sobriety by buying a handle of gin. Feeling comfy lads. What are your plans for the weekend?
yeah people are known to go into psychosis from trying hallucinogens
I want to try amyl nitrate. Do I just go to a sex shop on the side of the highway or what?
Nice man, I'm almost on a year "soberity" but granted I'm an opi fiend now...
How do you drink your gin? I'm going to possibly dose acid tomorrow and potter around the house, if I don't I'll probably get stoned.
my gay country made it prescription only so now the fags have to ask their doctor to script them sex sniffers lol
also you're missing nothing. it just makes all the blood in your body go to your face and head and you heart pound. there's no pleasure
Pissing and shitting myself
Yeah get them from a sex shop or from internet. They're fine if you're already on some drugs, or nice when you're jerking off, but you're not gonna get much out of using them on their own. 
It's not the same stuff that they were using in fear and loathing, slightly different chemical so it doesn't have as good an effect.
Drinking vodka which makes me aggressive, will hopefully beat my dog
Hopefully your dog will beat you.
It's a delirant, not a psych. literally hallucagenic poison 
For some perspective psilocybin and caffine are also natural poisons to diffrent species however we have no issue taking them
psilocybin
no issue taking them
cant you just buy poppy seeds online?
Thought it would never happen to me, but I went from using $3 of drugs a day up to $30. 
This fucking sucks, I hate tolerance
Yep, just as long as it's for the flowers and you don't look up anything else related to them
God I never slept so good. Pregabalin and Promethazine knock me out hard
After watching a Nick Sand interview I decided I'd try and do acid after fasting the day before. So I went on a water fast today. Hoping that the 1PL I have will kick in faster than it usually does. Stuff is slow to start up I find, usually an hour at least. Whereas LSD-25 usually takes a half an hour tops. Then the climb is about the same either way.
If the uptake factor is halved I'll be wanting to do it this way going forward. I hope it works out like that. Plus the potential benefits of not having anything to interfere with the acid in my guts.
IS 4 ACO DMT SUPPOSE TO TASTE SOUR?????
FUCKING LOOK AT ME
Sneezed
Acidently swallowed it instincively because I know that If you swallow nbome it dosen't metabolize 
Fuck it, it is what it is. 
Trying 15mg + or - 5mg for the first time 
Measured 15mg out on the most reccomended mg scale, the min it would read was 5mg so I figure that would be its margin of error.
Don't know if placebo anxiety or if its kicking in, will blog post because there are no repurcussions and would like advice, turning off thumbnails though
damn it's really dead on a friday night
I wish I had a comfy drug gf to cuddle and watch anime with well we get comfy off drugs
I just got off work man, god damn being a wagie sucks and my plugs got shut down. Now im heading out for lunch at the weed themed cafe and see if I can get someone downtown to sell to me. Ridiculous shit we can have weed cafes and paraphernalia shops in broad daylight but actually selling weed is illegal lmao.
i wonder how many people saw this while on a different plane of existence and started jacking off bc of it
prob atleastone
done an ungodly amount of adderall almost every day for a little under the past 2 weeks
my friends want me to go out with them to bars tn but i cant even find the energy to leave this comfy couch im on rn
already had a cup of coffee earlier (not a daily caffeine drinker) idk what else i can try that isnt amph or cocaine
help?
2 cans of monster?
Half a dozen ashwagandha?
Few shots of vodka/tequila/drink of choice?
already had a cup of coffee earlier (not a daily caffeine drinker) idk what else i can try that isnt amph or cocaine
help?
T BREAK TIME 
TOLERENCE BREAK TIME IS THE BEST TIME 
BREAK TIME IS YOU TIME 
PUT YOUR SELF FIRST TIME
SELF IMRPOVEMNT 
SOBER ULTRA INSTINCT TIME
I KNOW MY CAPS MAY APPEAR AS PSYCHOTIC BUT THE KEYS BROKEN SO SPARE WITH ME OTHER THEN THAT IM A LITTLE WRITE RIGHT BUT STILL RIGHT TO SOME POINT
lmaoing at this
nothing fucking happened I had a beer with lunch dont know if it was that but other some anxious stimulation or whatever the fuck no visuals, no body high
like it feels a litle psych feel with some impairment buts its very little might takes time to digest because I had a protein shake earlier but this is suppose to be arround the peak
check thread 
look at my old post>>73129635
im now infatuated 
prob cause the psyxhs but its so fucking erotic something about it is perfection
Decided on a bottle of dex, lets gooo.
on sum fake acid rn bitter asf beautiful trip tho
What about DXM 2nd plat is recreational exactly? Am I missing something? I don't get any type of high I get from cannabis or alcohol (which is what it's been compared to), or any "high" at all.
maybe your not at the 2nd plat then, that being said DXM is absoulute shit
You guys sure? I'm having a good time in this overpriced weed cafe. They got cool comic books.
everytime I take a lot a of stims or a high dose of psychedelics I end doing shit loads of exercises like press ups and sit ups. exercising is something I always want to do but normally can't be fucked but drugs really motivates me to do it. but can't handle going to a gym on 40mg of 2cb lol
The weed cafe, the comic books, DXM
Ask yourself
Are you having a good time from DXM
or 
Are you having a comfy time
honestly just laying in bed and watching pretty colors and music sounding great
i prefer 1st plat since it's more functional and therefore more fun, love watching horror movies on it
how do you get an opioid prescription
i do already have a shit ton of body pain if that helps at all
Im having both. Its peaking. Those ladies at the weed cafe were very nice. Maybe now I can finish Enter the Void.
I think being a cute goth guy would make me very happy.
I quit stims and really, really miss them
So it's not a social drug? Knew a friend that used it socially as if it was alcohol which is what I was going for.
it's one of the most antisocial drugs i can imagine lmao
it makes me want to curl up in a blanket and think esoteric thoughts
people who socialize on dxm are neurologically built different
Blessed horror connosieur. It's all a game. Sounds like youre having a good time brotha. Whats it like?
I see a love hotel in a really strange scene.
feeling good brothers
i think everything's gonna be all right
good time
i just spent 13 hours in the library grinding and i don't even have stims
i am having a bad time but it's all ogre in 4 days
also haven't taken dxm in a month, had a good time last time watching perfect blue and getting mindfucked but the "afterglow" makes me retarded for the next 2 days, even on 1st plat
God damn this gaspar noe guy can film some crazy shit.
So, do you guys like porn or not?
Im asocial in it but would LOVE to meet someone to do it with. Teh sex AND the drugs.Gf doesnt like combining them and that frustrates me, fucking alcoholics thinking theyre better than anyone else.
i will never smoke doinks and jam out with my genki wife ritsu
it's not over, it never really began
BUT IN MY HEART, IT WAS SO REAAL
https://youtu.be/M6o1SEj02t0 [Embed]
would LOVE to meet someone to do it with. Teh sex AND the drugs.
you mean dxm and sex? good luck, your willy deflates after 1st plat
Gf doesnt like combining them and that frustrates me, fucking alcoholics thinking theyre better than anyone else.
i notto understando
Not all sex is done with the willy. silly. Some of it's done with your butt. I've been on the receiving end quite a few times and miss it but stilll , best sex is connecting with someone else. Expressing. Being vulnerable and honest. Thats what I want - honesty
yeah well dxm makes your whole body feel numb and skrunkly so i can't image your prostate would feel much either
much better probably fucking on pregablin, shit makes my whole body feel orgasmy and doesn't kill my libido
Why are normies so judgemental and ignorant.
HURDUR YOU USE DRUGS, YOURE A JUNKIE SCUMBAG AND BELONG IN JAIL. .
sperg lectures me on how he refuses to touch any substance because it alters his perception of reality and he doesn't need to hide or cope and blah blah blah same shit you always here
sometimes you just have to smile and nod knowing that these people won't open the door to the other half of human experience
Yeah, probably, I dream of the day I can fuck on molly tho.Pregabalin sounds nice, though I'd have no idea where to start getting it. 
God damn I need to fuck on a combo one of these days.The degeneracy is divine and I need someone to share it with. Be happy anon, the good times are ahead.
i can only order domestic cause ive had too many packages seized and there isn't anything good in my country unfortunately. quite jealous 2bqh anon
rilmazafone kinda feels like a (much) better lorazepam. i know most people don't like lorazepam, and it's obviously not my first choice either but i really don't mind it. rilmaz is similar in its specific sedative feeling to loraz, but it has a little euphoria unlike loraz. the euphoria isn't as good as something like kpins, but it does have the same sort of hit as kpins in my opinion. its just obviously a little muted when compared. unfortunately upping the rilmaz dose doesn't seem to increase this subtle euphoria at all. rilmaz gives me the same nauseous feeling in my stomach that alprazolam does but its not as bad as alp imo. and rilmaz is kinda weak. i'm sensitive to benzos and weigh like 115lbs. i'd take like 0.5-1mg if i'm do something i need to be "sober" for and like anywhere from 2-6mg for recreation. i like rilmazafone because its recreational enough while still letting me remain clearheaded. it gives a really good boost to my social performance (even on high doses), more so than other benzos. and i think thats because other benzos like alp or kpins make me go retard mode while rilmaz i remain under control. memory loss off it isn't as bad as other benzos either, feel like i can get higher off rilmaz and not black out. its worth trying if you have a small or no tolerance. 
never tried etiz so i can't compare it to that, but i really want to try etiz.
suddenly felt a sort of geometric happiness, like life was an equation that had been solved. 
Holy shit i had this exact experience on HBWR, your post just reminded me. I was laying down in the dark after taking the seeds and i forget what was happening before, it might have been a disappointing trip but then suddenly like lightning struck or a magic thought was thunk i bolted out of bed feeling amazing and everything was 10x more "fun" no matter what it was, my mind was completely unburdened by any normal anxieties and heavy feelings
THIS TIME IM IN ELECTRIC WIRE
IF THE SUN CAN RADIATE THEN SO CAN I
What would you be if you could be anything you wanted anon?
yeah it was pretty sudden for me, and i never felt like it in subsequent trips. wasn't exactly fun, but more just like an overwhelming sense of peace and clarity. afterwards i also felt like had become a ray of light and was shining through trees, and then i was standing in a river and magnolia leaves were floating by but they all contained a memory inside them
What would you be if you could be anything you wanted anon?
I wish I could be a tree man. I just want to be a big ass tree.
getting crossfaded and masturbating is better than sex goddamn
only thing better would be sloppy horny crossfaded sex
on the road in NC with my sister cause we both got kicked out of the house (she's 20 and I'm 18) 
no money but sister is hot so she became a stripper 
came back with extremely good money the MOMENT she went and found a rich guy who lets both of us sleep in his guest house rent free 
gives us all sorts of drugs for free as long as my sister goes to dinner with him and whatnot (no sex)
mfw the cruelest thing my parents ever did to us ended up with the best possible outcome 
HAHAAAH get fucked in particular dad. I'm off my ass on free cocaine in a nice house I didn't even have to pay for. Ahh.. Life is good sometimes bros.
WHOA THAT WAS
certainly an experience
In connection..
To other anons.
You people are amazing
I love this vampire shit brothas
I WITNESS YOU TREE MAN. BIG TREES ARE MY FAVORITE. HAVE YOU SEEN THE COLOURS ON A TREE?
colors are cool but colors are only possible when you also take into account lack of color
La vie c'est like espume,
Thats why you have to give yourself like the sea. That is a beautiful tree. It means you are beautiful. Hugbox. hurtbpx. the internet is a strange manifestation of human conciousness.
Pick one, forgot to mention. Im getting my fangs tomorrow. Alice went down the rabbit hole and...? Then what happenned? Which ones look more sexually inviting to you? For me, its lasombra and malk, but I should know better.
Speaking about teeth, I forgot to reschedule my dentist appoint in September and I just looked in my mouth with a camera, got a cavity that's huge and pretty much is at the root now.
Thankfully no pain but I'm likely going to have it pulled since it's 2nd molar and I'm sick of never having money. Keep getting these "random expenses". Like I just want to have a savings and a stock pile ffs
TUMBLING DOWN 
TUMBLING DOWN
TUMBLING DOWN
I like to dress in black because it makes me feel desirable
Faggot!
[Originally posted by Sneed]
Connection, it's why I don't pay for a prostitute and lose my v card at 34 years old
I just want to know what it feels like to be moved and wanted, for someone to enjoy me and I them
Yes, thank you sneed
Understandable. Do it anon. Connect with a person. In my experience many hookers are just there for the money, but some do care, do see beauty on the world. Be kind to these souls. One took me in one night very kindly.
Smoked a couple hits of this mushroom an hour ago. I was pretty nervous beforehand but surprisingly the effects were pretty good. Just gave me a nice sort of mellowing, mind calming, pain relieving sensation. Reminds me of the physical effects of cannabis but without any of the mental paranoia. I just sort of feel mellow, calm, sleepy. 
Probably wont do it again because I'm unsure about the safety (ibotenic acid), plus smoking things isn't healthy. But I will try it in tea next.
also basically what I did is scrape the white spots off, and then cut the gills of as close as possible to the skin leaving only the very darkest of the flesh or just the skin. The I dried it in front of a fan heater until it was cracker dry and crushed it up and smoked it in a pipe I made (that I never used before this).
Wew.4 hrs of fun for a dollar? Beat that normies.
People who care about taste are faggots who literally know nothing about Lucy, I've tasted bitter af tabs that can only be 100ug tops and have made me trip for 20~ hours, it literally comes down to set and setting 
Inb4 buh psychonat says...
Enjoy anon, I'm sure you're still on it
Dex pill me
what does it feel like
Anyone got lube and enema recommendations? I just got Amazon popular brand lube and some electric enema with anti backwash.
Can't wait to poop out weeks worth of poops, nearly died twice before I caught on what was happening. Would feel sick no pain, sleep like 30 hours then wake up and unleash about half a bowl of poop, literally over the water line half solid half a mush , then an hour later do it again
are there any research chemicals that even psychonauts dont realize are psychoactive
should i start buying in bulk chemicals from china?
Yes, bulk before it even gets harder to get em. Can resell for mad cash in the future
how would you even go about doing it?
Pick one, forgot to mention.
Malkavian.
no sex
That's what she tells you. You are basically pimping out your sis. Keep an eye out for her and make sure it doesn't become abusive after he grows tired of her.
use the opportunity to get a real job
will lsd help me figure out if i love my girlfriend or not?
.....go to a marketplace and choose a china vendor with gold bulk discounts. I usually get em for 10% when I do "huge "bulk orders.
If you go extreme bulk you can pay like 5 cents a gram for any rc but good luck getting it to you
It will let you think about your feelings from a different perspective. It may help you realize something, it may also do nothing.
That's great and all but you gotta make sure she's asking for gifts that you can resell for quick cash, so go for gold jewelry since it will always be worth the value of the gold at least , also MAKE SURE TO TEST ITS REAL GOLD.
the problem with these set ups is they rarely last forever and when it ends you're back to zero if you don't plan ahead.
Try to get him to buy a car in her name
If I was in that position I'd kick them out the moment I'd suspect them of trying something like this.
Let's say someone hypothetically had the intention to plug weed IRL.
Let's also say in this scenario the customers have their own scales, and will every time weigh in the grass to check if it's all there or if they got scammed out of a few grams.
Should this hypothetical person sprinkle just a pinch of iron powder on the stuff to cheat the scale?
Or do you anons think this would be too scummy, with all the moral and ethical implications of giving someone heavy metal poisoning?
Discuss.
It's scummy and depending on your costumers you might get killed or beaten into a hospital (rightfully so)
Sell an inferior product with stems, ez pz
VtMB fucking sucked, finished it just recently. It's an overhyped meme
I'm sick of the only vendors carrying my specific form of poison also cut it.
I wish this wasn't possible in this universe, I just want the product I ordered so I can properly dose and not have to worry about drug tests or accidently building a higher tolerance than k should have and also the risk of OD death
Meant than I should have,.obviously not talking about K.
Also check em
no, I do not enjoy big tiddy vampires, cunning political intrigue, a blasting soundtrack, an introduction to the setting that keeps on bringing people into the tabletop, and some of the best dialogue and voice acting in any rpg with facial expressions still looking great 20 years later due to source engine magic
Alright, what's something you DO enjoy?
Based pursuer of forbidden knowledge. Physically it might not be so bad (and it shouldn't, considering all bites sans giovanni feel orgasmic in-universe) but mentally... ohnonono. You know what they say about sticking your neck in crazy.
Darn anon that sounds rough. Teeth are always such high maintenance primadonnas compared to other bones. I hope you can find a place that does it cheap and well and can save up a small% month by month destined just or that.
Well if my tirade last night in this thread didn't convince you, it feels rather mellow. It's like the midpoint between weed and acid. Initially there's some disorientation during the comeup, which you can feel setting on early, maybe 30 mins after consumption. Gotta be careful cuz at this point you may or may not throw up, doesn't matter if you do, it's still enough to get you there. Some people shit themselves, but after the initial discomfort, you're golden for the evening. Visuals are there at a certain point in an almost psychedelic manner, lights and colours look funny, you start robowalking (which is, feeling a certain disconnect between your physical movements and your processing of them), music sounds amazing on it, colours and shapes warp all over. Then on the comedown it's very calm and sedating, you can just lie down and breathe and relax. Defs recommended at least once.
How do I lab test things? Seems like kf you care about OP SEC it would be hard to do, or maybe it's easy idk , that's why I ask
funny how even after muh legal weed the dark web still has the best deals and quality, I guess that's how markets work. I wish I had the money to open up a corner weed store I would undercut everyone so hard and make a fucking killing.
I mean, do you have a laboratory? if not you'll have to pay a fee and send it into one, I've never done it before there's a few ones you can find online like drugsdata.org
DXM is shit and I can't trip on it at any plat but the afterglow feels goddamn amazing. Head's clear, mood's lifted, mind is sharp, body is energetic. Literally an antidepressant.
she's your older sister and probably feels responsible for taking care of you. I feel like you should reassess the situation and get a job so your sister doesn't have to be a whore herself out. I wouldn't be happy in that situation but hey maybe that's just me.
Right but then you gotta mail drugs , which is illega l, gotta send payment etc
literally the opposite it makes me feel retarded
I guess it would be a risk but if you put the drugs in a regular envelope, it seems extremely unlikely it would opened for no reason. don't put your real return address, pay with crypto, wear gloves and a mask when you hand in the envelope if you're a real paranoiac. Idk how they would track that back to you or if anyone would give a fuck about a tiny dose of drugs in the mail even if it was seized.
Oh shit this site is fine to look at.
Look at this guy's "heroin"
https://drugsdata.org/view.php?id=16025
Yep and what I'm testing isn't even illegal, I don't do illegal drugs, just grey at worst
Etiz is great for functional use you make rilmaz sound similar. I should look into it. Apparently Spain is where etiz is being made now but getting it to the States is a bitch. Maybe one day it'll be back. You refer to nausea with alps for me it causes this wierd dysphoric feeling in my belly despite the calming aspect. Maybe we're referring to the same thing but interpreting it different. Also how do kpins compare with etiz in terms of functional use to anyone whose tried both.
missed you bros back on drugfeel for the first time in about a year, currently off 18g red vein kratom (best opi next to codeine)
cut back significantly on weed too went from like 5g of shatter a week to about 1/8th of flower 
took like 90mg of the robotabs the other day and got so scared i just went to sleep, afterglow is absolutely top though it feels like love
Today is the day. After fasting the day before, I've taken two tabs of 1PL and we'll see how fast it kicks in.
depends on dose, at like 2nd 3rd plat its like being drunk and tripping, your head is clear but you have a hard time controlling your body it can make you very sick though ive tripped bad off it more than good but when its good its great, insanity in a bottle i once spent 15,000 years in a bathroom i because the size of a moon and went into the 2nd dimension
lol based
onetime i became a shower. another time i left the universe. on 600mg i ceased to exist and lived in another timeline
Are there any drugs other than stuff like xanax and alcohol that wouldn't make schizophrenia worse? I haven't done acid since I became a schizo and I'm worried it'll give me a horrible trip.
kpin is very functional in my experience, probably more so than etiz but its not as recreational and lasts way longer obviously. it practically made me want to do shit somehow it gave me energy and motivation.
downers are what youre looking for so opiates and the like 
im also psychotic and imo psychs and weed will make you experience more shit during and in the days after a dose but dont actually make it worse in the long run, uppers like meth and coke do however make me tweak out real bad and i regret doing them i think speed made me worse
what determines a bad trip is all about set and setting and its also helpful to know if all of your experiences with psychosis have been negative
if youre afraid of the things youre thinking and feeling and seeing then yes id recommend avoiding psychedelics but if you handle hallucinations and delusions well then acid can still be a positive experience for you
guy on hydrogen supposedly has pre-ban etizolam, I want to buy a gram of powder but its $300 and I'll be fucking pissed if its the fake etiz
Shit I wish I could get my gf to a rave, maybe ease her in, but she's all guitar music and doesn't understand that drugs and electronic music fit together so perfectly
psych faggot telling a literal schizo that acid can be a positive experience
psychotards never change lmao
i have schizophrenia as well lmao im speaking from experience 
it has not ruined my life despite having tripped 30+ times on L and shrooms 
t. i have a job and friends and am active and well liked in my community
literal fucking schizo has a better life and is more functional than me
brb gonna off myself
Another shit, a decent house techno DJ is coming through our town in a couple of weeks, playing at the only decent local venue and the tickets are cheap. I really want to talk the gf into going to this with me and opening her mind to the rave lifestyle
i love dextroamphetamine
I'll soon try MDMA, LSD and Ketamine. How would you guys rate each of them /10
im gonna get a use my credit card to get a cash advance and spend it on a miniature collection of drugs. im 100% sure this will motivate me to get a job.
First time MDMA is 10/10 but it gets worse each time even if you wait months between each drop. Acid can be everything from a 0/10 to 10/10 but for me it always was a 9 or a 10. Ketamine is a solid 8
Wicked drunk last night
Send a risky text to a woman I've barely interacted with cuz I'm thinking about her ass
Actually succeeds
She's coming over to my place in a few hours
Wtf bros, is this the power of alcohol? Was I a slumbering chad all along?
Took some pregbalin and edible weed now I'm too horny to think stright literal coomer heaven
Damn I need to get drunk too
Listen take it from me, when you have a collection of drugs you do the drugs. You can't just keep them. I've tried it so many times, save them for when they're most needed. But I just end up doing them all until there's none left, then I'm sad.
