my biggest fear is being raped by a moid
My biggest fear is being in love with a girl.
My biggest fear is kissing a foid
Get a gun then, problem solved, jfl at thinking anyone would rape you anyway you ugly turdwhore.
R9k is so gynocentric lately wtf happened to this place.
i wish there was a zoomer wizchan
it happens it's whatever
My biggest fear is shitting my pants.
get a gun
I think it's funny that gun owners think that firearms are magic deux ex machinas for being attacked by another person.
A gun is definitely an equalizer, but there are factors that will influence the use of the gun beyond just having one
will you be able to pull your gun effectively under duress
I think that having a gun is good, but it's really third on the list of priorities
will you be able to aim effectively under duress
I think that having a gun is good, but it's really third on the list of priorities
learn how to be situationally aware
I think that order makes a lot more sense
Why the fuck would you want a gun if you aren't even able to use proper footwork to avoid a punch
learn basic hand to hand self defense principles
I think that order makes a lot more sense
Why the fuck would you want a gun if you aren't even able to use proper footwork to avoid a punch
obtain a gun
I think that order makes a lot more sense
Why the fuck would you want a gun if you aren't even able to use proper footwork to avoid a punch
This shit boggles my mind. I feel like half the people who jump straight to "just buy a gun" are people who genetically weren't meant to be fighting off threats or dealing with danger.
CC and LC have been taken over by a Jewish tranny and a child porn bot, so we have to post here.
Good, I am angry and I am out there, Be carful.
Cope. Just pulling out a gun is a deterrent to 95% of criminals. Fire randomly if you cannot aim, its human instinct to try to dodge hot metal bullets. Shoot in the leg or groin if you dont want to kill them. Ezpz.
Why do you have to post here full of moids?
I thought you hated us.
What exactly am I coping with?
I said that having a gun is about a third of the battle.
I hope you can respond coherently and not like a fucking idiot, the way you're teetering on responding right now
how many times have you ever actually done this in your life though
Don't worry I don't think it will happen femanon just keep on going and dont think about it
you mean your biggest goal, femoid?
I don't...
How many times have I done what?
How many times have I had to pull a gun on a person while worried they might attack me?
Never
How many times have I been in potential danger around others? Probably around a score or so
criminals raping women in the alley is mostly a meme. the person you're most likely to get raped by is a moid you have trusted enough to let yourself be alone with in private
that's a girl!
I wont protect you
have fun in that dangerous world out there
It also turns you on though, doesn't it?
Testosterone gives males "superpowers", physically and mentally. DESU, a guy would have a similar chance of being stabbed by an addict hobo, than you would be of getting raped by him, but most men don't experience fear in the same way you do, even though we are more likely of being shot on the back, and less likely of being attacked by "sane" thugs. So yeah, males will never understand you, because they have similar chances in most cases, but they don't care about it.
I will never understand it too, but here are my advices anyway, don't go out at night or dangerous places, have pepper spray, for situations out of the loop. Have company, a male relative or boyfriend would be best, but female helps too. Practice self defense classes, it may be a long shot, but it would help you to cope. 
I've heard that screaming fire is a good way to get attention, since people will aways come to see if there is a fire. Never stop fighting, unless they have a gun.
I have a crazy one too, if you are attacked, shit your pants and smear it over your body and face to look less attractive.
In the end, let's be honest, there will aways be a chance of getting attacked, just like there is a chance that a drunk driver will run you over on the sidewalk. But we all should find methods to feel safe at least.
revenge is always nice
By that logic, if you are a white guy, being raped by a BBC should turn you on, since that's a stereotype of the same level around here.
What the fuck is it with the people on this board and feeling that there is no way to defend oneself?
Do you all just have really shitty genes or something?
An average female won't be able to do anything against an weak guy unless she has a weapon. If you are fighting a bear, bear avoidance tactics and pepper spray is believed to be better than a gun, the only thing worse than a curious bear is a raging one. Fighting a hobo as a femoid or even as a moid should be looked in the same way, if you have to use a gun you have a great chance of being injured and killed as well. Of course you should carry a gun, but it's best to learn how "bears" behave so you don't get to the point where you have to use it, and if you are too afraid of bears you will miss the woods.
It's all cope, just aim the gun at the head and pull the trigger, even an smol kid can do it
It's also your fetish.
