Will getting a girlfriend fix me?
idk why but this is the only type of girl thatd be interested in me in hs, not appearence-wise but the school shooter loving part
Fix you? No. If you're looking to get "fixed" youll end up with an ultra manipulative bitch of a women who will backseat your entire life and only make you more miserable
No, but it will make your life slightly more bareable. There's plenty of research to show that being touched by a loved one reduces the intensity of pain.
Noop not a chance
Least mentally ill femanons
It'll probably be more of a passive aggressive reminder of your inadequacies, that nobody expects you to really fix but want to shove it in your face anyway.
This, once the novelty wears off, you'll only acquire new problems along with your existing ones. Someone else can't "fix" you, but they can help you fix yourself. If they're similarly in need of fixing, they're more likely to make things worse than to embark on a mutual journey to fix each others' problems.
will getting a boyfriend fix me
thats very gay of you
Women are horrific and you will only feel much much worse
i am not xy chromeo
what could be fixable about you?
Ive become much happier since I got a girlfriend and started feeling less like I missed out on life. 
HOWEVER, my social phobia or self esteem didn't improve much. Maybe they didn't even improve at all.
Yes, through all of human history men have done all things in order to impress women and find a mate, behind every invention, every revolution, every form of art is a man trying to get mate, fags will tell you women aren't worth it and call you a simp but that's just Psy ops so you stop trying and they get less competition. In reality women are the n.1 motivation for men
Yes. Despite what normies and self-help experts try to convince you otherwise.
a girl tried doing this to me when i literally said i wanted to kill her
i am probably too broken for this
why would you say it? whats broken about you?
Fix yourself before starting a relationship. I got into most of my relationships because I was lonely. Anytime I was in a relationship, I'd get comfortable and start slacking on my goals (fitness, business, education). Last time this happened, I gave up on a project that would've made me decent money (10-30 thousand), didn't even progress fitness wise and didn't start learning what I planned to that year. All this lead me to becoming a sad sack of shit with no ambition who got all of my happiness from my partner. I resented the person I had become. 
All in all, getting a girlfriend won't magically fix you. If you don't trust me on this, get into at least a 6+ month relationship and then we can talk.
In the end, believing that someone else can save/fix you is the ultimate form of cope there is.
You lucky faggot. That's hot as fuck
