Does every country really need to import one bajillion refugees (most who won't even get jobs and will live their entire lives on welfare) to pay for baby boomers and their lavish lifestyles? Can't we just let them starve?
Even though the bajillion refugees won't get jobs they'll still buy shit which will increase the value of the stocks the boomers have invested in and therefore the GDP. It's broken windows economics but it doesn't matter because everything is so saturated and fragmented.
Yes, honestly. Our lives get easier and most of those immigrants will have better lives here than in their home countries. If you don't like it, you shouldn't have waited so long to have kids.
But it thought we weren't supposed to have kids, to save the plant and stop overpopulation?
LMFAO. you got played.
Yes, that's how real life works.
I don't even think its about economic there is just a large influential subset of people who hate white people and think the world would be a better place without them. Look at how liberals cried last year when they saw how Hawaiians were being replaced my white people. I refuse to believe they are that ignorant, They know what they are doing.
Yeah out lives our easier when you live in a economically depressed filthy shithole where every single job is minimum wage and and you will never be able to afford a house. Also just ignore that every single time a location is blessed with diversity the crime rate increase.
every job is minimum wage
low IQ bait
the only people not affording houses are the immigrants who don't have generations of wealth and land ownership here.
you played yourself.
You're so fucking dishonest it's unreal. There is zero metric where lives have improved because of mass immigration.
There's zero metric where mass immigration has any effect at all, and it's morally the right thing to do.
No it isn't. The burden of proof is on you if you're claiming that it's beneficial. Also you don't have a moral system to subscribe to begin with, so it's foolish for you to even make a moral argument. Now prove that it's good or fuck off.
I think boomers should have managed their money better and saved more.
Imagine relying on other people's handouts for your retirement, baka
Now prove that it's good
No.
No.
We need immigration. You have never owned a business in your life.
You lose, nigger. You have no evidence. I accept your concession. Hopefully those low iq subhumans you love so much gut you and rape your mom and sisters in front of your dying face. Fucking dishonest scumbag kike.
I don't have sisters you uneducated snake. If you're indifferent to immigration and have no argument, then there's no concession to be made.
The holocaust never happened but it should have you rat kikes deserve it
Yes that's why the other anon never made any claims about immigration. He just asked for evidence and then ran away scared because she couldn't handle the heat.
Hitler should have at least actually killed at least one of you dishonest cockroach kikes before killing himself you move the goalposts and lie theres no point in arguing with a schizophrenic kike like you
One minute kikes and liberals brag about how beneficial immigration is and when you objectively prove it isn't. "Oh yeah well maybe you're right. But you deserve it. This is revenge for colonialism".
Do you have any evidence for your claim or are you going to lose just like that other anon who doesn't understand the benefits of immigration?
Mass immigration is all part of the plan to further destabilize the country so we are easier to rule. Immigrants overwhelmingly vote democrat because they give out free stuff, the same party at the forefront of trying to further gun control (another tactic to weaken us) and other forms of subtle population control (censorship). Immigrants also do not share in the core values of the country they move to, its completely opportunistic, not a place they feel real loyalty towards so they are less likely to fight for the core rights and liberties that strengthen the citizens and will be easily influenced by propaganda.
nice bait faggot, kill yourself.
Ok kike you are clearly too retarded to understand so let me explain you are the one that made the claim so the burden of proof is on you when you post proof then I will send my own proof thats how this works
It's actually not bait since it was proven by quality of life indices.
belt. tree. chair. kick. you disgusting autist.
I'm not the retard who thinks immigration is bad you schizo.
you are so fucking retarded its not even funny, i don't even know how you managed to get internet access, read your previous posts. even with what little you have written you contradict yourself.
You keep replying to the wrong person but go on girl.
There are no persons on 4chan. Every post here is made by you, and by me, and we reply to the entirety of them.
The entire farming system is propped up by cheap immigrant labour, white people couldn't and wouldn't work those jobs for those wages.
Then let them go bust and build houses on that farmland
Doesn't sound like a loss
Who will build the houses if white people are lazy?
White people
There was a meme a long long time ago about how every post on 4chan was made by some guy named Alex or something like that
Physically impossible. We need immigrants
The alternative is letting boomers starve and get no medical care. Personally, I want all fucking boomers to die. However, boomers vote and you don't, so 1 million refugees it is.
Dishonest. Every job in the contruction sector or anywhere really has dozens of native applicants.
Kill yourself you degenerate communist kike
