Why do people demonize fathers like this?
Because theyre angry
girl who
as much as i love my dad, what they've said is true as he wasn't involved. dads, you've got to be there, these dumbass bitch whores have no idea how the fuck to deal with anything at all
Because they deserve it.
Its the mens fault for ruining mens reputation unironically.
If the "good men" kept "the bad apples" in line then they wouldnt do bad things and ruin all mens reputation.
If women in general were less whorish and deceptive more fathers in general would be there for their kids.
t. father
You are supposed to accept them as the whores they are and love them anyway. More the fool you.
It's just women being childish and their simps supporting them like always. Woman chooses to have kids with good looking abusive guy who doesn't care about her = entirely his fault when he leaves her (usually without ever claiming he wouldn't leave her so there's no reason to expect him to stay). Project those mental gymnastics onto men as a group and you have that post. Just stop choosing bad guys and you won't have bad outcomes it is that simple.
I also like these mental gymnastics 
What exactly are other men supposed to do? Beat you up when you have sex with an abusive dude? There's nothing men can do to stop it because it is entirely the fault of women for not having any sort of morals or standards beyond looks/money/power.
How is this even a big deal? Why would this even bother you? And yes, most fathers kind of suck ass
If there's one thing women are good at, it's blaming men and shifting victimhood status onto themselves
i feel like women might push men out as much as men step away. no tolerance for differing parental styles and they just monopolise.
Men on reddit like to play victims about things that aren't real because they have no problems in their lives. See also all the men whining about how they can't walk behind women at night without her being scared of him or be nice to children without people thinking they are a pedo. They are putrid scrotes
If the dad is listed at first contact there might be a reason for it.
God redditors deserve eternal wageslavery.
this. it is gloom fuel
don't even know if it's worth looking for a potential co-creator for future crotch goblins
Society is gyno-centric.
It's not but it would unironically be better if that was the case
It is. If you're a female and are not living an incredible, exciting and straightforward life right now, kill yourself, because even your own system and peers failed you.
Traditional roles are man earns money, woman raises children.
If there is only 1 person earning for the family, that is a lot of pressure. Women class raising children as a full-time job, the men have to go and do a job to earn money.
Are you impressed by the job having free food and ping pong...? How old are you
No we are supposed to feel bad because they had not only 1 but multiple children from these deadbeat dads in the 21st century. because muh women suffer from free will
We're impressed by how much she's being paid to do nothing
My job is making holes in plastic signs for 7 hours a day.
What did this subhuman mean by that?
No point in having kids AT ALL if you aren't a woman, is there
Wish I was a woman so bad
This is annoying but it goes the other way too. When I dropped by car off after it got smashed up in an accident they kept calling me even though I gave them my mother's phone number the the primary number because I work the exact hours they work. Instead of just calling my mother after a try or two they'd continue calling. I even picked up once and asked them to contact my mother as I gave her all of the information and I'm working. Next hour they call me again.
It's just individuals with preferences being morons.
So according to this logic, even if I am a part of my child's life actively, I'm still at fault... Because other father's aren't?
Replace men with blacks and women and I agree. Actually I agree either way because prejudice is normal.
Just from her username you can tell she is fat and ugly and no men hit on her, and her dad either was abusive or just abandoned her, which caused her to eat her feelings causing her to be fat in the first place
They have HR brain
Your worth is decided by fake smiles and pleasantries
Lol someone's clearly a single parent...
Amy Pond turned into a landwhale
Kek are you really mad online over some early 20s woman with an entry level corpo job?
Imagine having a kid now, in the ass end of Western civilization.
They'll grow up being forcefed propaganda, surrounded by angry brown retards that think they're being oppressed because they can't read or do math without counting on their fingers.
Imagine dooming your beloved child to live in the dystopian hell generations of apathy created.
Having a white kid today is child abuse.
Gb2/pol/chud
Agreed, only minorities should breed.
at least she does something in a productive branch, my job is literally degeneracy Inc. and is objectively bad for people's health lol.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA your cats will eat you in your lonely apartment
Vast majority of criminals and people living under the poverty line have been brought up in single mom households. Children raised in single father households do much better in life.
Males make MUCH better parentss.
my dad is an irredeemable piece of shit personally, put I don't agree with the generalization
based dad not being a narc
Moms get called first because Dads are at their jobs. Traditionally the mom deals with this stuff until the dad gets home and deals out punishment. Not sure what this retard is talking about or what she's responding to.
What the fuck
id rather us righteous men die out and the righteous gene be evacuated from the gene pool leaving only weak and demonic characteristics of man.
im tired of my kindness being used as a stepping stone
Wtf no.
They should keep their fellow men in line.
If a man beats his wife all his male neightbours should come and beat him until he never even thinks about raising his hand on his wife ever again.
Stuff like that.
