is 4chan a dying website full of millenials and boomers? what is the age distribution here?
Im 25. There's a lot of kids and foids who are super edgy for no reason and the occasional true 30+ wizard
27 here, haven't been on here in years for anything other than porn. Decided to check out different boards tonight. This one is the saddest.
is 4chan a dying website full of millenials and boomers?
yes. its going the way of ytmnd, ebaumsworld, albinoblacksheep, facepunch etc
Decided to check out different boards tonight. This one is the saddest.
youre right i was going to compare this board to another site but this is pretty much the self deprication board.,
im uhh im uhhhhhhhhhhhh 18
imagine what this site will be like in 5 years 
MODS
theres no way to prove im lying im invincible
I imagine it is dying to some degree. Not really sure what the modern replacement is as I'm not young and hip.
What kind of person are you mr underage? 
Judging by the way you type, I assume you are just an "alt normie" who has had friends, maybe dated, and may even get a real job someday. Am I right?
31 years old. Got here in 2008.
has had friends
true but not atm
maybe dated
if you count 6th grade then yea
may even get a real job someday
idk im almost dropping out
So my judgement was correct. That seems typical of most kids on here, I was just wondering
do you know that many kids on here sir
Yes I've encountered a few
this board seems to be full of zoomers,
it feels like the demographics swapped between /b/ and /r9k/, /b/ seems to be boomer central judging it by the quality and topics of the posts
in your experience were they mostly girls or boys n what were their interests
Yes, you can see it very clearly on r9k over the years. You still get new people 18-20 coming in, but at a slower rate than the past. The overall userbase is shrinking and aging simultaneously
A mix, and mostly uninteresting stuff like video games, or some niche thing that is boring but they decided to pick up to seem more interesting.
hmmmmmm seems like im more interesting than i thought
thx anon sir
is 4chan a dying website
Surprisingly not.
full of millenials and boomers? 
Kinda, but there's a lot more of zoomers than you'd think.
what is the age distribution here?
Late teens - early 20's is the largest demography on most polls.
I'm really tired of millenials and gen x'ers who only came here after 2016. The millenials and gen x'ers who have been here since moot days are okay and I hope they stay.
what if i came here march 2015
ummm
do you have it backwards? the site is dying because millennials and boomers (who built the site and made all sorts of memorable moments and meetups happen) are leaving because zoomers turned it into a shithole
used to be you could make friends on here with next to no effort and if you met up with them irl they'd be chill and normal and would make lasting connections. Now it's just full of crazy psychopathic zoomers who just want to antagonize everyone. There's no board culture or interesting helpful posts. There's no going to /diy/ and seeing ideas that normalfags would never come up with. There's no going to /k/ and getting help with your first firearm. There's no going to /v/ and having fun moments like in 2012 when we played that Pooh game
24 here and have been here since 2009. It's definitely way, WAY worse. Definitely not dying.
The millenials and gen x'ers who have been here since moot days are okay and I hope they stay.
I'm one of those, but moot was always a faggot.
I will perform coitus with you.
Didn't he start dating an mtf tranny?
You've been here since you were 10? If it's not bullshit, I feel sorry for you.
This. Fucking election tourists.
is 4chan a dying website
Culturally and spiritually? Yes.
Financially? Probably not.
In terms of user activity? Definitely not.
full of millenials and boomers?
Yes, though zoomers are arguably the most significant age group.
what is the age distribution here?
I imagine this site keeps attracting young (under 30) people mostly while older (30 and up) stay here forever, so the distro might become even; now it's maybe 5:2 in favor of the younger folks.
ive never seen an underage person on here
Nothing to feel sorry for I've lived a pretty normal life so far. I've been inside a woman which is miles ahead other fags here.
4chan has always been constantly swamped with kids. Browse a fast board like /v/ or /pol/ for 10 minutes and you'll see.
i was thinking the same thing, glad someone said it. i used to browse heavily back in 2013-2015 and it felt like there was some sort of sense of community, everyone banded together over being losers... for better or worse, and insults were more akin to banter then malignant vitriol.
now it just sucks seeing people just be antagonized by their own "community" in one of the only places they come to vent.
