What is a good job for a 25 year old schizo/schizoid socially anxious introvert NEET with no skills?
you could try planting trees
maybe like some sort of isolated warehouse work. Just pick shit up and put it down with no one around.
Literally me. I'm the target audience
Do people actually pay people to plant trees and how would one get into something like that?
This one: professional tendiebux collector. If you're serious about wagie life, though, the ones suggested ITT are probably the best. I was going to suggest driving jobs (such as garbage truck or snowplow) and night-shift security, but all of the ones I had in mind need at least a license or some training. Also, I think janitors and factory workers are expected to socialize at least a little in their workplace.
Web developer + work from home.
Night time or cemetary security
Well, I have no charisma, I'm not terribly clever, I'm weak and shy and unambitious, and I've found a wonderfully comfortable employment responding to customer service emails for a small company! I found the job by browsing online employment websites, such as Indeed.com, Monster.com, and CareerBuilder.com. I rarely have a need to speak with my employers and I have no coworkers to interact with; it's very comfy, and allows me to remain fully hikki up to my preference! The only real requirement is the ability to write fluent english. I wish you the best of luck with your job hunt, Anon!
a victim of MK ULTRA, let the government mind control you life is much easier
Gas pump night shift in a small place
Warehouse jobs where you pick orders. You basically dont have to socialize at all, you walk a bunch so paid exercise then in off time can be as spergy as you want. Always been the comfiest jobs, and if you want you could become a supervisor eventually and order wagies around
Dishwasher at a restaurant/food department of a grocery store. Don't have to deal with anyone, can work your way into becoming a cook and eventually a chef. Very easy if you aren't literally retarded.
Not this. At least not anywhere that is always busy. Your cartilage will be ground to dust and you will have chronic pain.
Are you the original thisposter? I remember you from ages ago.
hey anonette! it's mr poet.
looking forward to your next thread.
bump my nigga
There are literally fucking none if you live in this shithole of the united states.
Every fucking job has you work a register or study for 8 years in college.
I managed to get a boring office job where I get 1 hour of work a day that I just spread out and pretend to look busy for 8 hours. I've been reading books during my shift and then shuffle papers around when a coworker walks in to check on me, and they look proud of me for being a "hard worker" for the new guy. The pay is kind of shit though, but it's a job where I'm basically still a NEET but just in a suit now.
Amazon MTurk.
Doesn't that pay like pennies per task that could take 10 minutes?
You think trees just grow legs and arms and dig holes to plant themselves?
Yeah, but the goal is to do them in your free time for easy pity income, and to get tangible skills you can put on your resume for something real down the line.
bros, there's a grocery store who asked me for an interview, should I go?
bros send help, what should I do?
If the paycheck would be greater than your NEETbux, I would say it's worth it. It may seem like a shitty job, but as long as you are earning money and are interfacing with human society in some way, you can slowly crawl your way out of this shithole
