What celebrity do you look alike? according to some gay app i look like Sage Stallone, is he good looking yes or no?
i dont really know, can you give us the app?
He has some above average features but his face shape and proportion make him around average 
What celebrity do you look alike?
Ever since I got chubby/overweight a few guys said I look like Kanye West
I've been told that I look like the paramore singer and Saoirse Ronan. Zooey Deschanel too. so, I imagine I'm pretty "mid".
https://starbyface.com/
it also has a website
I look just like this Hungarian comedian.
except i have longish hair now
Says I look like dave franco and alexander koch
He would actually be pretty cute if he wasnt fat
its so over for you anon im so sorry...
c-c'mon he cant be that ugly
Sadly I've heard this myself before...having a food addiction fucking sucks ngl.
neanderthal level at best anon...
i got her but im a guy tf
Some gay app thinks I look like some kpop dude despite the fact I'm as Irish looking as you can be, red hair and all
Pete buttigieg phenotype
I dont really know celebrities but he looks like a fatter version of that John snow guy from game of thrones. A lot of girls wanted to fuck him when that show first came out, so maybe?
It says I look like this guy
I look like Mexican Andy.
damn...you poor soul
always get this one (amanda seyfried esp younger)
not even a tranny, just ugly and manjawed
bro i only got asians and ezra miller wht do i make of this im not even asian
Sharing my results
I took a fresh pic with a deadpan expression
you are now asian my friend
Most recently it's been George Harrison, this is the most accurate picture to support the claims.
Apparently when I was younger I looked a bit like McLovin.
I'm gonna assume that's not a good thing.
??????????? HOW THE HELL AM I ASIAN
It's beyond over
They are all ugly
this is so fun
I have a striking resemblance with Tsar Nicholas the 2nd
jon lovitz
That's interesting, I've always thought that my boyfriend looks like a slightly chubbier version of Nicholas.
t. normoid
Matt Damon
These all look different to each other, tf.
i miss eye rate threads
My Sudanese friend told me years ago that I look like Dane DeHaan. I had no clue who that was, so I looked him up. Turns out white people just all look the same to him.
welp kill me now
Apparently the Indian guy from Big bang theory according to the app, I'm not even South Asian
the two I've been told by other people are Ed Norton from Fight Club and later Ryan Gosling 
I don't really consider myself very attractive and the main similarity to Gosling I have would be I have a bit of an autism face
these are my two highest
tried 2 very clear recent photos of me, guess I just look too ambiguous
spent a minute editing pic
did the test 
Tfw no viktor tsoi bf
I look like Chud
Ryan Gosling does have that robot look.
None of the matches I get are close to accurate, but one of the ones I got is also someone I been told I look like a few times. The Shameless guy
Looks like human Shrek if he was in a rock band
