This is my ideal woman and I'm tired of pretending otherwise. 
Fembots like this I love you and appreciate you
That's like a duke nukem picture without a cigar. it's close but ain't it. Chick needs a beer gut to be a fembot. Or a dick to be a femboy.
Moids must ALL DIE
Wowowow u are so quirky anon trully your tastes are so unique.
OK nigga?
She also needs about 500% more pubic hair.
Where do I even find girls like this?
Your imagination.
this is my gf, she spends too much time playing games and reading vns that she forgets to eat.
5000% more
your gf is a loser
At least you're honest
Just one thing. One little thing. You don't even have to try
lol, you're like the women who say that them wanting a 6'0"+ man is completely acceptable.
OP said "ideal", not his bare minimum standard. Now go backing to reading your dark romance novels where the average woman pulls the 6'3 muscular bad boy machiavellian Billionaire, dumb roasties.
post the original original
yea sounds like an average modern western male, keep chasing stacy and then blaming every woman on earth when you get burned because you went for someone out of your league.
lf autistic gf, any body-type is fine just don't be unhealthy
its literally me but i shave my pits
yep.
typically if you have a waist that thin, your bf% needs to be quite low, which means skinnier arms and thighs, as well as smaller tits.
Just don't be fat and you'll be attractive
It isn't that hard
this art fucking sucks
she looks 19 retard
Pass.
why is this literally me 
orgnally
Ok but im flat
and so am i, so its a perfect match
How brave
Ok but how old are you? 
JHYMAK
I guess if you're happy together that's all that matters
Where's the dick?
I hooked up with a girl like that and her ass tasted bad and her pussy was hairy so i couldnt even eat her out
Note the somehow pristine body despite apparently being a neet slob. That doesnt happen irl these women are disgusting
OP pic looks like a pretty standard young adult woman who isn't too overweight or too thin
Where are you from in the West that this can still be considered the standard?
except the art anon posted is very different from being some basic girl, so kys
the obesity epidemic has turned pretty much any "average" weight woman into at least a 7 or 8 out of 10
It's not even that. It's just don't be fat.
flat chest
I don't care
no ass
don't care
stretch marks
don't care
mediocre to ugly face
don't care
outie pussy
don't care
literally could not care less.
Don't be fat and you'll get a guy.
It is literally a cartoon version of the exact same girl in body type/basic appearance, but with glasses, knee highs and a t shirt. Literally proving the point
This is me but with longer pubes and hair. My hair is down to my waist but always super messy. I dont ever really shave my armpits or pubes because no one is seeing them and I hate the feeling. But this post is a larp anyway, moids only want Stacy
idealized bodies exist, but most people don't really have that as a STANDARD. Might as well point out how women aren't cel shaded
I have wavy/slightly curly hair so I'm not sure if it's the same for everyone, but the constant itchiness for the first week or so after shaving is one of the most annoying feelings. Same for the neckbeard but that's easier to manage since I have to shave every day anyway.
no thanks i'll be enjoying it tonight
would you workout and do gym activities together with a fembot gf?
I don't want Stacy, because Stacy only ever insulted me for being "different" and never had a coherent thought in her brain. I want my cute fembot GF that looks like OP's pic and I won't be gaslighted into thinking otherwise
I just did my daily exercise routine and talked out loud to myself as though this were really happening. Good God, I am so lonely.
Basically this but also Japanese.
Based op, this is my secret desire as well. Who wants a stuck up, prudish gf when you can have a degen gf who realizes how retarded life is and just wants to enjoy it while we're alive. This is unironically my biggest motivation to get a job and move out, so I can support a gf like this while I work remotely and we can just degen out together and enjoy life while we watch the world pass us by
Would you at least trim so it's easier for me to go down on you/lick your armpits?
Yeah no, I'd be fucking dead.
share the load, she can handle it
Look at those traps, I bet she's never done a facepull in her life.
This picture reminds me so much of when my grandfather used to molest/rape me that I'm honestly a little red faced
Stop taunting me with dreams I'll never have.
That's all I want as a fit guy. Maybe not gym, but still working out. Gym work is too repetitive.
Is that a former robot or former bf?
*former robot*
...what do you mean by cardio?
Ah well, too bad I've always been a cyborg. I know a pretty good cardio exercise though.
(((cardio)))
That sounds pretty hot honestly.
Oh right, gotcha. Cycling.
I don't understand what this picture is trying to convey :(
...
vegeta got his shit kicked in by a cyborg, sorry i know dbz is obscure these days.
i give up lol
Boring.
That the anon you were responding to holds you in contempt because you don't belong here and it's tantamount of a person with a limp telling a person in a wheelchair
Also there's the irony of Vegeta basically being out for "cyborg" heads during that arc in DBZ
I recommend you an hero or never post about gay shit like that again on this board
Holy shit I want to have sex with this image right now!
vegeta got his shit kicked in by a cyborg, sorry i know dbz is obscure these days.
It's just been too long. I was thinking about Cell but forgot that immediately before it they were trying to hunt cyborgs. I used to play dragon ball games on my psp, nds, and wii quite a lot as a kid, but as I said, it's been a long time lol. I really enjoyed playing as Broly.
Well, I don't really care because as a cyborg I don't belong anywhere.
