Are entities really like this? Can drugfags confirm?
This not mean my thing was even remotely close a 'dmt experience's or a conventional dream
internalised racism. it's their inner white boy coming out. they need to accept him into their heart in order to heal.
Blacks are white deep down
Those entities are just a facet of your own mind and experiences. Some incel has probably been called ugly or an incel by these entities too.
Yep, 100% true, trust me.
Lmaoing rn imagining a nigger doing a satanic ritual to summon a demon and as soon as it shows up it says "Nigger" and disappears in a flash and the nigger is left with his face covered in dust lol
Here, I made this for (You)
Noice. Lmao
DMT hallucinations are made up from your own imagination your hallucinations will be racist if you think they are racist.
I have to say it. It takes a retarded nigger to think it is racist demons saying nigger. Any sane person would connect the dots and realize this is all coming from your own brain.
one time the entities made fun of me for getting in a car accident by showing me an animated slideshow on how to drive properly. that's it though
DMT elves are supossed to be tricksters and they want to somehow enlight you using humor and irony. i think if a machine elf would to this to a POC is to mock their wokeness and make them realise how stupid it is to forbid a word and legitimely think is racist to use it even for satire. psychodelics are for chads who want to trascend their bodies and biographical identical and not for virgin ethnicity obssesed globalists virgin anons.
what do?
i meant identity not identical
t. never done DMT btw but ive done other psychedelics
showing me an animated slideshow o
How coherent this was? Like super crystal clear coherent or like how we can't read in dreams sometimes type of coherence?
Now they worry about not real entities resembling no race calling them A WORD they don't even mind using? Lmao how fragile can you get.
He was high as fuck, any semblance of coherence psychedelic trips may have is probably given to them after the fact, and if you sometimes can't even remember what actually happened, who's to say what you think you remember you tripped about is correct?
they
calm down, retard. it's one guy
Any of you degenerates know where to buy DMT carts? I want to try this shit so bad.
carts
holy shit bros get a load of this one
although DMT carts would be based
Well, ok ...
In general all spirits can be liars or even crazy. People who are doing magic with rituals or take drugs might get in contact with ghosts (of the dead) or spirits (from other cosmic planes) but not with actuall deities. That is very rare, and you would be a prophet then, technically. Ghosts can talk just shit, because they are just people, only dead ones, and not more reasonable than the living. Spirits can know more, but in case of demons will try to fool people into bad shit. Spirits of nature might be helpful or hostile, depending on their mood and your behavior. In general all of such trips are unreliable. Of course you can get in contact with angels and beings of wisdom, but that needs preparation. When native shamans or yogins in caves did that, hey were fasting and making prayers and such for weeks or months before they called to other planes. Whitout preparation you will just end up with some random spirit telling you bs.
t. never done DMT
Describing DMT without doing it but going off of what you heard is one of the most worthless wastes of effort, like i actively dislike you as a person now.
hurr durr the DMT entities are-
Yeah real nice, where'd you get those ideas, Joe rogan or an erowid story?
Lol im just kidding bro. Hey here's a question, are DMT visuals more like shrooms or acid? Oh wait dont bother answering, you have literally no idea!
Fuck you faggot!
