the male savior complex
the male nurturer complex
the male whiteknight complex
the male urge to save broken women 
the male urge to rescue damsels in distress 
what the fuck are all these fake made up ideas about moids and where do they even come from? men dont save women. if men see a woman who is vulnerable and in need of help, they abuse and rape her. they dont help or save her. men dont have a nurturing or caretaker instinct.
the male urge to rescue damsels in distress
this definitely doesn't exist. men on the titanic saved themselves, they didn't care about women or children, like is sometimes assumed.
I'unno, I'm talking to a girl at the moment who has an even more fucked over life than me and I just keep thinking about taking care of her and assuaging her worries. It does exist, just not in very anti-social men.
Good thing my dear fembot or troon as I would like to say that I only want to turn and twist women with sharp objects. You are safe with an honest guy like me.
I am literally dating a prostitute fuck you dumbass
men dont have a nurturing or caretaker instinct.
look around you 
walls , bed , comfy society with a 24/7 available police force of men to protect you from getting raped and a standing army of men to defend you from invaders.
if men didnt nuture and caretake women you'd be alone , cold and starving ma'am.
where do they even come from? men dont save women. if men see a woman who is vulnerable and in need of help, they abuse and rape her. they dont help or save her. men dont have a nurturing or caretaker instinct.
They are based off of 'warrior' class men and high status establishment types. Knights in old Europe did sometimes rescue literal damsels in distress and police officers today usually do consider it their duty to give vulnerable women extra attention vs. men involved in male-on-male violence.
if men see a woman who is vulnerable and in need of help, they abuse and rape her
not abuse, but probably rape (lovingly).
Yeah its bullshit fantasy we have to cope with, because the reality of men is garbage. Take girls with daddy issues for instance. When a girl has daddy issues, men dont desire to love and take care of her. They desire to facefuck her and treat her as a stupid sex slave because she is insecure and easily manipulated. Even the term daddy issues is sexist because it places the blame for men being shit fathers onto the child instead of him.
they abuse and rape her. they dont help or save her
WE MAKING IT OUTTA CC WITH THIS ONE
You will not be abused and raped no matter how desperately you wish to be.
men dont save women
Save women from other men. Like how govt works, rapes us with taxes and bs self serving laws and regulations but also saves us from other countries, criminals and groups attacking us.
Ideally women would be our pets that loves us like dogs but women being decently intelligent and capable makes things weird.
speaking from experience?
don't tell me you think porn is real life?
Maybe he hasn't shown his true colors yet but my current boyfriend saved me from an abusive relationship and hasn't let up the savior act. Knew him for a year before, too.
I'm not particularly desirable either, been called "horsefaced" and every variation of retarded or weird.
They're out there for us, just rare like any good partner.
When it comes to normie girls yes but with femcels holy shit no they rape you
men dont have a nurturing or caretaker instinct.
I raised my three younger siblings, I volunteer at a dog shelter, I take care of a variety of farm animals on my property.
Maybe men just don't want to nurture you specifically so you inflate that personal grievance to an issue that spans an entire gender.
Men are less vain than women, so we care less about showing it outwardly
Can I get a quick rundown? I cant imagine a male sticking around long enough to help a woman get out of a bad relationship at all. Lucky you found a good moid I guess.
the womoid couch potato complex
the womoid weekly bathing complex
the womoid traveling complex
I just want a cute fat girl who's nervous and sweet so I can help her manage her weight, tell her to put down that unhealthy drink and get some water instead, cook her meals and cuddle her all day.
If your complaints were true instead of faggot men being simp niggers for foids and putting pussy on a pedestal, the world would be a better place. If anything, foids are worse since they take out their anger on children and babies. You deserve all of the abuse and more.
men dont have a nurturing or caretaker instinct.
I definitely do but I generally reserve it for animals. Women tend to take and take until you're completely spent. With that said, I'd probably still help a woman if she was in genuine danger. But I'm not trying to save a woman from herself, that's an exercise in futility more often than not.
20, college, 22 year old bf of 2 years
he could be temperamental and misogynistic sometimes but I knew him for 7 years
knew all his family, went on vacation with him
we sign a lease, adopt a cat, talk about marriage and kids
things take a turn for the worse
daily, hour+ arguments, severe migraines but only when I'm at his house
I loved him so I just dealt with it for a while
eventually began pleading with him that he was hurting me
he would schedule therapy appointments and then not show up
hits walls, desk, pounds a dent into his car
always says he "wishes he could hit people"
wtf
starts calling me increasingly worse insults
I never insult him
never lets me hang out with friends
at this point I'm not dumb, ik things won't change, but I'm also scared of him and the legal commitment I made with the lease
depression
expecting to deal with it until the lease is up
too much of a pussy to tell anyone anything
see theatre play with male friend, bought tickets a while ago so bf let me go
friend is so nice, so sweet, just a good guy to talk to
start autisticly insinuating I'm in an abusive relationship and don't know what to do
he figures it out
gives me really good advice, helps me plan my escape
grows my confidence
start reconnecting with friends, family, catching them up
he's supportive 100% of the way
break up with ex
figure out legal tidings with the lease
everything looking up
realize I've had a crush on the guy that helped me
feel terrible, feel like a whore
think he could never like a retard like me
hang out more and more
really, really like talking with him
flirting?? can't tell
too scared to make a move
kisses me while we watch a movie
euphoria
he gets nervous
asks "I'm not taking advantage of you, am I?"
butterflies
"no, I really like this... I didn't think you liked me"
admits he liked me this whole time
become bf gf
I really like him :) I hope you find someone nice too anon
why are we still assigning traits to entire groups of people . i have a more nurturing side than a lot of women i know
For what I see in most males, i would say that 1/7 of guys would take advantage on a vulnerable girl, 1/7 would help her and 5/7 would ignore her. But of course the "advantage" has a better chance to reach her. Also, i don't think most men can tell if a girl is vulnerable, so I guess the chances of getting a bad deal for femoids are high. Also, you have to be more specific on what "taking advantage" means, cus men don't see sex in the same way as femoids, rape for females may not look like rape for males in a lot of situations.
Is it the same person making all these "moid" threads? Fucking annoying desu
I steer away from anyone that needs "saving".
It's a good idea anon
I once did that whole "saving thing"
I loved a girl probably the most that anybody ever did, by her own admission.
Even years after we were split up she would still talk about how she owes me so much and how what I did for her was the real thing that triggered her getting her life into a better place and workign on truly being happy
She's a whore
I hope she dies in a fire and her last thoughts are of me 
Recently she told me that I could talk to her about anything and that she'd always be there to listen
Then she told me basically that she doesn't care about my problems and that I need to talk to somebody else
I fucking hate her so much.
I hope her death is from falling into molten steel
tell imaginary bf about bad things that happened to me
he takes off imaginary glasses and cries 
he collapses on my body 
holds and kisses me for a long time in the dark embrace of the night
I don't know if you're a man or a woman, but why do people make posts like this? It's like you're trying to torture me with my fantasies. It's kinda hurtful, honestly.
girl. why is it hurtful anon
Because these are my dreams. Not that I want my (hypothetical) girlfriend to be in pain, now or ever, but because I want her to feel comfortable enough to tell me anything and everything, and trust that I'd still hold her after.
Men have two moods regarding women: Wife or hole.
Of course they don't actually want to help holes, because usually helping someone take and indefinite amount of time and they just want to fuck. So, if they are dark tried (which you love), they may do as if they were helping you for a little while just to fuck you. 
But if they actually want to be your partner, then they don't care if something requires an indefinite amount of time, and they may honestly try to help you. As shrimple as that. 
Now, if you offer yourself as a hole (aka, friend with benefits), they will treat you as a hole. They will treat you as a hole. How do you offer yourself as a hole? With "dating apps" (something meant for hook ups), going for someone obviously above your league, or being sexy/kinky or whatever. Also, even if you try to be perceived as a partner, a dark triad guy may use you as a whole.
If you honestly want someone to save you. Go to someone who is actually alone and looking for a partner, then you can initiate an honest relationship and he can try to "save you" if he has that kind of personality. He will put a lot of energy because she uses you for not being alone and having a future, rather than just fucking. These kind of guys are usually introverted and are on the uglier side. Also they don't approach. So of course you will not be interested in them (you are a usual woman and therefore chadsexual).
Those men exist, and they are destroyed by women.
The only time a woman has said anything resembling real affection to me i.e. "i love you" it was as a joke so they could laugh at me.
It has happened multiple times and i was still open and nice and always trying to help until it kept happening and then i started getting older and im realizing that my time is passing and i have been cheated by society out of having young love or meaningful relationships.
So no, im not going to save anyone or care for anyone.
In all of my darkest hours i reached out into the void and felt nothing, i was alone.
I have no care left to give because care is a glass that when emptied must be refilled and i ran out a long time ago with nobody there to refill.
I refuse women that are stranger to me, so if none of the ones i already know will take me, im gonna die alone at this point.
R9k, a board of endless baiting and psyops. Even worse than /pol/
This is not true.
You are projecting the fact your uncle molested you, you survivorfag
