Ahh another morning another cuppa. Just sitting here slowly sipping my cup of java while browsing and shitposting. The mere smell is intoxicatingly wonderful. It saddens me that you don't have time to enjoy your breakfast wagie, rushing to jump into your clothes and throw down some fast food down your throat out into the damp morning. Hurry hurry wagie! YOU WOKE UP 5 MINUTES TOO LATE! HURRY HURRY!!! Oh don't worry wagie, i was just messing with you, you are just on time as usual. Another day another dollar eh? 
I think i'll spend my day with a quick dip in the cold sea at the lake and then spend the day researching my next baking project.
I'm doing the same thing because I woke up earlier and finished my work for the day in an hour. No neetdom necessary
Do you work from home? Sounds cozy.
Good morning, OP, I hope you are well, it sounds so. Seeing your post inspired me to brew my own cuppa, it's being made right now. I look forward to another long day of music-listening, anime-watching, and I may go out for a cruise. It's a nice rain outside, perfect for sitting and enjoying the serenity with a nice cup of coffee. 
Oh, look, there goes wagie! It seems he forgot to zip up his pants! Haha, he must be in quite the rush.
A cruise on your bike?
What have you accomplished in life? Are your parents proud of you?
I wake up about 2 hours before I have to go wageslave specifically so I can enjoy my morning and not feel rushed. It's quite nice. Glad you are enjoying your cuppa! 
I just bought a Switch and TotK preorder with my wageslave money. Tonight I shall order pizza and will get very high while I finish the current Zelda game I am playing emulated on my $2500 PC. Then I'm gonna replay Skyward Sword HD. On Sunday, I'm gonna go on a bike ride before my dad comes to pick me up so we can go fishing.
Life can be good sometimes bros. What are you guys gonna be doing this weekend?
Dare I say based and unequivocally NEETpilled my fellow NEET, feeling so fucking comfy that my $1900 monthly neetbux check came in AND I received two separate checks worth $320 and all it took was doing fuck all. I fucking love being NEET
I might actually vomit. There is so much work to do, not enough time to do it, nobody to rely on, and I will have to come in tomorrow. 
The center cannot hold.
Is it possible to learn this power?
Ergot
Yeah its great, unless I have a meeting attend I can start whenever I want and finish whenever I actually get my work done instead of staying until 5
2 hours before having to wageslave sounds like a great idea desu. I can't fathom how people want to sleep till the last second and rush it all
