megalolz edition
Rough sex with Ruth
Lmao
only posting here if lovely lads r here tonight x
Why did he do this. The genuine, absolute mad man
Welsh people are all pedophiles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6-7gjgVg7E [Embed]
whatever happens happens x
get in there my leeedsd I love angela lad and I love lollers and I love cmbyname lad they are all lovely souls and im happy to be alive whilst they are :)
BreceI vs Si, supporting Si
return of the motherfucking KING
I'm afraid of heart attack/death from my obesity
Meghan Markle is pretty hot desu
obvious bait ladgo for a run and eat salads
cheer sx
When she lampshaded her shitty mood/manic episode again she was saying something to the effect of "Maybe i need to take a walk or have some sex"
So yeah, there's a 70%+ chance she's going to cheat on me with some random chad in her cunt behind me back i fink 
I hope she's not stupid enough to openly tell me this, that would be the red line. I'm not going to become a literal cuck for her bipolar shit lmao
Also, the "sexual risk-taking behaviour" fits in perfectly with her letting herself get shagged on the first date by me too (without condor no less)
Ah yes fucking great
If she's on BPD meds without telling me then that explains her fertility issues too i guess
It's all starting to lowkey cum together now innit
Just ordered a webab wrap if that's alright with you de lids. Me "mate" is whining because I refuse to go out tonight. Staying womfy me, fuck them.
Didn't you have fast food last night as well? Womfy way to live
Yes. And I'll be ordering a wizza tomorrow night too. It all on for free x
That's just the same apu as the last one you posted, but worse.
Fink i'll be crashing in front of the wellyshire for a wee bit soonish
It great x
secured the bag de lads time to party
God fuck the King. I hate England. Bow down to Islam.
If he wants (You)s so badly he should really try talking shit about Nigella Lawson or something, should've learned by now that none of us really care much about the royals. Americans always treat is as some kind of gotcha.
we only worship wampson and seagull lad these daus
Secured that webab de lids. Time to get womfy.
Love the royals me
Don't understand the republican lot. May as well just apply to join the US if we become a republic
You should go out with your mates tomorrow, have some drinks, maybe get a bag, destroy some relationships by confusing your crushing misery and loneliness for homesexuality. What's the worst that could happen?
Was going to start an new film, but will save it for tomorrow as my eyes are quite bleary.
Very slow threadingtons recently lids, what's going on?
everybody is out shagging
Was shagging my hand but my dick hurts too much now
Webab has been necked coooooor it wovely. Garn watch some Weavis and Wutthead wepisodes now.
Wing of the will is much better imho
I genuinely respect Ian Watkins. I think what he did was fair play
Is this the new thread then?
Told them I'm stopping in and sticking to me guns. Garn make a wuppa now and relax in front of this tele. Will watch some ASMR in beddingtons later x
That is a damned nice L!
Brits. I have an honest question for you: how do you put up with all the insane shit your government does to you?
I thought Biden was bad, but whenever I'm having a bad day I just take a look at what's happening across the pond to realize that my life could be way, way fucking worse. Honestly. How do you put up with it? 
I've seen some of the most insane, dystopian shit come out of the UK. Hands down. And I never hear about any resistance to any of it. wtf if going on over there?
Sure is lid. Something about L signs from ASMR Goddesses just hit differently.
what like
Yeah I got a good one yesterday from this cute Asian ASMR girl who has a small channel. It's a great combo!
presume he means online safety bill
They're ruled by arrogant royals. What else did you expect other than an authoritarian shithole?
It's difficult to impregnate women these days, but it can be done
can you give me a rundown on the bill
gov website just looks like 3000 words of unenforceable waffle
lmao. Unless they go full great Chinese firewall nothing will change
Lmao wtf. There is no escape from Goddess Gibi.
Post it please de lid. I shared my L signs.
Didn't take a screenshot unfortunately as it was just before I went to sleep but it was her channel:
She calls herself 'Empress' as well which intrigued me...
the vagueness is an issue, they can push anything through courts and set precedent. same with the posturing about end to end encryption
So this is how you put up with it,
Ignorance is bliss I guess. And so is comfort, and death. 
Hope everything gets better of there, got my hands full here so all I can do is watch
Timestamp? I ain't watching all that de lid.
The government couldn't afford the .txt document that bill was drafted on. It'll pass but nobody will be hired to sift through literal billions of webpages, they will offshore it to some Indian office who will ban Facebook twice a day and some tory donor suddenly gets a new yacht
Nothing changes.
Monk mode on a Friday night. It womfy x
Well, I hope one day we realize this is literally a life or death situation for all European people and time is running out. 
For now though, popcorn! Cheers. We're all in this together
Lads should I start muay thai as a hikineet? Whats it like are they gonna beat me for being socially awkward?
If you were in a car park one day, and accidentally reversed into someones car, then quickly drove off in the heat of the moment, you'd be panicking for weeks. Constantly worrying about CCTV, thinking if anyone saw your numberplate, anxious waiting for an NIP or the police to come knocking.
If you accidentally hit and killed a cyclist on a remote country lane, the gravity of the situation would be so extreme, your brain wouldn't process it and you wouldn't have a care in the world
SEAIDE SUPDATE
https://youtu.be/r4eqY2bzxkI [Embed]
SEASIDE UPDATE
We all coming on strong. We fresh start tomorrow lovely cash injection it all coming up Seaside. Only the best for are Mark Jersey milk all the way all the waaaay and when he means Jersery milk is Lush he means it's fucking Lush&lt; Owaaargh 300 pound cash injection fresh cash injection all the way 60 quid for two meals. He a bit lushty. It's the fucking lovely and that's alright with you lads?
wuensche dir alles gute, gerauschspacker
What are people doing for king chuckles cora?
Watched six wepisodes of the new Weavis and Wutthead season. Have to say, I thought it was pretty funny. Garn beddingtons now.
he not allowed to buy eggs then?
Garn for a pissington. bladderington full
In that beddingtons now. Garn watch some YouTubes.
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
I'm tired of pretending British "food" is anything besides disgusting rancid slop gulped down by the masses. YOU are disgusting.
Why do fat women think its appropriate to get their tits out on tinder with heavy cleavage and a caked up makeup look and they think thatll get them a good boyfriend
delete tinder, spend a full year hard dieting. Same applies to fat men. These people are addicts
Goddess Jen is so beautiful and smart x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CtuHYwvSL8 [Embed]
Don't fucking sexualise a beautiful, innocent 18yo girl like her. It doesn't sit right with me.
Bet she's had a banger of a night tonight. All power to her.
laurel dreams of gigachad
yup she's not ever going to work a real job. just gets to live life on easy mode.
watching blazing saddles with a ham and pringles butty after multiple tinnies, max comfy
Oh Christians you dumb fucking bastards look at Israel, I couldnt be more livid.
You fucking fucks call yourself anything. Palestine didnt vote to leave Britain. 
Christianity better haul ass and ally with satanism and learn to evolve or were all DEAD.
Love is all too aware the only god is love and that love is TRUE.
The only motive is love, as what the devil wants.
You fuckers willing to walk into hell in WW1 and WW2 eh?!
You fucking ever ask a Brit about wanting truer society and truer community and truer progress and truer love and truly thriving
Repent to germany QUICK
Repent to tomboy Dixie Satan QUCK
I reckon them "incels" should go out and have a shag go out on the town hit the clubs mate you're not "celibate" if you pull a bird
Always thrive unconditionally!
Rhodesia soul is god!
God is a Rhodesian girl!
Beg a Rhodesian girl for forgiveness and repent to her eternal!
Have churches to RHODESIAN-ADULT-LOLI-IANITY.
Every love is almighty.
Also support the French Revolution! They incinerated blackrock!
What stands must we do for IMMORTALITY
Woke up weirdly early probably because of all that vodka i drank yesterday
You will age badly matey.
Why are they obsessed with serial killers? So fucking weird!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHzrB-uZV_4 [Embed]
she's dating a black man also.
Ahhh much better! Now for some anime
arent you a bit old for comics?
watching cowboy bebop mate rather good
The netflix live action series is far superior
way more beer and way more sun please
Don't like seeing contrarian takes on my computer screen this early in the morning
anal in the ass with amer hussain
never heard of him lad
have you ever seen the news night webm?
don't watch webms
amer is now bald
Fockin ell proper good sleepinghamshire this was
Even had the granner featuran inna senshual dream sequence heh
Not too shabby at all
just did a sloppy shittingshirew
Am almost lowkey reluctant to open the clientnibba now 
Always the same low effort bipolar bullshit i'm being hit with by my bitch
It cannot be helped though
Only garbage being played on the airwaves too now
Always love when dat 'appens me
Who /online government petitions/ here?
nobody cares about turd world politics, get back in your swamp you fat mirelurk
Got over 100,000 votes
You damage the Pakistani community more than any EDL activist could ever hope to
so just bradford and rochdale care it seems
The netflix live action adaptation of deathnote was better than the animu
saturday morning de lads. no trekkie brekkie for me, trying to watch what I eat as I got too fat tbqh.
whats everyones plan for today? cleaning house and washing clothes for me.
could you imagine if this brown blob actually went to Pakistan? kek
Wacky paki
I like Sweet Tooth
In 7 weeks he becomes a 32 year old kissless virgin, in a community where wives are handed out on a plate
who are you? what's your story?
Moni couldn't get a single /you/ in /brit/
I'm Rishi's right hand woman
watching it alway suni in ohiladefliaw
Will there ever be a radio with the old gang? I liked it when it was /britfeel/ers, the D&amp;D episode was good fun to listen to.
Possibly tonight
spam mong you are utterly deranged.
*oh yeah's*
so no then
/britfeel/ radio TONIGHT at 6pm or 7pm, maybe earlier
Why won't the bipolar-paranoid wall-hitting gold-digger gf just take her fucking meds? 
It'd make things so much easier for the relationshit really
you should take your meds mong and stop wasting your life posting made up shit here
I over did it last night, got a takeaway with enough to leave a nice meal for dinner, and ate most of it last night.
I plan on playing minecraft, and might watch a film later.
She's ""thanked me for my patience"" like almost a dozen times now too, that's the kicker here.
Like, that's about all she does. "Thanking me" and then promptly proceeding to write some bullshit evasive low-effort one-liner responses that aren't even really saying anything of substance 
It's fucking bizarre, and i truly don't know what her endgame is here with this shit she keeps pulling (if there even is one)
Essentially told her now to finally stop projecting all her shit on to me ("hurr you must be hiding something from me, but i still won't be elaborating the actual thought process behind my irrational paranoia"), come clean and get herself checked out at a shrink for her unstable moods and nervous breakdowns if she hasn't done so already. 
Otherwise the whole thing is pretty much fucking pointless since it always runs in these same predictable (and frankly tiring) bullshit vicious cycles with her bipolar ass
can you see this reply you sad cunt?
I am serious gigachad right now
Do you, too, run an illegal clinic
you are a massive gay mong so get in
Garn cop a late brekkieham now me
Proper good this
woman scared of the mentally ill schizo keeps him at a distance while frightened to break up with him because who knows what the mentally ill fuck up will do so she tries get him to break up with her
how far away from you does she live?
maybe the distance is too much for her.
Saw Phoebe waller bridger yesterday
just shot a massive load it was great
Reckon it's worth it for a 2:30 start at the crucible, or would they need you to turn up early
73136028
Because that would cause hyperprolactinemia induced infertility
who is this? tell me now, and give me more pictures
No way you have tickets, I'm supporting the Belgian
God I wish I was born in Britain.
Sometimes I just go on google maps and look at how scenic everything is. Why do u fags complain about everything so much? Everytime i go on these threads you just post porn or seasidemark
Is this legit?
https://www.twickets.live/event/1649071924707332096
you got to be fucking mental lad, the UK is unadulterated shit
you get your arm chopped off for wearing a nice watch in london and if they catch the robber he gets 2 days in prison for the crime
the UK is maximum fucked, even more fucked than most other european shitholes
full blown anarcho-tyranny, anarcho because the criminals can rape and murder as much as they want but if you defend yourself with a towel after someone breaks into your home and rapes your unborn daughter through the pussy of your wife with a red-hot bar of metal youll be jailed for life and have your feet cut off
https://jchristopherarrison.bandcamp.com/track/the-rake-of-the-rakener
what is more boring to watch, snooker or golf?
It's full to the brim and the people are rude, selfish, and unkind. The weather sucks, and the cities are absolutely grim. The countryside looks nice but is a theme park for tourists and is expensive as hell. At least in places like the US or Romania, the countryside is pure and authentic, and people are genuine there. Wanting to move to the UK now is like wanting to move to Rome in 500AD.
Resale site, do not trust
Very low IQ mong boy
really hyped for britfeel radio tonight
smelly brown boy, do not trust
agreed the UK is dying so get in
That's retatded, it's the opposite. Tourists go to the city so they can go shopping, get drunk and do other city shit
Only 7% of this country's land area is considered urban, buiilt-on-land. The idea that the remaining 93% is a tourist hotspot is really stupid.
that is retarded 
wept
Big up my boy AY
wonder who the guests are tonight on britfeel radio
heading out for some fresh air 
thinking about being a group of girls toilet slave
Any seasideMARK updates my leeedz?
I know this is probably a pisstake, but it's true for me. I miss /britfeel/ radio and am so excited to hear from the regular guests again
8%
https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/environmentalaccounts/bulletins/uknaturalcapital/urbanaccounts
Alright mate how can I help
I personally got a lot from SeaSideMark's economics lecture on the significance of propping up local business instead of funding already lucrative and influential corporations who would use those funds to monopolize the industry.
Sign your earnings over to me I need it more than that stuck up bitch
Hope Ruth is having a great weekend. Miss her.
She is under 5ft right? the thought of getting ballbusted by such a petite qt makes me hhhnnnngggg
because the people in these threads enjoy being miserable
just saw an asian with huge tits
I can only shoot my loser juice once ive sent and sacrificed for molly 
Cheers
Too many big words m8 give it to me in layman's terms
vile women desu
her weekend would be much better if she spent it with you
Do I need to watch Picard S 1 and 2 or can I just enjoy season 3 stand alone? X
just saw a bloke that looked EXACTLY like ssm
imagine being their toilet having to drink all their piss and then they funnel their toxic waste into you like a little sludge machine slave 
wow.
disgusting, the lot of them
any of you lads have any experience with fibre heroes?
I would be a real life live in slave for molly 
forget family and being a human I want to be her slave.
What does sex with a fat girl feel like?
Got the chance to shag one next week
think of the smell 
like stale cheese and rub rash
No you're supposed to say something to make me feel bad.
I liked it when you said you bought bacon from Curtis'
It depends, why are they fat? A few fat women are alright to shag, but some have a lot of other issues. The sort of woman who ends up fat tends to be the sort of woman who is grossly unattractive in other ways
100 percent a lot of fat birds now are fucking gay
DEAL!
*Shakes your hand before you know what's going on*
I'll give you some mdma if you clean my house for me.
I want to have a lot of foot dust inhaled in my nose it drives me crazy
shagged a fat bird last night and it was horrific.
shagged a fat bird last night and just laid there like a dead fish expecting me to do all the work the smell alone was enough to put me off and constantly having to move her fat rolls and leg rolls out the way so I can get inside
Was it footlad's fat sister
I miss Tottenham negress desu, deleted her number but it was over 30 days ago so I don't think there's any way of getting it back
mate im not kidding you I made her weight herself the other day and the obese cunt is 23 stone.
completely delusional she is and also an awful person.
just read a plot summary for s1 and s2. 
s1 is okish s2 is shit
right on mate I will just watch season 3 then 
cheers x
Corr 23 stone 
Would love to feel all her weight on my face desu
shes balding and carries it awfully 
trust me as someone who has enjoyed kitty piggy and mochi baby for some fat fun she is so grim lad.
Footlad is the only sound lad left in britfeel
It sad
There wasn't a single post on /r9k/ for almost a minute
We can sort that after you've cleaned, now though, CHOP CHOP.
Including yourself?
Hmmm?
2 anons mr frog poster
post numbers are forum wide
it dying slowly
Can any fat women carry their weight well?
Ah yes, I R an idiot.
Sorry about that.
Bog standard cheese and onion omelette for luncheon, is on the menu for today.
Hmm today I shall go to Whitby
Funking goths REEEEEEEEEEEEE
Thanks for stealing my pic rel communist faggot
Are you still gay for tranners?
Life is suffering
Dude I have sex women you know real women lmao
Theres a really attractive girl at work with a massive arse but shes full of tattoos and wears extremely revealing clothing like seethrough trousers with a thong on.
End your life big man
I just want a harem of trans girls to watch anime and build gunpla with
Is that too much to ask?
Woman at work is huge yet has no tits. Now that's unlucky!
Thought the thumbnail was a tranny shagging SSM
I really enjoy naps
corrrr
have you perfected the sneaky peak with out anyone noticing? 
Dangerous game, especially when you zone out thinking about all the wonderful things you could do to that arse
I sneak a look. I imagine she does it for attention anyway so its not like she's going to be mad. I'm not a complete freak and think I'm within her scope of wanting me to look
Start leaving things she needs on the lowest shelf possible lad
not a big fan of the word "arse", lads
disgusting word, innit
lets just say ass from now on like the burgers
'ass' is so cringe
Tuppence is much more acceptable
HE IN SWANAGE DRINKING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpHLNf00Lns [Embed]
'sex ass stuck in Calais' doesn't have the same ring to it
Making use of his annual train pass
Good lad
Big fat bloke by the seaside
Sounds like something 1 of them gays would say.
You got a beard?
Some cute lasses here 
Some cuter older ladies
Absolute cringe when Mark talks to everybody passing by his video stream
Whilst you're sat in your boxroom moaning
Sad!
Im on my tablet in Monaco. I'm a tall thin bloke by the seaside (Mediterranean)
Really can't be fucked to do anything today, want the missus to fuck off already to visit her family so I can get stoned and played vidya. This in turn makes me feel pathetic, but what can ya do eh. Drugs. I can do drugs.
Imagine being a lesbian and getting '''''married'''', christ almighty
have a duck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owZiOi3KD58 [Embed]
Post by and of me HHL in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England on 12 July 2027
hope all my sound lads are all smiling and happy 
Im watching the ladies rugby 
All those muscly aggressive sweaty buff women who need to blow off steam after the match by using me cooor
ever reckon your missus will dump you soon for being a drug addict loser like? 
What does she see in you?
sucks to get past 30 and have no one in your life.
I wish she was back in my life and making ASMR videos again. If only that mong hadn't split us up.
the womans rugby locker room is a bad place to be for a small tiny loser who licks sweaty girl armpits and feet
Aggressive little immigrant.
https://youtu.be/e_bKYi2iKAQ [Embed]
Mong
https://youtu.be/F92nTlDQxBY?t=493 [Embed]
god I need the women rugby teams to make me their piss slave FFS.
Imagine the smell corrr
Heaven for a smellfag like me
Das foosbol, as the Gemans say.
I make lots of money and I'm fun to be around
Fucking hell. Yes guns kill people. How tf does he not think before he speaks?
Sure you are mate yeah you make loads of dosh and you are the life of the party I agree.
At least I've got my babe laurel. She'll never let me down. She wants to make it big in asmr.
Bottom left is nubs
What does London Audits get up to when he's not auditing?
He runs a shady company that provides the government with cheap PPE.
Who audits the auditors?
look lads I just want the England female rugby team to all be drunk and sweaty and wrestling me around all naked and small in their changing room inhaling their scents
you never take a day off do you?
I think he lives at home with his mum and is unemployed.
*casts the no u spell*
this is my first time clicking on this thread since c. 2017 when my life was at its lowest
it used to be full of tory hall monitor types now it's all trannies and porn addicts
This still trips me out. I find it difficult to wrap my head around it to this day
you seem upset mate
thats showbusiness .
no i hate tories
Haha, you're a tranny and or a porn addict.
Has she gone, are you stoned, what you playing?
Minecraft time
A busy day for spam mong
god imagine scarjos sexy sweaty feet in those shoes working out fuck me the smell
Don't know why someone would just go on the internet and tell lies. Seems like a very strange thing to do.
Nah she's just getting ready now, probably nip to the corner shop for some beers first, load up the pipe and play some bioshock. That's the plan of action.
obvs not making this up is he 
he has a gf and makes loads of money and does drugs jesus just cause your so fucking gay doe snot mean he is
blog on brother
You ok little lad? Not having one of your meltdowns are you?
i like bioshock lad
Just love him so much lads. Whoever introduced us to SeasideMark is a hero. What a fucking experience. He's older and wiser than most of the NEET's here. He's an ancient wise NEET and I hope I get top rate PIP like him one day
It's a lovely. 
Cheers xxxxxxxx
is this a london thing or are all big cities around the world like this? i was gonna try and move somewhere with more zoomers but if this is everywhere i'll just stay here
i tried to talk to some very nice zoomer ladies outside this pub the other day but i was very sweaty due to coming out from a punk gig on the other side of the road and didn't want to miss the last band so yeah we didn't get with them this time
bit on the nose this spam mong
Get in derre seaside soldier
1k Camera for him my lads if that's alright with you?
SEASIDE CAMERUPDATE
https://youtu.be/isAGy61pZpE?t=383 [Embed]
SEASIDE CAMERUPDATE
Nice camera for him my lads. Only the best gadgets for are Mark. He a content creator. He work for Goo-Goo-Google. He making best content on Youtube. We all a little Seaside in life.
That, as they say; is a lovely. It's all a lovely. Ohhhh it's lovely isn't it de lads?
We're all coming on strong de lad. We're womfy all the way ohhhh all the way. It's all the way.
How the fuck can he afford that?
He get that TikTok money de lad
His videos go viral
If that's alright with you de leed
Top rate PIP and universal credit de lad. He living it up large and he living it up a lovely. He don't gamble so he can afford to buy the best cameras with the best batteries and he go out for dinner 4x a week, 
He got that TikTok money, he got those fan donations, he got those Youtube monies. He going out 4x longer and 4x larger. Trolls are absolutely fucking fuming de lad. SeasideMark got all the comforts in life.
ssmonomics. he's using his cost of living payment as a deposit to rent it at a loss
utterly sad
You're projecting lad. Seaside Army living it 4x larger whilst you seethe. Trolls are FUCKING FUMING. It's a lovely. x
i just got here m8 whos seaside
?
cooor those type of fluffy shoes with her sexy soft soles all in heat fucking hell
I prefer being sexually rejected and caged up whilst molly lives a fun stress free life
SSM is a professional photographer now if that's alright with you de leeds
Just done a big line of mephedrone like it's 2009. Got a pint of kronebourg on the go. We're about to live it up in here.
i have fun without drugs mate
Proper good runningtonshireham this was
Very womfy in fact
I'm having dinner aren't I? I can't believe it. Having a dinner - what a fucking experience - we all so lucky in life to have dinner. We like life a little bit larger if that's alright with you? What an experience. What a dinner and I mean this is a LUSH dinner. A pure fucking lushty and it's coming on a little bit longer.
Alright calm down 14 year old me, fuck off back to the past where you belong
Pasta coming on fucking strong. That's a lickle bit of cheese if that's alright with you de lads? A proper meal for a proper lad who's done some hard grafting.
god mate dont call that food and or a pasta dish that is SLOP.
That's a microwave meal with some added cheese
It's homemade bolognese with extra parmesan and basil if that's alright with you? Only finest butcher beef for me de lads.
Your posts are laced with envy. Fresh spaghetti coming on strong.
have self respect mate
good boy.
spam mong scared to post now haha he got a holiday warning so get in
/britfeel/ radio? Yeah, we're live in 10 mins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_czJyx6bSk [Embed]
i would quite like to cage one of you lads up and fuck your mouth to be quite desu with you
Yay
Just look for a filename that starts with IMG, that's your man.
Snappy snappy snappy all the way if that's alright with you de leed
I have no idea how it went missing. It wasn't visible, it was deep in my pocket, but somehow it's vanished. 
It was from my gran, and I really don't want to worry her by telling her the thing has gone missing. PLus I'll get the rest of my family on my case for losing it
Kys spam mong cheers
Was there anything else in the pocket?
I lost 30 pound when I foolishly put it in the same pocket as my phone, then took the phone out.
Iooks like advertising desu desu
guess what lads 
my knob is aforementioned out 
As you were
nope
just an envelope with the cheque
I'm not entirely bothered about the money desu, just don't want it being found out what happened
spam mong is so grim in the naze
Why not just say youre a bachelor. Its gay as fuck to think about how others will percieve your sexuality. Im straight and never considered getting a partner to 'be normal'. It seems normies cant live without being in a relationship and others knowing the fact.
Probably alright to just quietly let it go, your gran probably won't notice it hasn't gone out of her account, nobody can pay it in or cash it so it'll end up in the bin somewhere. Fuhgeddaboutit
Nobody could do anything with it, other than cash it for you. Would be extremely unfortunate if a member of your family found it.
Not everyone is gay like zoomers. They couldn't just say they loved cock back in the day. Most probably wouldn't admit it now.
thanks anons
I'll have a few pints and forget
I got a laptop off eBay last week and I've been looking into a multi-sim kind of deal for both my laptop and phone. Any recs? So far three seems to be the best choice, with their business plan.
I watch the Netflix shows for tweens 
Im 36
Had two nuttinghams today already
Maybe i'll do a third
Might join you lad, think a nice pint would go down a treat about now
entirely grim and strange 
I did 3
Everyone knows you're gonna be doing a 4th later stop LARPing
God damn Courtney had some work done 
face looks stretched haha
Did some magic mushrooms last night. Got a new perspective on life. Feel invigorated.
But all I've done today is clean me kitchen.
Sim for a laptop?
who is the camp homosexual sounding bloke whose house had a quran and harry potter books?
Keep the momentum going lad, cleaning the house is just the start
love R lollers and his post
You steal his mail?
When I flush after a poo I says "happy trails" like die hard on playstation.
love R Angela lad and I love R cmbynamelad &lt;3
Might order a wizza 
Bit naughty tho
For data anon, thanks for the kek anyway. Also it's a thinkpad
You may regret it. I got a takeaway last night, and regret it.
Zeus? Only oldfags remember him
Whenever you feel like your life is shit just remember there are lads that are here 7 days a week posting their routine.
it is mad when im at work right I might have a quick browse on lunch and all I see is ssm auditing and the usuals asmr drivel He genuinely is here 7 days a week and also does the same on Brit
Can you imagine the mentality it takes to do that and these lads wonder why they have no friends, why no one likes them. The give off I'm a pathetic child vibes to everyone.
Nice edit photoshop lid
I'm not the anon that is known for apu edits.
You must be retarded if you think it's all one poster.
If your life is so shit that you have to find a moment of escape by imagining people have it worse than you, your life is fucking shit. 
I have never thought "oh well, I could be someone else". Thats loser talk. My life will never get so bad that I want to escape my body like you
Aye that would be apu edit photoshop lad
Really hit a nerve eh winners?
PTTP and DJ would be my dream auditing collaboration.
Si lost the snooker. Extremely disappointed desu
God has decided I'm going to have a grim life, just have to live with that I suppose. At least its not worse
Me? On that wuppagrind tonight. Good thing I didn't go out last night as me mates ended up on the wokey. Still up drinking at 11am just as I was getting up lmao. No more doing me wollocks in, need to get more priorities in order so I'm doing alright there de lids. Garn order a wizza tonight and get womfy. Life's better without the wrugs x
You're such a dull little cunt lad. Can't wait for you to die.
Shutin on /britfeel/ radio 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_czJyx6bSk [Embed]
Me? Saving all me wooze for tomorrow
guy that got the guy fired for indian accent just sounds jealous he had a chance with the polish girl and he didn't, not gunna listen to anymore, sounds like a cunt.
Change your ways, filth.
My drone arrived today
Will be doing my first audit tomorrow
It's against my beliefs to work.
I'm not a religious man de lad
You won't
Utter wollocks
You will never become an auditor
helperturd post offtrip all day 
SAD!
You don't have to be de lad, Sunday is a day of rest and worship. Be that to yourself, to your liege lord, or to your God.
Heading out de lids. cant be stuck in the house for a full day.
I want a dental innovation to happen where we just eat something and it goes around our teeth clenaing them
I want dawn french to suffocate me with her massive arse
Probably not garn drink until next weekend now. Cutting it right down me.
She's lost loads of weight ever since Lenny Henry left her.
I've been trying to cut down the wooze for years de lid
There will never be a fresh start
Not with that attitude de lid. You have to stay positive in life. There's always someone worse off than you x
That's not positive at all. You're trying to enable your poor behaviour by using other people as a scapegoat. Its classic depression addict behaviour and with that mindset you wont change.
Hot gay sex with mousenonce
Baking a new one btw
Fast as the wind, the invasion has begun
Shaking the ground with the force of thousand guns
First in the line of fire
First into hostile land
Tanks leading the way
Leading the way
Charging the lines with the force of a furious storm
Fast as the lighting phantoms swarm
Two hundred miles at nightfall
Taken within a day
Thus earning their name
Earning the fame
They are the panzer elite, born to compete, never retreat (ghost division)
Living or dead, always ahead, fed by your dread
Always ahead, as the blitzkrieg rages on
Breaking morale with the the sound of blazing guns
First in the line of fire
First into hostile land
Tanks leading the way
Leading the way
Leaving a trail of destruction to a foreign land (waging war with conviction)
Massive assault made to serve the Nazi plan (Wehrmacht's pride, ghost division)
Communication's broken
Phantom's are far away
Thus earning their name
Earning the fame
They are the panzer elite, born to compete, never retreat (ghost division)
Living or dead, always ahead, fed by your dread
There's a metric SHITTON of SEA wahminoids i've been matching with again
Swear to fuck if the bipolar paranoid gold-digging wall-hitting gf trashes the relationshit i'll go for one of these instead
At least these SEA women appreciate the BWC rather than sabotating it
sockjob
I'm unworthy of such an honour. Fortunately my mouth and tongue is always available for cleaning.
Based, what have you got in mind
big gay African men
Been to Africa once, didn't enjoy it
Was it because of all the big gays?
I've also been to London and wouldn't recommend it.
Unironically it was because of the Africans.
Also I got food poisoning the day I was leaving, had a horrid flight and then shat myself when I got home
23 hour thread. Remember when britfeel was bouncing on the weekends.
Britfeel is dying waheeeey. Let's all have a party now that Britfeel is fucking dead waheeeey!!!!
Just us idiots left waving as everyone leaves.
Ask me how I know you're retarded.
You don't need to be asked. Anyone can take one look at me and know that I am a retard. One look is all you will need, trust me. Go ahead and look. Go for it. It's just us two on the thread right now.
I shouldn't have been mean. I am also retard.
Sorry.
It really is just the two of us in the thread right now, we should be nice to each other. What would you like to discuss?
I can't really hold a conversation. I'm fairly low IQ, calling myself a retard wasn't fair, I'm actually a pleb.
Well then I guess we'll just let britfeel die then. Good riddance.
Just bought meself a few new t shirts if that's alright with you de lids. Better than giving it to the wookies and wokey wealers.
gay retards get in thereeee
Couldn't hear anyone on the radio earlier.
Why did you stand up and bellow 'I'm Poley' in a crowded pub
Literally no-one cares 
Not us, not your spastic football team, not your ugly mother, no-one
In my mind int/brit/ and brit/pol/ will absolutely survive until the very last day of 4chan, whenever that might be. /britfeel/ however really has a realistic chance of dying before then, it's still in the balance though. We may suddenly get a wave of new blood in 2023/2024 that keeps it going forever. We already had FBR as a new addition for 2022
This with a vile Mackem accent 
What a catch....
such a shite general
Alright there's been enough britfeel slander for one thread. Any one of you fucker's want to take this outside then let's fucking go for it de lads.
Can't say there is anyone who has ever riled me up so much that I'd mock their mum on /britfeel/ desu.
It's been an honour to have been a part of the last ever /britfeel/ thread.
chronic dehydration yet again, i keep trying and i feel failing
Snooker anyone?
Won't be watching the final. I supported Si and he lost
was so happy seeing the bug get squashed
/britfeel/ will become a thread that lasts 5 or more days, 10 posters but the bulk of the posts will be by 4 posters posting their gimmicks and trying to rile each other up.
Ordered a chicken tikka wizza if that's alright with you de lids. So I'm doing alright there de lids.
Thursday we had the longest thread ever, at almost 32 hours.
the namefag's desperately trying to keep the thread alive is genuinely one of the most pathetic things I've ever seen
who?
don't ever reply to me again
YouTube/Google down for anyone else?
working alri for me lid
Based HHL keeping things womfy. Fuck the wagies.
Helper, it's pathetic that you reply to yourself. Cut it out, go and find a nice cock to suck.
Would love for HHL to sort his life out desu, can't see it happening, but we can hope
Have you bought a house yet sasquatch
/helpfeel/
Do you think they fell off the back of a truck lads?
I have no friends, and very little social life in general outside of 4chan
Being pestered for sex again, made an excuse that I'm out with friends watching the snooker (I'm not even watching it at home
Seven years later and I still have dreams about secondary school.
Seven years later and those kids still have dreams about being molested by poley
xD
Don't ever mock me again. This is the last britfeel thread so let's be as civil as possible until it dies.
watching midnight diner with my snorlax plush desu desu
Wow you really waited 14 whole minutes before you posted that shit. Try again.
If this is our last chance, i would just like to admit to pic related
/britfeel/'s last thread - I was here.
Anyone got that pic of Amers head on a turd?
Necking this wizza and watching some Family Guy. Pretty womfy rn ngl de lids.
I'm set to inherit 17 million pounds in a few weeks. I know that logically there is no reason everything won't run as smoothly as I'm predicating, but as it stands I'm still as penny pinching as ever. Until it's in the bank I won't comprehend it being real. Do get tempted to by a new car I've seen, but can't bring myself to do it until the money is in the bank
shut the fuck up you fucking faggot
heh!
Shall be crashing into beddingham soon
Quite the strong 'eadache going on even though it's calmed down somewhat again
Ruth loves it when big willies hit her cervix.
Just remembered I had a wank over her once when I was like 15. Don't know why, but I did.
/what'sup?feel/
I've had eight pints tonight...All in memory of /britfeel/...God rest ye almighty sould...Goodbye to everyone I will see you on /pol/ or /int/ but /r9k/ is all but dead and buried at this point...Gooodbye!!!
See you in the morning fren.
