Can't believe I'm 19 now, and 20 in a year. It feels like my youth was just wasted. Haven't had friends for 1.5 years either and even when I did they weren't that close to me. Never had a girlfriend either. Never did anything fun during my supposed "best years of my life". It is what it is I guess.
I can be your friend, anon. How was your day?
I'm in the exact same boat, do you have a discord anon?
I woke up not so long ago, but it's nothing special so far, you?
I do, you can give me your username if you want to
Not too bad. Tried out the new RE4 remake. It has been pretty good so far.
Malikcxz#7781
Sounds cool, heard mixed reviews on it but I've never played any resident evil games
I'm 20 and haven't had friends in 4 years. But I'd say I'm happy. I thought I wasted the "best years of my life" too, but it's honestly a perspective thing. If you're like me, you spent it alone watching anime, reading manga, and playing vidya. And honestly? I had fun doing that. I still have fun doing that. So I'm tired of pretending I "wasted" it. And yeah, I was lonely during it, but that can also be interpreted as a positive, because my worst years of loneliness are behind me. I'm now used to it and I'll never feel depressed about being lonely ever again, it's just the norm now. So it's honestly not all bad.
Don't be depressed, friend. Just focus on what makes you happy. If your hobbies have stopped making you happy, do some research on how to cure brain fog or whatever and do your best. It'll only get better. WAGMI!
You're still in your youth, retard. You're going to be 25 one day btw and you'll want to kill yourself for wasting your early 20s as well because you thought your life was already over by fucking 19 kek
Yeah, this was my first time playing a RE game. The game actually more storyline based than other horror games, which I like.
lol come back when you're 30, your just a late bloomer retard
this lil niggha is 100% a grooomer. be careful op
wait until you're 30 and your youth actually was wasted.
each year that passes with you having thought it was already over you'll realize just how much time you used to have.
I cant believe I share this board with children
pack ur bags lil bro
the shift is being handed over
no cap
let me guess your a faggot troon who will kys anyway at 25. ok cool story zoomzoom maybe next time dont cut ur dick off because of a fetish.
same anon, i just turned 19 today and feels weird. i wasted most of this year just playing osrs and being a neet
This, I'm turning 25 this year, except I have since accepted my status as a human failure and refrain from being hard on my past self. It was always going to end up this way, one way or another.
bro, i was like you, now i'm 23 and i am in the exact same place as i was 4 years ago.
i feel you. its my 20th birthday today. my classmates are clebrating handing in their graduation projects yesterday and im just here left thinking.
but its going to be ok. things evolve all the time and the bullshit about "best years of your life" is just that. you can enjoy life at any age when youre ready and when its comes to it. just dont go about feeling limited in life. its going to get better.
I'm well into my mid 20s, older anons are right when they say it only gets worse. If you don't address your problems, the only thing that changes is you get older. The single best thing I ever did for myself for taking on an improover attitude. I don't mean in a cringe, 'workout bro' way either, though that can be part of it. I mean holistically, and primarily in terms of mindset, personality etc. 
Many anons here cope and say their looks are the problem, and that may be true, but the real blackpill of r9k is that most robots' main problem is their personality and/or complete lack of social skills. That's why autism is an even more pungent pussy repellant than even an ugly face or being short
Well, I am trying to improve but seeing all these people with tons of childhood friends and stuff, and knowing people my age will have start having kids in a couple years, it really makes me feel like time was wasted.
i'm >>73125157
trying to improve
good. lets all keep at it
makes me feel like time was wasted
everyone has their own timeline and pace don't judge yourself by others.
taking on an improover attitude
this.
holistically, and primarily in terms of mindset, personality etc.
this.
if people want to have a good experience in the world theyll have to actually make the others around them feel good. be interesting or fun to be around. autism doesnt mean youre fucked but the often found lack of self awareness does.
Having fun isn't hard. Here you have an objective, a handwork, an oportunity to get some Sun, maybe having some fun and - nowadays is improbable - meet someone.
Forget about technology for just one day. It's the main reason for socialization issues.
these are rookie numbers in this bracket
The amount of zoomers who do nothing all day and post here is scary, with that number increasing as years go by.
At least you anons are not alone in this.
Speak for yourself buddy. You know absolutely nothing about me other than I'm friendless.
What I mean is you are not alone in this situation - many friendless anons here are too.
Yeah that is true I suppose
i'm 21 and i haven't talked with a person outside my family for over 2 years, i don't think is too late for me to stop being a neet/hikikomori but im really terrified of the outside world, you still have plenty of time anon.
fucking go back to kindergarten you baby
Look into clubs at a college near you. You dont even have to be enrolled. If you like off-roading, or think it sounds interesting goto a meeting they have. Learn more about off-roading. Meet people interested in off-roading. Go off-roading with some people and find out if you like them. Maybe you will find another thing you have in common and you can go to an arcade after youre done doing off-roading things. Replace off-roading with anything.
You just might be depressed anon. Those are not real problems
Haven't had friends for 1.5 years either and even when I did they weren't that close to me
So? You can get new friends regardless of age anyway
Never had a girlfriend either. 
Same with this. You can get a girlfriend at any age
Start doing fun things now then? 
Also "best" is entirely subjective. People who pretend that there is some certain age range which is "best" is just full of copium
just not the one you want
You actually have to try for that unfortunately
my life just started and it's already over.
More like; not the 10/10 dream girl that you imagine. But that's because there is no such person on this earth. 
Best thing you can do is to just stop thinking about girlfriends entirely because it's only causing you anxiety right now anyway. Then one day you'll stumble on someone who you sort of like and that person will sort of like you back. Then you start building a relationship from there. Eventually if everything works out you will love each other. But even that person won't be a 10/10 no matter how much you love each other.
this except I was 19 in 2010
not much has changed since then though there was some pretty gnarly periods of substance abuse
haha. lol.
Yeah that's how it works for practically every person on earth. Don't think you're that special, because you're not
