What is your personal 10/10, anon? Post her
cancer inducing cringe
I like women with strong features
don't judge me originally
I'm quite partial to threemilk
gay
also gay but a little better
5
3
1
out of 10 desu ngl nigga
Post yours, then. There's no way OP's is just a 5 the rest are averageish.
I don't have any good examples of women I find attractive, I'm just rating based off of how attractive I find these women. Normally I just jerk off to whatever random face is in porn and forget about women until I need to jack off again.
last time i posted them i got beat up
this. i would kill for a girl like this
so she's adopted or what
based insanely sexy cosplayer
She was a literal 10/10 with a perfect body and amazing sense of humor...... please come back to me B
projection
My personal 10/10 was a girl I knew irl and she got fat so I guess my 10 doesn't exist anymore.
Good genetic blend and nice features I like her too but making the TikTok is le cringe and this video format was invented by Asianfishers who wanted to pretend they were at least Hapas
Jenna Ortega is my waifu.
She is a 10/10 to me especially in her Wednesday costume.
I can't post her because then you'd be able to reverse image search it and find her social media, nice try
my succubus, i love her
This by a country mile
Laser, dawg
What the fuck is with zoomers and moving images with no audio?
what the fuck is with boomers and not knowing how a webm in r9k works
the femanon reading this &lt;3 :3
original message
when it comes to face, its korean girls
when it comes to personality, i think it would be an autistic virgin girl who is vegan. and i dont think asians care about animal ethics ever, so it would have to be a white girl's personality
when it comes to body, busty white girls
I'd consider her 10/10 pretty, but I probably wouldn't want someone like her, unless I could be assured she really liked me and wanted to be with me.
Laser but that video is heavily edited with "smoothness" , honestly I can't stand the current trend of everyone editing their videos and blasting themselves with light
11/10 would breed 7 foot viking chads
I like women that cannot exist apparently
Yes, I'm a degenerate who wants a crazy alt girl to come ruin my life
Very based
This bitch has a yeast infection, ewwww
High five, I like men that cannot exist
This girl right here. She's my top priority
For me, it's a lightskinned black girl with big floofy hair 
Give me something similar to this and I won't need anything else to live
If we're only talking about looks i like all kinds of women, a lot of it comes down to specifics such as proportions and stuff
Pic rel is a 10/10 for me
I can't post her but she is of my Indian ethnicity. Ofcourse she doens't care if I exist or not doe.
Fat slut
saw this pic the other day and it made me feel kinda feral for a second
Chubby girls are cute and i just want to squishy cuddles into them
