explain to men what we like in them
"nooo, I know better what you like, listen here (description of generic chad jock)"
Why are moids like this?
You are not this attractive, Becky
Why are moids like this?
Because we ran online experiments using chad jocks and they got 1000x more positive female attention than average men.
tinder is all women
Why are moids like this? Most of us never use these apps.
Actions speak louder than words, and your actions suggest you like said generic chad jocks.
Because they want to stay in their easily understandable bubble instead of realizing that reality is nuanced and that maybe they are part of the problem. What kind of guy do you like op
Its more than a good sample size. Simple fact is if more of you did use apps, you would go for the same type of men.
If I were on tinder I'd swipe right on all the short balding chubby guys, not the hot ones lol
your onion matters less than picrel because she has better genes. no one knows if you're not a whore because no one bothers to care.
men only want Stacey.
yep now fuck off this board
I know its unrelated but that is a really funny photo, post more like it if you got it
what you do > what you say
No but tinder is most women.
lie
someone corrects you
get mad
why are women like this?
I will if you answer ym question, have to give a little to get a little femanon
Whats your question, the one with the meme is just an answer
Also not a femanon lol
Why are moids like this?
Because we see quite well who gets to actually fuck you. 
Your virtue-signaling social ideal isn't what we give any damn about
Because exceptions don't break the rule. Also what you like and what you're attracted to are very different things
virtue signaling is not explaining
men growing up will say only boys are allowed to have crushes and then get mad when girls don't like their avatar
gets envious of a drawing
"how dare guys get pissed about my fangirling actor #324? So insecuuuure"
My experience has been that toilets don't give a shit about me as a person. 
Toilet finds me repulsive:
you play the guitar? that's cringe 
Toilet finds me attractive:
you play the guitar? wow that's cool
Conclusion: toilets only "care" about you when they find you good looking. Yes, I agree that you don't have to be the generic chad to be considered good looking, but you still have to be facially attractive in some way.
Woman fuck Chad
She tries to pretend to herself she's still virtuous
Chad doesn't need to lie to himself
