Any Ivy League school anons 
MIT
Graduated from one of the cheapest public universities in my state
Have a successful career in medicine
Will be getting my masters in the next few years
What are the benefits of being going to a "prestigious" university besides making nepotistic connections with other Yankees?
One of my classmates got into there. Another went to Harvard. I wish I wasn't so autistic and antisocial but congrats to you!
better quality teachers 
around smart people 
the lowest common denominator is probably the best at some normal level school 
research
Is being good at school dependent on genetics or hard work?
And isnt being hard worker dependent on your genes . So everything we have is a roll of dice and I shouldnt feel sad about being a loser
Well you have to be smart.
I'm smarter than my mom but she's a much harder worker and became a nurse. Meanwhile I can barely do a semester without burning out. 
Factors like ADHD play a huge role
For me stuff just comes easily . I never had to study through out highschool or my college classes . Ill skim the chapter and read some of lecture slides few minutes before exam and immediately get it . The most I ever studied was 3 hours and that was for my differential geometry class in my junior year of high school . It freaks me out as well anon but my brain just does it . I dont have hard work ethic or been tutored by anyone. I can learn pretty much anything with in a few hours . 
I wonder if MIT will push me to my limits
depends on the field. i go to one of the bottom tier med schools in usa. i'll still be a doctor and get paid. if i was in law or finance though things would be much less certain for me and really would have wanted high tier school
I probably have ADHD and procrastinate on getting help. I just booked an appointment with my psychiatrist again, hopefully I can get meds to succeed in college. I lack motivation or drive to pursue something for a long duration of time
what do u wish from life anon and do you ever have thoughts that are so profound and incomprehensible that it'd drive normal people like me to suicide/insanity. What do smart people think
Nigga got inbuilt AI thst thinks for him. While we are running on 1 gb of ram hes got 32 gb ram with 10 fold processing power
I'm 99th percentile (tested by school) and I feel so inadequate. There are millions of people like me. I am not good enough to go to these schools.
Why do u feel inadequate anon ?
Have u had sex yet
No I grew up with untreated ADHD and was unable to finish college as I didn't develop any study skills. I have no idea how to be a student in a traditional setting. My parents are so disappointed that all those special classes I got place into were just extra stress for me and not preparation for my future.
I see people my age going off to schools like Harvard and I barely scraped by community college this semester. It feels worse when they are in my graduating class.
Why not get adhd meds ? Or. Therapy or college help
R u in highschool? And dont compare anon cause no matter how good you are there will be some one better. Just focus on yourself
The most important part about Ivy Leagues is netowrking AKA nepotism.
i dont think MIT is like that though, it's more merit based
I went to an Ivy League for undergrad, got my PhD at an Ivy League equivalent (stanford/mit/chicago/etc), and now am a professor at an Ivy League equivalent. Life is great.
good job bro. being a prof sounds miserable to me, but that must have been hard work and i'm glad you are happy
