You won't date ugly or fat femanons like me. So why in the fuck would you expect femanons to simp for you? I'm a lesbian, so personally I don't care. But you aught to learn your fucking place unironically. Why would anyone put up with a moid who has bad hygiene and a shitty attitude and a garbage personality if he can't even be fucked to look decent enough?
I like how you tried to sneak ugly in there. Nice try but we all know you are just a disgusting lard. Stop trying to lump yourself in with actual victims(ugly people).
Fuck off moid, you're a subhuman and your opinion on the matter is invalid.
Didn't read your post, but reminder I'm your friend and I will forcefully rehabilitate your image of men
Men will always be scum to me. The only reason men EVER pretend to be nice is to get you to lower your guard so they can abuse you.
I will abuse you with kindness, the mental confusion you will feel will be my special abuse since I am sick. I am sorry I have to do this to you femanon
Thank fuck I am a lesbian holy shit. Men are actual psychos.
tfw no fat femanon to tie to the radiator so she can't eat
no fat femanon to force to exercise until her legs no longer work
no fat femanon exhausted from working out to lick and kiss and fuck every inch of
no fat femanon to cuddle to sleep, telling her how good a job she did that day, how proud of her I am
Why even live without that?
LOOK AT THIS FUCKING POST. Men actually get mad at me all the time saying "How could you be a lesbian!?"
And then you read shit like this from men who want to kidnap women and starve them to death for their own sick pleasure. Fucking disgusting, this is why I hate men.
Hey, I only want to do it if she agrees to it, like a form of extreme domination. Her enthusiasm to improve herself would be my fuel.
Reminder that I would platonically cuddle you until you felt safe in my arms
give fat girl a chance
leaves because she "deserves better"
fucks around for a while but nobody "better" ever comitted
wants to get back together - denied
is now a vocal lesbo - single 
Thank god I rather die alone
Typical female level of introspection and self awareness, cringe
