Think about that mean name that you ware called when you were a kid.
Now breathe.
done, now what
originiri
gaylord was funny and we should bring it back
Have children and bring back Gaylord as a middle name.
Stop shaming Gaylords!
I was called The Meteorite by the other kids because i was fat.
OK. Did you breathe?
I don't even remember what it was though.
I actually got over it when I was a teen, in a kinda good way.
I won't be able to fully translate it to English, but it was like "fady"(as in fatty), no one knew my actual name, i was just the shot fat guy. 
But as I grew older, bigger, stronger, more respected, less bullied and lost weight. It changed organically to "fado", wich was weird, but it's not "something small" and has no direct sound correlation to fat.
Not a great victory, but it helped me a lot.
Is it possible that your mind broke from childhood trauma?
No I think I just got over it. Eventually you just learn to not get upset by name calling. Elementary school was hell but high school went pretty well for me, most people liked me and everyone in school knew me by my nickname. We'd do stuff like skip class and go to the store to buy snacks and then we would play D&amp;D in the radio room.
I was called a loser, bitch, freak, slave and faggot. All by Stacy tier girls I jerk off to the memory of.
Really? "Elementary school was hell" and you don't even remember it?
Tell me about your childhood.
When I was 4 my parents sent me off to kindergarten, I hated it because people would make fun of me for being fat, so eventually I would just start the day by coming in and immediately beating someone up who made fun of me, eventually I became friends with the bullies there, I was the big fat kid who beats people up for the bully that you see in movies. The worst thing I did was when me and this bully rich kid Levi "conquered" the sand pit and this gypsy kid refused to get out of it, we held him down and ripped his earrings out.
I was the first child so my parents knew nothing about raising kids, so they sent me to the school that belonged to our district(ghetto school) and it was hell. Despite being in the ghetto it was more of a rich people school and if your parents didn't donate to the school even the teachers would bully you. I switched schools after a year, the worst part of elementary school was that I people would keep groping my mantits, I really hated it. I would also get into screaming matches with people who made fun of me which just egged them on. At 12 I was already the size of a grown man so when I had enough I just started retaliating to people who physically bullied me in the most violent way I could think of, for example I shoved a guys head into a urinal and flushed it on his head after he kept groping me. When I got into high school I mellowed out a lot, plus I went to an IT focused school and most people were just chill nerds.
I remember being really embarrassed of being fat and poor, I think most of the bullying was bad because I already hated myself so their words hurt more then they should.
