Question about the fags and incel shooters
Why shoot random nobodys? Why not shoot celebrities or politicians or billionaires? Going to die anyways so go big? Are they just emotional retards?
Good question I always thought if I wanted to kill myself I would try and kill the president or something. I think the obvious answer is that either these people are just lazy and have zero creativity and just copy people who came before them or they were brainwashed by glowies to shoot up schools.
Soft targets. That's what hardening schools means and is about. They'd rather kill kids than fail to kill anybody because they were trying to get a harder kill
The feds groom them to shoot easy targets. They actually stop them when they go to target business and elites. 
Maybe if someone was truly a lone actor they could do it, but most shooters now have a long discord record of talking with "former" fbi staff
Because society and normies are le bad and deserve my vengeance it's definitely NOT because I have glowniggers in my ear telling me to shoot children DO NOT INVESTIGATE
Also fucking leave newfag. We're full
the feds did it!
I don't believe this schizobabble one bit.
You can ignore the evidence of it. I can lead a retard to water, but I'm not gonna spoon feed it to you.
What evidence?
but I'm not gonna spoon feed it to you.
Oh so theres no evidence you're just schizo babbling ok.
Even the racist Buffalo and Charleston shooters were too cowarddly to target young black males. They decided to go after elderly black people instead.
Nearly all shootings and terrorist attacks are government organised and funded
Not the most impossible thing to happen. In that article, legally the FBI followed procedure, but you could argue that the guy could never have done all that on his own without the FBI helping him.
https://theintercept.com/2015/03/16/howthefbicreatedaterrorist/
lol i like that expression im stealing it
shoot celebrities or politicians or billionaires
Tell us more about that, Mr Anon ...
Why shoot random nobodys? Why not shoot celebrities or politicians or billionaires?
Wow, calm down big guy. When are you planning on shooting these people?
I saw a theory that pic related was molested while at that school, which would make some sense since she is a tranny. Sadly they are emotional retards, which is why they kill random people
Plenty sure incels feel resentment towards people like them making it because in their hearts they can't fathom that they failed while their equals or even "inferior" people succeeded. They kind of know that they are below celebs and polticians so they don't shoot them because they dont unsettle them. Incels are weak cucks.
the draw mohammed day shooter in texas a few years was groomed by feds
Weapons would probably be banned by now if incels actually did their planned Minecraft playthroughs and streamed them. There have been plenty of times when a few rather significant mods/admins of my Minecraft server have gathered together all at once and I wondered what would happen if a creeper suddenly blew up next to them.
