why dont incels just lower their standards and settle for 4/10 nerdy girls?
I will settle for any girl that isn't over weight
She is chad only.
Nice try, man
They want chad too, nigger
That woman is not a 4/10
Damn she fine
Girls like that had the highest body counts in my high school. The stereotypical jock guys we all over them
That space no longer exists. Look at whats happening with Letty on fish tank. Tons of simps making her famous and assuring her a lucrative steaming career after.
is she really 4/10? cute face and great body, that ain't 4/10
Lemonkey face
9-10/10's get married to Chad's
6-8/10's are cucking their boyfriends on onlyfans 
3-5/10's are partyinf and getting fucked by Chad's 
1-2/10's are feminazi cat moms
There's rarely a chance to fuck a chick. I'll take anything without std's personally. I have low standards
She is s a better set of glasses away from a solid couple of point upgrade (t. glasses fetishist) but the main thing she needs to do is shave her fucking arms jesus christ
Thats not a 4. Thats a butterface. Butterface are a 5 minimum
Those girls do not want us. Modern women are spoiled bitches with high standards
i'm not trying to cuck/cheat.
what is the brainfeel behind this? i lost a boyfriend because of it.
There was a girl like this who probably would have fucked me but I'm stupid and I don't want sex I want a warrior woman to rule the world with me
If that's a 4/10 then my gf is 0/10
the following is 100% the truth, with zero fabrication
today, in bed, i dreamt about loving a fat ugly girl. i dreamt she was a virgin and i got an arranged marriage
in the dream, also in real life, i just cried. i cried in my fantasy. i just kept crying and i just kept calling her ugly. she was repulsive. in my dream i dreamt of several scenarios. one was i took the torah and literally smacked the rabbi in the head with it and lunged at his neck and choked him at hard as i could, screaming i dont want to get married. i was beatned for this, but i was screaming at him the whole time
another scenario i married her, but i just cried for weeks looking at her ugly face, calling her ugly, and just lamenting and laying down. she ran her mouth a bit, and i slapped her till she couldnt walk, made her apologize, and went back to being depressed in bed. only time i laughed is when i was making fun of her face
aesthetics exists for a reason, and beauty exists for a reason. i cant love a ugly girl. i dont care. ill take dying alone, and im the most shallow person in existence. thats okay
can you imagine if everyone just looked repulsive and ugly? what a horrible world this would be no man would have love
if i cant get a beautiful virgin girl like this, then ill just cope
I can't have any girl on any scale, I can't talk to them!!
4/10 female wants a 6/10 man at the very least
Unironically find a tranny, and you can even get a wife, trannies are male socialized so they aren't as entitled and narcissistic, they have a brain and are loyal. You just have to talk to them and be their friend and they'll love you unconditionally, and since most of them are absolute subs you can have the best sex, my gf (male) cleans in the morning before I wake up so when I do wake up I can just grape her anyway I want , she'll even pretend she doesn't want it so she can have her grape fantasies fulfilled, though sometimes she just wakes me up fucking my dick. Legit I thought trannies were all actual ogre looking libtard, but they can be hot as fuck minus the dick, I mean she's fine with me not touching it ever and I get tight ass everyday, plus her small dick is less gross looking than fucking beef curtains. Even if I could get a girl I like to look at I don't think I could ever look back, I'll just get my gf the best pussy money can afford since she's mine forever, 20k is nothing compared to how much you need to spend on women that'll just inevitably betray your ass.
rather die, tbqh
didnt read your tanny pushing post
call me when the singularity can make you beautiful and give you a real vagina
Cause even these girls want 10/10 chad
Cool bro, have fun being sad and lonely fucking your hand everyday.
No, they're riddled with std's and I don't want shit on my dick
Nerdy girls deserve chad, incel
this is not 4/10 retard you dumbasses see glasses on a girl lightyears out of your league and think "fine i lowered my standards when do i get a girl??"
have fun looking into the face of some fag ugly used up whore who cannot love you or pairbond with you, and is only there with you because a pathetic loser incel like you is the best she can get. imagine being that desperate for any drop of pussy
Nah she is average and her brain is her best asset. her bum is pressed against the door giving her thickness and leg definition that isnt actually there. shes also probably gained weight since this photo was taken. her kids are probably applying to college
That's a guy in image doe.
Also I have no standards besides be a girl, alive, and 21+. Still a 34 year old virgin. Granted I haven't even gone out in pukc socially since I was 27, just work and stores . Do use the dating apps, even had a perma free okcupid premium since I was 22 thanks to some random worker but they fixed that a few years ago
exactly what im talking about you guys are so susceptible. u see glasses and computer parts and assume she is a computer genius nerd you can fuck and watch anime with she would never stoop to your level
I've never gotten shit on mine, and everyone is potentially riddled with STDs, why would you have sex with someone without having them do a full std test?
Haha keep projecting bro, I didn't even know she was a tranny until the dick reveal, and she makes me fucking happy, life's good what else could I ask for
lol youre braindead anon, go to sleep. two girls ive been on a date with or hugged fit this petite mousy girl profile. wouldve married them if i didnt fuck it up, theyre the top tier jewish girls.
you are absolutely delusional if you seriously think this chicks face is a 8/10 or 9/10. you are drunk and high on goofballs if you think sorority stacies are out there posing naked with motherboards and wearing carpet salesman glasses and wearing their hair like a hippie
They're still chad only.
yikes. you live your life, but im not about it
Lmao how insecure do you need to be to keep trying like this, you're so funny lil bro
thats okay. live your life, if you are happy, go for it. im just not about fucking trannies. im sure some are very pretty and sex. im not about it. dont push that shit on me
Okay that's cool live your life however you want, my bad for my first reply to you, hope you can find a nice girl bro
I'm pretty sure most do/would. It's just if they ain't under 25 they are not getting a shot at those girls. 
There is some truth to this, as the hot girls understand their value and will be far more picky who gets to plow them, while potato face bean sprouts let the whole football team rail them as a means to cope with their sub optimal appearance. Same with the fatties to, they would let a hot skull fuck their eye holes so they could feel desired.
The grapes. They are so sour this season
I'm not gay. Just going off my experiences in HS as well as what my dorm buddies stories were too. Seemed like the hotter the girl was the more she guard her hole while the ones that were funny shaped/unusual appearance/fatttt would just let anything pretty fuck them.
Didn't say you were, big guy. Is something on your mind?
There is which is the fact I'm not following where the sour grapes are that was being mentioned. It's why I assume you were calling me gay/though I was a girl.
Lol the fuck?
Just go to Asian and find a chubby one with huge tits. 
Straight non faggot men don't have the option of dating a man in a dress.
She is at least a 6. The reasons are:
Only bad thing is she needs to shave her arms but that is easy fixed. 
She would only be interested in dating a 7+ man
Because she wants chad you retarded cock guzzling ass gaped faggot. How many times do we have to tell you you fucking cumbrained moron?
you can still settle for her and date. even men want chad but they settle for a lot worse.
Interesting how some women drop out of dating because they're a 3 and Chad won't touch them. They'd rather die alone than date a man who isn't a male model.
I'd date any girl who looked like that. Im a fit, reasonably attractive guy, and only a bit autistic, yet no 4/10s are lining up to date me. Should be a bit of a tell
they don't really have any other options. nobody will ever want them.
You're coping and you're a fag.
Yeah, go thru years of uni and unpaid internships to settle for chads sloppy thousands. No thank you
single men are too dumb to go to uni or internships, so that makes no sense.
This one really did hit the wall - look at the inset photo.
Wow that's an old photo... ISA cards and a college girl without tats. Man... those were the days. Yeah, way back then you actually could find a nerdy college freshman girl who looked like that and was still a virgin
Not anymore, I presume. Chicks like that want Chad now.
