Why are conservative men so fragile and insecure?
YoooOOo hooo, OP~
Because their puny minds are still wrapped up in the 5 stages of grief at the realization that white women don't want or need tiny white peckers anymore. They need thick veiny BBC to fill them up right
conservashart behavior makes a lot more sense when you realize most of their ideology is projection. for example, pedophilia is largely a right-wing pathology. see: the prevalence of pedophiles on 4chan.
The leaked ring footage makes this dude look like massive faggot. 
I've never been so fucking disappointed seeing that behavior from an supposed "ultra-conservative pundit".
Conservative guy here. I am strong
Why do we mock people for being fragile and insecure? arent we all?
Because they fell for the controlled opposition movement that is conservatism.
Out of fear that they are the next target of ridicule
can someone give me a QRD of who this man iss
A lot of Pedos are gay but nobody is allowed to bring this up
that's the nature of power
The guy from the change my mind meme.
He's wealthy and has no
Maid
Dogwalker
More than 1 car
The fuck does he even do with all the money?
not being a vapid consoomer. shocking i know.
What is this "leaked ring footage" you speak of?
Leaked footage of her having sex with a black man while Steven crowder has a cock ring around his penis and balls
They used to stand for things in the past and were actually capable of reasoned thought and discourse, but they have since outed those people as RINOs now. What's left are a bunch of reactionary contrarians who fall over themselves to suck the cock of that fat orange faggot from NYC.
He had an amazon ring camera installed on his porch, including a microphone, and it recorded him berating his now ex wife back when she was pregnant
Problem is that people, even most right-sided people, dont know the difference between "republican" and "conservative". 
Ex:
Republicans support foreign wars.
Conservatives support isolationism.
Republicans like removing big business regulations so forests are turned into parking lots.
Conservatives support nature reserves.
Your average joe blow bluecollar guy is a conservative. Its the loudmouthed business and political types that are "republicans". Those are the ones labeled "RINO" or "Neocon".
The conservatives actually have more in common with the dems than the either of them even realize.
It's a control thing. He forbids her from using the car even though he is doing nothing important and even lists unimportant things he COULD do like go to the gym or visit his friends. Then he tells her to take an Uber and I can only assume he has told her stories about women getting raped by Uber drivers or some shit so she doesn't even want to consider it.
he is homosexual
Now ex? I dont follow this guy very closely but I know the dude had 2 kids a very short time ago and you're saying they're already divorced?
The ring footage was during Covid. They recently got divorced.
And the abundance of closet homos as well
And right wingers who are caught committing illegal crimes or schemes while complaining about crime
