What's with people hating on people liking their meat Well Done? I don't think I've ever had meat that was below Medium Well. I just can't stand it if the meat I eat is too bloody in taste.
Normally I like my steaks Medium to Medium Well, but now that I know that they're going to put MRNA in the meat I'm only getting them well done from now on. If you haven't taken the Jewish Poison yet, I advise anyone else to do the same.
Is that so? I'm not too knowledgable on the topic. What would change if they did that? We're mostly getting our meat from our local butcher. Is this being enforced on them too?
"Manly men" breaking down like babies when someone likes something they don't like. I hate food elitists so much.
People like you are typically retarded.
It's not just that you like insipid overly cooked meat, it's that you tend to go like
Ykes, is that a piece of rare meaterino you're eating? don't you know that you're basically eating raw meaterino? NOOOOO you can't do that here, let me cook it some more in the microwave for you
i like medium rare but mom is exactly the same as you, so ive eaten well done often enough. well done is way to tough and is a chore to eat. i think medium rare is best
Yes, I've watched a few videos on it and the comment section seems to be filled with them. Here are some examples >>73135477
Only amerimutts eat their meat raw like the savages they are
There are hipsters for everything
Factually incorrect, rare meat is widely eaten in Europe
Not in Southern Europe.
certified anus beef
Incredibly gay
I'm from southern Europe and we do eat rare meat, you're just a faggot
Black hands typed this post.
Not where I'm from. And many people in the comment sections of those videos said that their families (who are from Southern Europe) would eat well done because anything else is considered raw.
Try walking into a restaurant in Tuscany and ask for a well done fiorentina
The cook will probably look at you as if you just insulted his mother
You wouldn't get a steak below Medium Well in Turkiye.
Ironically Turkey isn't really known for it's fine dining.
That's a lie and you know it. The Turkish kitchen is especially renowned for its meat dishes.
Not world renowned anon, nobody is flying to turkey to eat there. Not once have I heard anyone who visited talk about the food they ate. Where if they go to italy/spain/france it's something they mention at length.
Turkiye.
Well that explains it, must be a muslim thing, like washing meat before cooking it as if that does anything
Also, return Constantinople to Greece
Countless videos about the Turkish kitchen on YouTube. Most of the praise comes from Turkish food and the beautiful sights.
The most viewed videos on YouTube are Indian dance shit that doesn't mean India has the best film industry.
Not necessarily a muslim thing. And no, Istanbul has been ours for centuries.
I don't know man, many bollywood films are pretty good and better than whatever shit hollywood brings out nowadays.
bollywood
good
Now I know you are shitposting. Enjoy your overcooked gray slop Mehmet.
thinks I'm joking
Whatever. Feed your raw meat some wheat while you're at it.
It's called Constantinople and return it to Greece now 
Why the fuck are turkish losers trying to horde all the notable cities on the western Mediterranean 
Sandniggers
The ottomans did more with the city than the byzantines ever did. I agree the Hagia Sophia was better as a church though. Their werid obsession with hating religious Icons never made any sense to me, the art there used to be beautiful.
We were so nice and even let it have a greek name. We could also call it Payitaht and call it a day. They should've protected it better if they loved their beautiful city so much.
90% of turks are insecure basedboys whilst the other 10% are the psychopaths that conquered all the land 
Unironically worst balkancucks, only rivaled by macedonians
its rare for me.
le basedboys!!1!
le psychopathy!!
Source? My ass!
