If women live on easy mode, why do so many self-harm?
releases stress but u know that alr
Girls that self harm are always have the tastiest looking legs
because life is suffering regardless of your circumstances
Because they're mentally ill from having to do what men did.
Work for a living. Enjoy your quality, bitches. Ha ha ha
Because they don't. Men and women are equally oppressed, it's just that the normies at the top tier of society make it seem like it isn't that way so they both fight each other. 
That isn't to say that one or the other doesn't have an advantage the other one may not. Women generally will (for now) have a much easier time surviving. Mostly because, if they're smart, they can use the system to their advantage since they're seen as a precious commodity that can be bought and sold. They're infantalized, which can be a problem, but can also let them "climb the ladder" much easier than a man and take a passive ruling role. 
Whereas men, are generally speaking, fucked once they lose their connections (or do not have them) since they are seen as having no value and being only good for some sort of labor.
what Chad rejection does to a femoid
feels good to have control then attention
Because they're fucking stupid
/thread
it eases my headaches
i wanna kiss a girls scars
Women self harm ultimately because they have an outflow of uncontrolled feelings and have never been taught a healthy way to conceptualize and vent them out. So the only way they can get release is by exterior pain, but it does nothing. Women who post their self harm online do it for the same reason women post bad selfies and other attention grabbing shit- theyre taught to do that almost from birth. Look at the pedophilic American toddler beauty pageant phenomenon. 
Men also self harm though, and perhaps even in higher numbers than women. But this is ignored because men are not seen as valuable enough to care about. The most flagrant and public example of male self harm can be seen in the way that many men are voracious and overtly sexual. To the point of their own destruction. 
The most typical way of self harm for men is to engage in sexual activity they take no joy in, that hurts them and dehumanizes them.
This phenomenon is what produces ultimately both male victims and male rapists in the world. Confused, hurt, lonely and traumatized young men who self harm into dark corners. 
If you ask any average hypersexual man about his childhood, he's going to tell you about every single abuse he went through. But, hell talk about it normally as if it was a normal and healthy part of life. 
Women are able to say what they go through is wrong, men cannot. 
This is part of why "incel" doctrine is so alluring to young men.
What the hell is this samefag bullshit lmao
"Samefag". 
I'm not "samefagging", "samefagging" implies I'm pretending to be two different people. 
I'm not doing that, I'm responding to myself because I'm posting more. I'm not a braindead zoomer who has to have everything summarized in two sentences.
Men are constantly being subjected to some of the worst traumas imaginable. I've seen some more self helpy women who come to realize this, talking about how they start crying and wonder how their boyfriends can think this is normal. 
While women have an inordinate amount of trouble raising up in society as a *person*, they can raise up in the shadows as a valuable object. This is what allowed white females during the colonialist slave era of America, to be exceptionally cruel to black slaves. They would utilize being seen as an almost eternal, sexualized child that is "vulnerable" to their advantage. Abusing slaves and using them to climb up higher, and even at times relishing in the torture of slaves by pretending they are or were in the process of being harmed by them in some way. This phenomenon still exists today, but is more generally done to everyone since slavery has changed from how it was in the past. 
Men however, have a much more difficult time rising in society if they lack four core things; 
Connections 
Being conventionally attractive 
Social skills/charm
The ability to do labor
Comparatively a man will have an easier time rising as a "person" in culture, but will have a much more difficult time actualizing it if he doesn't have any of those four things. Simply because he is not seen as valuable. A disabled man is doomed to become homeless if he has no support system, while a disabled woman can potentially finagle her way into someone's home because of her status as a valuable object.
An autistic man will be socially isolated, whereas an autistic woman is seen as cute and quirky. A man, especially an unattractive one, has to spend his time wageslaving typically and may be in poverty forever. Whereas a woman can set up an only fans and make a cool 400k in a few days even if she's uglier than sin by conventional standards.
I don't understand why but I know every girl with cuts on her thighs has been raped
Yeah so anyway while you were gaslighting yourself into believing you are right because you are incapable of losing an argument and moving on with your life I had sex and arm wrestled a little chinese girl
It is exceedingly difficult to be a man in the modern world, especially one that is not currently seen in any culture as "attractive" physically. An ugly woman will have an awful life, but she will have resources that men do not have due to her dehumanization.
Men are set so that while it is easier to be a "person", their dehumanization unlike a woman's is total and complete. They are not even valuable as an object, and can be easily replaced by the "better" model. They have to constantly prove their worth to not only other men, but to women as well. If they don't already have "it", being a combination of all four necessities, then they are seen as worthless and ignored. 
There's not any difference in the level of oppression of men and women, it's just that everyone ignores male suffering because it is not valuable. 
This is why incel ideology is attractive to hurt young men.
life is so easy for them that they experience no challenge or obstacle and the only way they can get a thrill is by hurting themselves
for me it's childhood sexual abuse, violent home and fake friends and strangers at school bullying.
Am I only allowed one who survived all this and managed to thrive in the new world?
why do so many self-harm?
Source?
The vast majority of women don't self harm I imagine
This is like saying
If men can control themselves, why do so many of them rape women?
no one is ignoring them stop making shit up
For even more attention than they are already showered with daily.
Women are addicted to attention.
Thats why there are girls only spaces but you cant have male only spaces because a woman not being the center of attention everywhere and at all times of the day is misoginy
You had sex AND had enought time left over to arm wrestle with the girl afterwards in 7 minutes?
Damn... feel bad for her.
Hey virgin, we fucked for 3 hours and then went out to grab something to eat because I was fucking starving after fucking all morning haha
we fucked for 3 hours in 7 minutes
Hyperbolic time chamber?
dont make fun of him, indian clocks arent that sophisticated yet
Speak english stupid esl nobody can understands you lol
this isnt crystal palace you stupid whores
women cut themselves or otherwise harm themselves purely in the name of attention and cheap social gain
they get to play the victim, they get to garner all of the attention 
this will not stop until victim blaming once again becomes the norm and victimhood is stigmatised
For attention like every thing women do.
what no you can have all three
Kill yourself stupid crab in a bucket lmao
no i am too sexy to die haha
they are fucking retarded, and rewarded for it
Attention. Just because they already live on easy mode doesn't mean they don't crave even more attention like the cancerous narcissists they are.
I am glad all of that happened to you. You deserved it
no you :3
because it's cute to be mentally ill.
how many times do I have to say this?
Because their lives are so easy that the slightest inconvenience feels like Hell to them.
If you treat someone like royalty given nothing but comfort and praise and she stubs her toe she'll act like she's experienced something horrible too.
Women biologically experience higher amounts of negative emotion, especially when going through puberty. It makes sense why a teenage girl would do this, but once you're past the age of say 16-18, it's done as either a shitty coping mechanism or for attention.
Because they need attention
arm wrestled a little chinese girl
she beat you, didnt she pajeet?
Based
Kys whore u deserve to suffer for being the niggers of genders
Yes I let her win because I felt bad for sticking it in her asshole without telling her haha
I'm not sure, but a few more pics would help to make up my mind
Why the fucking legs tho
because so many women are stupid
To get attention and vent self hatred. Same reason women 'attempt suicide' much more often than men. Just because someone loudly cries for help doesn't mean they're suffering more than someone who isn't
So they can take pictures of it and post on social media for attention.
may evil things happen to you :3
here I have some answers
they want more attention from chads
they want to be edgy
Attention whoring in some cases, extreme mental illness in others like webm related
This is exactly why I am killing myself pretty soon
Remember buddy, sideways for ATTENTION. Okay?
Attention/Self Pity
