I'm kinda tired of hating on women all the time ngl
im not. Women are literally subhuman animals who should have never been given rights.
I'm not they're really making it easier.
you should be desu
get off the internet and just go outside
Ive been NEET and and look like a peice of shit and just started working at an animal shelter, everyone there is girls, and theyre all so nice to me. Being terminally online convinced me theyre actually... LE EVIL!!!! 
But literally just dont treat them like an object that exists to make babies and hype your ego like incels do and most of them will be nice to you, regardless of what you look like. Being terminally online is terrible for anyones worldview, regardless of whether youre terminally on 4chan, reddit, incel forums, twitter, or facebook
I never hate on women, I hate on the individual that happens to be mostly women
I don't hate anyone I simply can't relate to normies regardless of gender.
If I didn't have to work I would never interact with them except for necessities like food shopping.
He fell for the animal shelters meme
They're nice with you because they're severly understaffed and underfounded. I fell for it too, anon.
i didnt fall for any meme im doing it bc its the only enttry level job id actually want to do that i could find 
also i have toched grass multiple times since and women were also nicre to me in other places. being decent to people can work wonders
Not even volunteering
Waging at it
The normies treat you nice only because they're forced by social standards to. You just jumped head first into one of the deadest-end job you could find. Hope you like dogs.
im only doing it for money atm, i dont' plan on staying long
A major part why incels are not attractive is because of their hate. It actually makes people ugly when they are long time haters. The personality degenerates into a primitive state of self pity and guild blame, and the body transforms into a repulsive shape. This is the main reason why girl don't want contact with incels.
Sure autism can play a role for being permanently alone, when it reduces the ability to read social clues and body language etc, but that alone is not a reason why a woman can't love you. There are women who like shy introvert guys. But there are nearly no women who like bitter haters. And the few who do are so insane that relationships with them are a battleground.
I don't even hate women, I'm just over the stage where I tolerate the games they play. No, I'm not gonna argue with you over dumb shit, no you can't go to the club dressed like a hoe with your friends, no you don't need to be hanging with guy friends while you're in a relationship. I'm pretty nice, but I have unmoving boundries, and I will tell a girl to leave and replace her if she really just doesn't want to get on the program
They're nice to the dumb animal. Wow. They are glad you do the shit work instead of them. You don't know these girls at all anon. You just know what brief fragments of themselves they allow you to see. Women are the fucking worst. If they gave you the chance to know them, that would be obvious to you
Don't worry, they're not tired of hating you. They hate ALL non-Chad men.
I try really hard to not hate women, but they constantly validate my dogshit opinion of them
You are absolutely right about this. I am tired of being hateful and angry. I want love and peace. I want to be happy for once.
theyre all so nice to me
I bet if I was there to watch you interact with them, the condescension would be so thick I could cut it with a knife.
Some of us are so lowly that people treat us with the kind of sing-songy niceness they use when talking to literal retards. And, like retards, some of us mistake that for genuine respect. But - trust me - it's not.
In addition, when you're an adult, if you aren't around really poor people everyone treats you with a certain forced courtesy. If your experience in your youth was open bullying, this surface-level politeness can SEEM like people are "being really nice". But this also does not represent genuine respect.
I unironically love women. Come at me faggots.
I've done a lot of volunteering over the years, my colleagues were mostly boomers who I'd chat to but any time it was girls my age? They were repulsed by me and flat out refused to speak to me, looking at me like I don't deserve to breathe the same air as them
I bet if I was there to watch you interact with them, the condescension would be so thick I could cut it with a knife.
Some of us are so lowly that people treat us with the kind of sing-songy niceness they use when talking to literal retards. And, like retards, some of us mistake that for genuine respect. But - trust me - it's not.
In addition, when you're an adult, if you aren't around really poor people everyone treats you with a certain forced courtesy. If your experience in your youth was open bullying, this surface-level politeness can SEEM like people are "being really nice". But this also does not represent genuine respect.
You incels only think this because to you any woman who doesn't immediately suck your dick isn't treating you as a social equal.
The fact that people don't find you attractive doesn't mean they don't "respect" you.
if you hate women it's likely you won't make friends with any
almost all positive opinions or prejudices I have are because of my friends or people I know and like
if women only stand out to you when they're being invasively annoying then it's understandable your opinion on them worsens even more over time
Yes I understand confirmation bias and have deliberately tried to combat it in the past in my many attempts to like women. A large part, if not most of it is environmentally caused, but the average modern woman is extremely vapid and selfish. Women in 2023 are basically the equivalent of men in 1955, extremely self centered, and treat the other sex like a means to an end instead of people in their own right. Ofc you will be buried and socially ostracized for pointing this out in 2023, just like a woman would've had the same done to her in 1955 for pointing out how patriarchal everything was then
This goes for the average modern man as well. I'm a dude but I hate 95% of undercut mobile phone zoomers and balding construction site stalking mobile phone boomers. I hate brainless gymbros just as much as I hate fat reddit mod ecelebs. There's a lot of ways men can be just as vain.
A small percentage of people are really cool and the rest is retarded normies, I've not noticed any difference between women and men regarding this fact in my environment. I have noticed and seen women treat men like perverts just for asking normal everyday questions and I have seen retarded stacies and gossipgrannies hyperfocus on social media, but I've seen parallel brainlets on the male side just as often.
As a kid my teacher told me that boys are stupid and girls are weak, I've been fighting male and female sexism alike all my life, so I know that it goes both ways. But I simply don't think being genuinely stupid is a woman thing as much as it's simply a human thing.
Women never get tired of hating and exploiting non-chads.
blah blah blah
Get off your high horse you dumb whore. No guy just suddenly decides one day that he is going to hate women. It comes AFTER being rejected and being an incel for enough time. If you had a chad in primitive state of self pity and guilt blame he would easily get women happy to fix him. I hope you die in a fire you disingenuous gaslighting cunt.
Theoretically you might be correct, but in practice women in 2023 are under much, much less environmental pressure to improve themselves, introspect due to failure, or gain any real insight into the world they live in. If you compare an average woman to an average man in the west in the 21st century, from day one the woman is on ezmode relatively speaking. I'm less saying that women are inherently vapid, and more that our society coddles women so much that it's almost inevitable that they are relatively vapid. An average insight woman will be infinitely more vapid than an average insight man, same goes for 90th percentile insight etc. If not because of nature, simply because of 21st century nurture
why do you need women to fix you
I completely see why you think these things. It may be that I refuse to adapt my stereotype of a woman to their circumstances, in the hopes that their circumstances, or our circumstances as men, will change. If I make an image of a woman that has it easy in my mind, this image will stick, and eventually outlive reality, and then serve to correct reality to fit the image again, if you get me. Sorta vicious-cycle-esque.
Besides, I can't agree that women have it easier than us in all aspects. Especially in more conservative environments, like most company work, I've seen lots of women get objectified or treated as below men in skill and ability even when it was clearly not true.
A woman can open an onlyfans and make more money than I make with real work, and that might make some of them more retarded and lazy, but if I could snap my fingers and turn into a woman that simply wouldn't make me happy. I have a dream career I'm working on, and if I was a woman I would have to face so many retards who think that women belong in the kitchen and that they're not capable of understanding physics and maths that it would simply be much less enjoyable for me to be alive, and I might not even have gotten as far as I did yet, despite my rebellious and active nature.
Thanks for the discussion anon. I don't think it's good that men have so much pressure on them to "improve", or that women have less incentive to do so, either. But I'll wage the war against these injustices by leading an open mindset, not by abandoning either sex and living in half a world. I work with women and men, and most of them are both annoying, but I can think of a few that have been genuinely productive and on-par with me and we've understood eachother and helped eachother out at work without looking at either one of us disgusted or weirded out simply by our sexes. I might just be lucky, but I'm still a no kiss virgin incel loser, so it can't simply be that
I think you have a pretty idealistic mindset, and that can be good to some extent, but it can backfire by reinforcing environmental conditions which lead to vapid women. Maybe the goal should be to allow for vapid men too, but I think we're still very far from creating the stability needed for a more ideal world where suffering is not necessary to some extent to fuel progress and stability. It also seems like you work in a very male dominated world, maybe with a heavy STEM focus which usually creates pressures against social skills and awareness. In the wider society imo, there is way less sexism desu, most especially in dating etc. If anything we live in a gynocentric culture imho, even if the elite of the elite are still male
Well, our discussion has elevated from "ree men ree women" so far that we probably would need to consider major political factors at this point. After all, the gender stereotypes fueling vapid women and bitter men are definetly partly caused by greed, social media whores and "influencer" kyles and other such people normies are a huge industry and generate a ton of money. Recently my adblocker stopped working for a second, and I got an ad for a series of books that heavily capitalized on 4chan memes like "fit", "looksmaxxing", peter bateman and wojaks. These books were life guides telling you "how to become chad" and shit like that. Society might not need vanity or these artificiallly inflated differences between men and women at all, but anything with money behind it has a certain power to keep itself alive, even if it's harmful.
I understand your viewpoint to a degree I think, and yes, I'm a STEMfag, though I consider myself very socially capable. Maybe the issue is that I simply don't consider people who base their entire personality on their looks and going to parties the social elite, and instead just look at them like a sea of idiots. Maybe I just have the luxury of running into people with brains to bond with, and of living in an environment where the focus on women doesn't come out as much.
We might not have assimilated either of the other's worldviews, but I think I gained a lot of insight by this exchange, thanks. I don't think I have anything else to add, have a cool day.
same here, I wish we could all just be friends. Problem is women make it very easy to hate them with how toxic and abusive they tend to be
The more I interact with women and the more I have success with them, the more I despise them. Truly revolting creatures, fuck God for cursing me with heterosexuality.
