Here's your state-mandated gf bro
I'd rather fuck jabba than whatever the fuck that is.
I just looked at this dude's channel and this nigga ugly as shit. what a let-down.
You VILL fuck ze trans girl, und you VILL like it.
I like how so many trannies keep the incel lingo even after transitioning, essentially giving themselves away.
I'm slow. Is the idea all incels should troon out?or that nothing changes post trooning?
the niggas legit have brain damage, I really can't explain this retarded ass behaviour
If you are so lonely then just go castrate yourself and be gay lol its that simple chud! if you arent even willing to do that much then you deserve to be alone!!
The leftist solution to hypergamy is amazing.
I kind of get it. Not gonna lie it'd be cool to troon out temporarily just to see how your life changes. It's kind of like customizing your game character, but in real life. I'd try it out but I don't want to traumatize my parents and I'm scared of God's Wrath
Obviously it's not good for you though, given the tranny suicide rate and the fact that 99% of dudes who love trannies want to keep it hidden since it's shameful and gay as fuck.
Most of them either detransition, kill themselves, or marry other transcels and have incel transbian sex forever (thereby removing themselves from the gene pool)
Whats the point of transgendering though.
Everybody still knows you're a man there wont be filters irl they will call you she/her because they're trying to not end up on your suicide note but they wont treat you like a real woman.
You still wont get girls at best you might get fucked in the ass by a another faggot and get aids.
etc.
An incel's guide to transmaxxing
kek
the point is basically to wear dresses and makeup and act feminine without the guilt of feeling like a fruity degenerate faggot
wearing pink princess dresses, makeup, watching sailor moon, listening to taylor swift, all that kinda shit
but everyone sees you as exactly that
I know, but it FEELS different to me inside. that's what matters, it's a psychological thing
I'm not saying it's good but that's the whole idea of it
my feelings on trans issues is that it is retarded.
i have dated an extremely beautiful man before and attract others like so. they wear their hair long and if they want to get into face paint there's plenty of that in the scene as well as artistic expression in our private lives in the bedroom. you can dress how you want and also still be straight. consider it a male slave kink with a lil extra to it. my issue is when they join sports or just try to beat up their partners with the excuse of hiding behind the name of what it is to be a girl/woman, just plain human. like fuck off if you're ruining the gene pool.
Ok thank you for your contribution
So...... you're saying transgenderism is just a ploy to make people accept their fetish as normal even though its not? Isnt that what trans people are trying to dismiss
I watch sailor moon and listen to tailor swift and im a straight man. What is it with some people thinking you cant watch 'gay media' without being trans wtf
I don't really care about the whole trans rights activism stuff. For me it's just about feeling like a girl and doing feminine shit without being a full-blown faggot
Nigga watch it in front of your grandpa or even your dad. It's not normal. I like feminine shit too, but it's not normal. We gotta accept that
i have to act in 100% accordance with my gender's stereotypes or transition to other gender
Sounds like youre gay but you had extremely vocally homophobic parents so now youre so repressed you feel like the only way you can express yourself as gay man is to become someone else. So youre not really a trans woman youre a gay man that feels like he cant express himself unless he LARPs are a different gender.
I think this is why furries exist. Its people who are so socially repressed they need to make up a fursona and wear a costume to feel like they can express themselves.
I used to play 22 by tailor swift and dance around the house. Im 100% hetero. Listening to popular radio music by a woman doesnt make you feminine, nor does watching popular anime programs. Its called being secure in yourself. I used to wear some of my sisters clothing as a kid and play with her dolls that didnt make me gay either, my parents were pretty bad emotionally speaking but they never scolded me for stuff like that and I ended up just fine. Maybe your parents did the opposite and called you a fag and now its messed you up
Nobody will respect you as a man if you don't act like one. Not your wife nor other men. You gotta keep weird shit on the down low. That's life.
I don't believe in these LGBT identities. I follow the Romans, it's about actions. I haven't done any gay shit cuz I fear God and AIDS.
And I like actual women too.
You're on /r9k/ bud, none of us turned out fine. If you were normal you wouldn't have even heard of this place.
And like I said, I don't believe in this hetero homo identify shit. Listening to Taylor Swift and watching Sailor Moon doesn't make you lust for men, but it IS effeminate which is a bad thing if you're a red-blooded male.
So youre a homosexual but you hate the fact youre into gay stuff? Sounds like repression my man. 
I'd say your problem is less about being gay and more about how you are programmed to think youre the marlboro man.
Nobody will respect you as a man if you don't act like one
It's way more respectable than pretending to be woman.
I could save her bros
Nobody will respect you as a man if you don't act like one. Not your wife nor other men. You gotta keep weird shit on the down low. That's life.
And the solution to that is to cut your balls off,put on a wig and let other men fuck you in the ass?
Now your wife and father will respect you for liking Taylor Swift?
