Yeah nah, fuck them. I know these words from miles away.
Kind of fucked up world is this? Swore even last year they were doing full time.
Apply to work at a supermarket. Publix is good. 
Fast food has been conquered by beaners. They all speak Hispanic over there. You won't fit in.
Tried that. At least 5 chain stores. Guess what? Half of them got more spics, and the other is just picky.
There's only one final spot of employment left at a banquet place, but they told me "hey, we want you to check out how we do shit before we employ you, ight? We pay (insert decent amount here) and give you 35 hours minimum. We just want a guy to stay with us for at least 5 years."
I want this, but transportation is a bitch.
If not for that, it's a perfect job.
And I just got fired from McDonald's today.
LOL
You can't even keep a McJob????
Funny how that works.
My dumbass asks for a job and I'm basically told "go fuck yourself".
And you probably been there for years yourself and also been told "go fuck yourself".
I've also been fired as well, but not from there.
This is Biden's America.
my manager said i had 'poor attitude' she was trying to make us do positive exercises
three months but yeah lmao
I don't want to confirm political bias, but as soon as Trump got elected, I had my first ever job.
I kept that job way up until 2019, when it was already being screwy with my pay, and my boss was an alcoholic single mom instead of a majestic 4 star Michelin chef.
It was a sign COVID was on its way desu.
fuck that i'd be out too
https://youtu.be/JOkQJm_UGM4 [Embed]
Ah, you either didn't fuck her or act like she was a queen.
Exactly how I got fired.
I was calling out to HR (my biggest dumbass mistake) pointing out various shit she was going against me with.
It was a very mediocre position, they cut my hours to part time because they're the white version of Niggers, and of course I didn't get a bump in pay because I didn't kowtow hard enough.
I should've taken the payroll lady's words to heart when she said "it's a toxic place, and there is no upward mobility here".
Covid wasn't real, you schizo. No one made you get the shot.
I respect people who choose to be homeless more than wagecucks. if you wagecuck you're a pathetic subhuman in my eyes.
so much for the 'everywhere is hiring!' bullshit narrative
I watch this every day to remind myself that, yes, being NEET is better.
73130771
Pol is a few doors down.
pic aged like fine wine :^)
This is obviously a personal anecdote, but apply to your local Walmart and call the manager after 3 weeks. They're sure to have some position for you.
Out of all the mcjobs out there I would not want to work fast food. Imagine hearing that beeping noise every 5 seconds for 8 hours every day.
kek
Problem is I failed their "assessment".
I suppose I could spam new emails and do it that way until I win but really?
I bet even they don't have full time jobs since they keep closing shit down.
I'm used to it. What I don't like is taco language being used in a fucking potato factory. Hell, I can deal with black people better than spics that's how bad it is out here. All the bad ones are actually out of town invaders.
I want this, but transportation is a bitch.
I moved across town for my job. I initially had to commute for 1 hour or more. After finding an apartment close by, commute is 10 min. Being mobile is really worth it.
Ok, wtf kind of job is that? No one on earth can guarantee 5 years to single employer. Why would this employer even bother asking?
To be clear, I understand asking the 'five year question' as a means to gauge whether someone might stay around long-term, but to WANT/ASK FOR five years... that's actually laughable.
