What do you like most about living the NEET lifestyle?
not having to commute.
where can I download eroge (for free)? already know about nyaa obviously
Why 2 plates of pancakes? Why not one plate with all the pancakes?
The complete and utter lack of responsibility. I can literally spend an entire day jerking off and shitposting on 4chan, and it won't matter either way. Why be a wageslave just to fuck a girl for 30 mins a day? Even after you get home from work you'll have to talk to her about boring shit and entertain her probably. The whole deal seems awful.
I took a job to get some money to fund my NEET future, but my favorite part was the freedom. Do I want to go out somewhere? Yeah, I'm not doing anything today. Do I want to stay inside and read a book all day long? Cool, that's doable. Do I want to sleep in and get out of bed at 12pm and then browse the internet until I sleep? Also doable.
chill and stress free
I dont need no coochie or luxury but sitting on my ass whole day is getting boring. But the thought of doing something again and again while directed by some uppity little shit bothers me. I guess I will still like wandering around as a wagie over doing nothing all day.
goy food
I put the syrup on a separate plate so the cakes don't get soggy.
lack of responsibility or obligation to other people
if i fail or give up no one cares
I can be as depressed as I want without having to worry about responsibilities and shit.
Being a NEET isnt even fun. You have to block out the fact youre a failure, nobody likes you, you have nothing to live for. Eventually playing games sucks and the only thing you have left is trying to brag to others to LARP as someone whos doing well to feel like you have any sense of power and belonging left. By trying to make others jealous of your autism. I'll pass thanks.
Stop being a narcissist and just do it. I work a normie minimum wage job at the bottom of the ladder. I quickly realised most of the team leaders are bigger losers than the people they boss about. They earn pretty much the same salary but they have more work to do behind the scenes. They only take the job because it tricks them into thinking they are more successful. When they try to power play me and bully me I report them and they get into trouble. If you stand up for yourself and become a likeable person of the team and the top level managers like you, they cant do anything to you. One of my 'bosses' was giving me shit all the time trying to bully me into working more but it was making me really depressed so I spoke up about it and he stopped
Not only is this all true for the wageslave, but it is, in fact, even more true than for the NEET
Hes projecting hard, I had a great time as a NEET, but eventually getting a job was always the goal and I did dislike not earning money and contributing.
it was comforting to ignore the sea of time
you never felt like you had to do something or that the time was being wasted
but it was all an illusion. working or neeting, it both wastes time
nobody gives a shit about you as a wagie either
Fucking autistic freak.
Wagie here. Nothing makes me rage more than seeing neets complain about neeting. It's like hearing a porn star complaining about his dick being tired.
That's my life minus the sex. I can't even get alone time to jerk off to my egirls. I really fucked my life up.
