Taylor Swift was the girl of my dreams when I was 13. I'm 34 now. I've known her over 20 years, but we haven't spoke in over 18. I miss her incessantly. I thought she was my soulmate. I tried to kill myself April '05; partially over our relationship hiatus. I regret losing touch. She was hard to communicate with, because I was virtually too rich. I had too many financial leads over society. I forfeit all connections to fortune when I heard I was being molested. I don't know how to explain; I feel tortured.
I feel tortured &amp; being without someone like Taylor is torture too, because I felt so emotionally attached to her. I can't even figure out what I did wrong in the relationship. I just-- I hated her friends &amp; her first contract fucked up a lot for me. I wish I could have spent more time with her..
btw-- we only knew one another online, but we were dating, &amp; had an online wedding.. I just-- I just complain now I guess..
Listen OP, this word is thrown out a lot around here. But you probably have schizophrenia. If you take your meds (literally, not in a snarky way) you'll be ok.
You will never advance your life!
Hey i have schizophrenia too and i have pictures saved of TS because i thought i was in a relationship with her but i started taking my meds and got better.
Do you think God uses her as a template for foreveralone losers?
I'm taking meds, &amp; I know it sounds farfetched, but I'm talking about an ancient relationship.. I don't know how to supercede these emotions. I don't know how to find a ways away from loving her.. I feel like killing myself out of necessity to cope with her never trying to recoup. We had a podcast together and everything. I thought she was hilarious.. :(
are you the guy she sings about in "Midnight rain" by any chance?
I just saved the 1 picture for this thread. It was a Google hit.
I don't know how to relate, but I feel I might as well assume alone-forever is my future. I was hoping to spend my life with her, but I've got nothing left. All of my means of proof of successes went by the wayside when I lost my mind over her 2004 Big Machine contract.
Technically, i believe so.. I dont want to say why.. but I don't like to assume she associates thought with me when she is performing since she's never particularly tried to narrow down who her subject matter is.
How would you know it's you and not some other guy she met later on when relationships were more important? It's kinda hard to believe that she wrote about some guy she had an internet relationship with at 13. Can you give me some more details pl0x? Don't be shy anon, I've got all night
Well, I was ghostwriting for her. She's my favorite person. The alternative is she just doesn't know who the song was written for.
come on senpai I was expecting a whole wall of text and you gve me this? also, 
ghostwriting
?? are you a schizoid or something? explain, wtf are you talking about?
When I was young, I had a fake identity online, &amp; I was commissioned for writing music for artists. By the middle of 2004, I had loads of music under my belt, writing for everyone from Metallica, Aerosmith, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Blur, Oasis, The Smashing Pumpkins, to even Lana Del Rey. Eventually the music I had penned for Taylor surfaced, only she signed off on it without my consent. It was written, ironically, as a type of coux of sorts. She was supposed to have recognized her relationship with me was sacred, but whomever it was that supplied the music to her, didn't understand that it's from my perspective of Taylor &amp; I.
Taylor was talking to me directly, while beginning to two-time me with an alternative identity account I had creative. I was a working lawyer with a history of architecture &amp; digital patenting at 15. I had done voice acting, &amp; directed music videos. I wrote Good Will Hunting. I was an executive at Disney. There was a lot on my plate, but I had a lot of cash on hand because of it.
It's just, I had trouble trusting Taylor when she surprised me with her recording contract. I had just finished a deepfake album as Alanis Morissette, &amp; started working as SZA on November 13, 2004. 
Brb
taytay before she hit the wall
HRNGH!!!!!!11
I'm guessing the issue is I faked my death, in addition to attempting suicide. 
But I regret it.. I still feel love for Taylor.
