How is it possible that absolutely 0 trannies respond on this shit? Who the heck are they getting with? If normal women are hard mode, trying to get somewhat feminine (at least more effort than dude in a wig) trannies or gay boys is nightmare difficulty. Even "just go gay" isn't working out for me!
Fuck gays trannies niggers jews and people in general(not literally mind you), everyone's opinion is worthless, stop thinking about these useless things and do something worthwhile with your time
Anon I'm a fat, not very attractive guy and I've gotten dates with twinks and trannies on grindr and other apps.
Me. I get tons of responses on Grindr and they always compliment my cock.
Same, and I'm only slightly larger than average.
I see shit like this and want to an hero. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me and why I don't get attention. What would you guys rate yourselves out of 10? Are you all white?
if you want people to like you, try to avoid othering them.
like 4/10, Latino looks. now I have a cutie Filipina trans gf who passes really well.
I'm a 7/10 white guy with a 6x5.5 dick. I'm very tall and thin. Twinkmaxxed.
Do you seriously think I speak to anyone outside of 4chan the way I speak on 4chan? I'm very respectful in person. 4chan language is just part board culture, part non-PC laziness.
Damn. Good job. Life really isn't fair. I don't know how I'm getting less play that a 4/10 latino. How tall are you? Are you smol?
Well you're literally the kind of person femboys and trannies seem to like. Handsome, tall white guy with no fat. Since you're probably the type of person I'd be messaging, what are you attracted to? It would help me save time and stop messaging people that just aren't interested in me. Please describe in detail, it would be very useful. Thanks.
5'11'', 6 foot with shoes. My gf kinda likes chubby boys tho hehe.
don't listen to the retards. trans girls get a lot of messages on grindr, same with cute bottoms that actually shave and try to appear feminine. it used to be easier years back in like 2015. the same trans girls won't respond to your messages in 2023. it's just competition being fierce.
Trimmed or shaven pubic hair is essential. Can't tell you how many disgusting degenerates have the audacity to send me a picture of their unwashed jungle cock. No facial hair thicker than stubble too; gross. Have nice looking hair on the top too. Balding/bald or unkempt hair is an immediate no. Don't be fat in the slightest. I'm almost guaranteed to be taller than you, so if you're topping me and have 50+ pounds on me it's disgusting. Unless you're a bodybuilder or a professional athlete, no man in 2023 should weigh above 200 pounds. If you're colored, be light-skinned.
ALL trannies worth messaging on there are getting FLOODED with DMs .
I once actually got a reply back from a hot CD, he told me to go to a room in what i later discovered was a gay bathhouse. Once he gave me the address I immediately pounced at the chance but when I walked into the building there were Gay naked dudes EVERYWHERE, gay porn playing in every room,dark as fuck, and there were people fucking right in front of me. 
It .. was pure degeneracy. I connected the dots pretty fast and realized the tranny rented out a room and was getting a TRAIN rain on him pretty much the whole day via grindr. 
I actually knocked on his door and saw him naked in the meme socks and asshole spread out wide ready to get pounded like in trap manga but I was so fucking nervous I wound up just putting all my clothes back on and left. 
He wanted me to at least bust on his ass but I couldn't even get hard. 
In conclusion, any tranny that is even slightly feminine has the pick of the litter on these apps.
All reasonable requests. But what happens if a colored person is not light skinned? haha. Tell it to me straight. It's actually been very depressing the lack of responses I've received and my self esteem has plummeted. At least if I know there's 0 chance, I'll stop torturing myself and messaging people that aren't interested in me
It .. was pure degeneracy
I feel you. I'm trying to meet someone for more than just a one time thing, where I don't have to be cautious of catching some STD, but I can't even get my foot through the door.
And chances are they're escorts too, which I just nope the fuck away from
discord friends and people on /lgbt/
How the fuck are you so inept you can't get a response on GRINDR?
I WAS FUCKING MORBIDLY OBESE and I was able to get responses and talks on grindr. The PROBLEM on grindr is how sweaty and gross it is, and I realized I didn't want to fuck a stranger.
I'll deal with it if they are attractive or have a really nice cock. Otherwise it's a no. I've sucked off colored dudes before, but it's because I liked their face or loved their penis. Honestly the best rimjob I ever got was from a black guy. Dude ate my ass like it was the last plate of food on the planet.
how does ineptitude factor into not getting a response whatsoever? Who did you get responses from? Typical "suck u now" profiles or what?
How tall are you, out of curiosity?
I'm 6'3.
You need to put at least 10 seconds worth of effort to not seem like a bot, anon. That's literally it.
And I got responses from all sorts of people, it was actually really overwhelming. But I realized fast that someone who asked to see my dick 10 seconds after saying hello nice to meet you really (or just opened with it) turned me off, so I looked elsewhere.
