when is the last time you spoke to a girl (family members don't count)
for me it's been about 4 months
10 years this year
Irl? 2 years. Online, 5 months.
kerries IRL husband is a rich oldchad. the 80/20 rule is never wrong. king of queens literally didn't happen, it is science fiction, it is literally not possible. heffernan is a mobridly obese incel.
Maybe 3 or 4 hours ago. I think she wants to have sex with me.
went to the gym with a non family member woman (friend) on tuesday
Aside from Im good how are yous from cashiers, delivery drivers and dental assistants? Probably the 6th or 7th grade. I was pulled out to be home schooled in the 3rd grade and had to go back to my old public school once a year to do the big once a year supervised exam. One of the girls I used to like in the 2nd grade was messing around with her friends as we were all lined up waiting to go back into class and she asked if I thought she was cute or something. I said sure or yeah I guess or something stupid. Her and her friends giggled and that was it.
30 and neet khhv now and the fact that I remember such a pointlessly small conversation when I was 12 should tell you the extent of my interactions with women.
its been so long i cant even remember desu
kerrie
thats not her name. nor the character's name
Today, since you didn't disclude coworkers, friends, or store clerks.
If you mean as in romantically, I don't think I have for well over 10 years.
I talk to my female coworkers but they're all twice my age and married with kids. The last time I've spoken to anyone even close to being in my age group was about 4 years ago when I was still in college, and even that was only because we were forced to be in a group project together
where do you live desu ka
If you count online, then yesterday. If you only count irl, then a few months ago.
when is the last time you spoke to a girl 
2 hours ago if you count irl. Less than 3 minutes if you count text.
if you count irl.
why wouldnt that count
Three days ago, talked to a girl with the same hockey team jersey as me.
Before that it was 74 days, and before that 364.
2014
Senior year high-school
I guess you should also people like shop clerks and maybe even neighbors? I only talk to women out of politeness. I wish I didn't ever have to talk to girls. Women and girls are different, also. A woman has a child. Girls are on the prowl and absolutely feral. pic related and I trust we've all seen the webm.
NYC, not sure why it matters.
How is it possible to go months or years without talking to a woman unless you're a NEET that never goes to the doctor, the grocery store, or anywhere in public?
