one of the worst feelings is knowing that the shittiest people in the world, aka normies, chads and females, all experience love, meaningful relationships, party and have fun
Not just this OP; these are also things you will never experience
Fucks that ultimately gotta do with me or my life??? Man yall shit at making suicide fuel
and i hung out with normies doing all that for a while with them and it wasnt fulfilling and was just a drag so i chose to leave it behind. also they dont have -meaningful- relationships, they just have shallow relationships they treat like business deals and make it look meaningful. stop demoralizing yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-KWUgF6KAI [Embed]
yeah, that just makes it worse
the absolutely worst human beings get everything in life
life is not fair, and god is cruel
yea just ignore the words of someone whos experienced the normie life firsthand, just keep demoralizing yourself cus the internet said you will never be happy. have fun ig
I sincerely hope that one day I have a reason to beat a person like this severely enough to cause some kind of lasting damage and I can get away with it
In face, I hope that I get to a point where I can do it regularly
shut up you brain damaged normie. ill link scientific evidence that love and sex are the highest pleasures you can have in life, disingenuous retard
Fellow wizard here. Why are you so hyperfixated on sex??? I'm way more busy focusing on working to have sumn to eat does everything really have to be about sex in the end??
anecdotes
pic related, a study on love, proves you wrong, sex, love and intimacy are some of the highest joys and most meaningful experiences humans can have, you disengenous faggot normie
anecdotes are not justification for believing in scientific concepts, you retard
last picture i used fast for ants, so i corrected it
because PIC RELATED. sex, love and intimacy are literally the highest joys humans can experience, and to pretend they arent important is being seriously disingenuous and facetious
Humans other than yourself, thoughever
i had sex once and it wasnt that big a deal. if its not with someone who means something to you, (doesnt even have to be a SO) then it couldnt matter any less
nah man, you are cope. you are delusional. to pretend like its just fine to live and die alone, without ever experience sex, or love, or romantic intimacy, is so disengenous
the only thing that makes life worth living is sex, love, intimacy, and having children. those are the most meaningful things in life. and we have science to prove it
i think its pathetic to lie to yourself and others
I think he was just making fun of you. Do you have Asperger's, too?
i am autistic, but it doesnt matter. my mental illnesses or my character flaws dont validate or invalidate my fucking arguements. im am debating FACTUAL INFORMATION, truth. and if i feel you said some bullshit, ill correct it
Honestly I'm gonna be truthful with you, being a wizard, I've always had unrequited loves and one sided crushes so I gave up and shrugged it all off. Then I treat everything with That is this, and this is that.
my girlfriend will come over in an hour. we will go to a museum, then for a walk, then to a restaurant and then we just fuck, kiss &amp; cuddle while watching Driver (2011). maybe ill get a blowjob :>
and we have science to prove it
only half of your post was about relationships. also sorry to break it to you, i know you love to worship chad in you rented out mind, but the majority of normie relationships ive seen irl were so shallow i felt lucky i wasnt the guy. also, ugly or non-NT people find love all the time, but if you want to beleive its over then i guess it must be over.
sometimes i fele like theres a eugenics psyop at work on here and incel forums to convince non-NT people that its over long before it is, and you all are falling for it; perhaps even proving it right by giving up and accepting its over. Idk your situation, maybe it is over. But i see so many people for whom it isnt and i feel bad they fell for the meme
never had love except once from someone from rehab lol whod been thru similar things. I had to be on drugs to pretend i was enjoying my time with normies doing normie things, ive only had sex a few times and like the other anon said, it couldnt mean anything less if its not with someone you at least feel something real for.
bu8t yes the demoralization memes youve seen are ultimate truth
desu for someone who craves love, sex with someone you dont feel anything for is more of salt on the wound than just being celibate
but the majority of normie relationships ive seen irl were so shallow i felt lucky i wasnt the guy
oh yeah, for sure. a great amount of men are cuckolds who get with used up roastie hags who are incapable of pairbonding. sometimes those men live lives worse than incels
also, ugly or non-NT people find love all the time
this is actually a really pathetic arguement. autists have perhaps the highest rates of dying a virgin, especially in 2023. and jsut because 20% of them do find a relationship, doesnt mean its even necessarily desireable. autists have some of the absolute worst luck in dating, pic related, you retard
all the time
this is actually a really pathetic arguement. autists have perhaps the highest rates of dying a virgin, especially in 2023. and jsut because 20% of them do find a relationship, doesnt mean its even necessarily desireable. autists have some of the absolute worst luck in dating, pic related, you retard
then how are you not as miserable as any other incel? how do you cope?
maybe you can ascend, and for some men its reasonable to try, but a great many men on r9k are statistically going to die alone. once you are a 30+ virgin neet, your chances are bleak
I wish for the worst to happen to society.
I don't want to save this shit, I don't want to help anybody. It's far too unnatural. These problems might be far better than being mauled by a smilodone, or succumbing to starvation, or, dying from exposure, but at least that's how it's supposed to be. In those situations there's no sense of unfairness, all a person can think of is that it's what's happening to them
What we've done is too unnatural. We've removed nature from our lives almost completely and this is the new hell we have to endure, the true understanding of one's suffering.
The smarter you are, the more capable you are of focusing inwardly, the sharper it is. 
I need to get into the wilderness. I don't want to be a part of this shit anymore
I have to be better. 
I can't keep doing this if I'm not going to kill myself
what chad does since he was a teenager
the number is obviously higher than 20% but ok, even if it was 20%, youve already self declared that its over and you wont be in that 20%? thats what i was pointing out
this is actually a really pathetic arguement. autists have perhaps the highest rates of dying a virgin, especially in 2023. and jsut because 20% of them do find a relationship, doesnt mean its even necessarily desireable. autists have some of the absolute worst luck in dating, pic related, you retard
the number is obviously higher than 20% but ok, even if it was 20%, youve already self declared that its over and you wont be in that 20%? thats what i was pointing out
all the time
i didnt mean every sutist finds it all the time, but in the big picture of things, an autist goes on his first date with his future wife every minute. I realize the odds are a bit more agianst you but my point is that you shouldnt just give up bc theres a lot fo fish in the sea. have you even tried to meet anyone in the last year?
then how are you not as miserable as any other incel? how do you cope?
i am just as miserable, i just havent considered deciding its over yet and i never will
true, but i assumed you must be in your 20s at the oldest since youre still seething about how other people seem to be happier than you
if you're still here anon, i had to go on my pc just to respond to this comment and say of course you're absolutely right, you already know this but i just had to say something
sorry, i had to lay down for a while. sometimes i just get unbearable waves of pain, anxiety and depression. its hard for me to just endure it
but in the big picture of things, an autist goes on his first date with his future wife every minute
so does a lottery winner. if theres a multiverse, theres a lottery winner of a billion dollars every milisecond. but that doesnt mean anything
im 32. is that how you communicate online? you make unreasonable assumptions about people, without any good evidence, then run your mouth?
meant for this xd
so does a lottery winner. if theres a multiverse, theres a lottery winner of a billion dollars every milisecond. but that doesnt mean anything
i mentioned nothing about a multiverse, i meant, here, on earth, in our dimension and reality
ah, then i misunderstood. but on 4chan, where most people are just going to tell you to kill yourself the moment you disagree with them, id say i was still rather respectful in comparison. still though its never over til youre dead or in jail. Im only 24 yea, but ive been NEET and not had any sexual contact with anyone irl since 2019. yet eventually i realized id rather at least die knowing i tried instead of giving up and LDARing the rest of my life and found a job. I dont plan on even keeping it that long and hope to just use the money on my own projects or open an online shop, but its a start, its better than doing nothing and feeling bad for myself
maybe I spoke too soon about some stuff and made assumptions i shouldnt of, but if youre not a paraplegic or so badly disabled yo will never be abel to leave your house again, you cna still try. you can always try. theres even trucel paraplegics that make it as vidya streamers and shit
and yea, i do too. i was self medicating with benzos amphetamines and opioids for a while and that helped numb it but i went too far and basically couldnt function without fent and speed so ive had to try learning new coping mechanisms. You have every right to feel the way you do but even if it could be ultimately meaningless in the end its always better to at least try to do a little better when you can
i was self medicating with benzos amphetamines and opioids for a while and that helped numb it but i went too far and basically couldnt function without fent and speed so ive had to try learning new coping mechanisms
yeah. when i was like 19 or 20 i wanted to do that shit do bad. i really wanted to do hard drugs just to cope, but i decided against it. i dont regret my decisions. i did ritalin in the past and a lot of it at a time, and just masturbated like 8 hours in a row. weird experience. also i did mdma several times while playing csgo minigames. really lovely experience. weed i hated always, same as alcohol
not really against drugs, but i avoid hard drugs like opiates. even in the hospital after a major surgery, i rejected the doctor who recommended morphine
i think so too, simply for the illusion of getting what i dream of. i cant live my life saying its over. thats why im trying, but its not fun or easy. i have reasons to live for the future, like super intelligent ai, but everyday really is a honest to god struggle not to want to kill myself
same man, and seeing everyone around me doing what they enjoy, making it, having stable relationships, etc. then sometimes even having the audacity to ask why i do the things ive done (my brother, who makes thousands a week doing what he enjoys, has said multiple times "so why are you like this anyways why did you ever self medicate like you dont even have any problems lol" ((FUCKING GET IN A CAR WRECK AND DIE))), or look down on me for it, everyone acts like im a lost cause and its like they want it to be opver just so they can feed their ego and tell me theyre ""PRAYING FOR ME" ((FUCKING GET IN A CAR WRECK AND DIE)), it makes me want to just fucking die. the ONLY thing that keeps me from just geoing down town, and now that my opioid tolerance is gone getting enough fentanyl to kill me and shooting it all at once, is the hope i havent given up on that someday i can be happy and any of my goals can come true. The worse part really is the gaslighting i get from people with happy lives
....oh. now i understand why you made this post completely.
well, maybe everything isnt all sunshine and roses for them, but people who never had to deal with what i have and who never had to legitimately consider suicide.
(FUCKING GET IN A CAR WRECK AND DIE
honestly, i wish this more than you. ive been so desperate for an apocalypse to this society for so long. thats why im staying alive. we have a very serious chance of seeing human society collapse once ai takes over. as in, takes over everything and becomes more powerful than humans. this will happen in our lifetime. schaudenfreud is why im alive
The worse part really is the gaslighting i get from people with happy lives
i dont think thats the worst part, for me, the worst part is just seeing how much injustice there is, and watching god do absolutely nothing about. seeing smug hypocrites bully and abuse the weak, and have a great meaningful life, from cradle to grave. all my gut intuitions tell me this world is horrifically injust, and watching it with my own eyes, really kills me on the inside. really. i have to listen to so much philosophy to cope with such ideas
you are free to believe whatever you think is reasonable to believe, or believe your intuitions or feelings, but the truth is i made my post because i related to you and i was just expressing myself. im not mocking you
exactly the same lol. I was huffing the taoist and buddhist copium everyday for a while but gave it up bc im not a sage or a monk so it doesnt apply to me. I live in a soulless wasteland filled with literal Robotic NPCs. thats why i said The NPC life really isnt as glamourous as you think. they are only going through the motions and they are satisfied with that bc theyve never known anything else.. if lao tzu or siddhartha gautama were alive today they'd probably be schizophrenics in black metal bands or something. ever since i gave all that shit up i quickly turned from always trying to find the whitepill in the situation towards more christian bale in my world view
althogh i still try to find the whitepill every so often. If i never did id probably have ended it by now. DESU i used to give people i hated heroin or fentanyl for the first time in hopes that itd sow divine ruination throughout their lives, or give NPCs extremely high doses of acid in really bad settings in hopes that it turned them schizo.
and they were eager to try it anyways. they thought it was just a meme or something , as they did it on video chat with their friends like BROOOOOOO I JUST TRIED ACID/HERON THIS SHIT SO LITTTTTTT
I ddint push it on anyone, i just found really stupid npcs that i didnt like, smiled, and said, "hey bro youve GOTTA try this"
lmfao.
I was huffing the taoist and buddhist copium everyday for a while
yeah, maybe we can learn some wisdom from revealed religions, but for me, i dont think they are justified to trust 100%. but i still think its justifiable to believe god exist, because of theological philosophy, amongst other evidence. i really think atheists are delusional, honestly. oddly enough, as we get more technology, we have MORE arguments and evidence for god, not less
ever since i gave all that shit up i quickly turned from always trying to find the whitepill in the situation towards more christian bale in my world view
i dont know what you mean by give up, but we have very strong arguements to believe that god exists. one comical arguement is that ai will eventually be seemingly omnipotent and omniscient. it will be god-like, and its judgement and understanding of humans, of morals, and of how we ought to behave, and of justice will be god-like, and infinitely more comptent than us
we are heading towards a very bright future. i think theres 3 options; it will be a dystopian apocalypse, it will be a utopia, or it will be some kind of religious ending. dystopia is great because your wish for everyone to die will come true. a utopia is great, because you will be in heaven. and a religious ending is the most fair, because presumably some justice will come about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Fh6w9UKnxY [Embed]
everyone should find a reason to live, anon
if you want to quit hard opiate addiction, look into ibogaine. ive used it before and was hospitalized, and i never even did opiates harder than codeine. ibogaine is great for removing that kind of addiction, look at youtube documentaries on it
oddly enough, as we get more technology, we have MORE arguments and evidence for god, not less
true, although i wouldnt say "god" exactly, more just divinity. look into how the first microorganisms developed on earth if you want a real trip
i dont know what you mean by give up
i didnt go pure atheist, i still beleive in alot of things and dont doubt it, just, spirituality is irrelevant here. It does nothing for you, and i had many people get mad at me for trying to "flex" my spirituality by just reading those things and trying to live my life even a little bit acocrding to my spiritual beleifs, and go off about "DOG EAT DOG WORLD BRUH" so fuck it. If everyone wants me to be amonster i will show them a fucking monster.
exactly the conclusion i came to
thanks though, ill look into it. what scares me now is that its like a disease, i dont have any reason to need it, or want it, but I can end up going for it out of second nature anyways. althogh sometimes i like being a drug addict,= in ways, bc i know it makes rightoids seethe and contributes to the destruction of society even better than being a NEET. but i know thats a shitty point of view
If everyone wants me to be amonster i will show them a fucking monster.
people dont want anything from you, its just that that how this world is
but that doesnt mean we should behave like that. you cant discern ought from is, anon. just because the world is ruthless and cruel, doesnt mean you should behave like that. if you think theres any possible chance of a afterlife judgement, or reincarnation, then it seems its pragmatic to behave morally
not to mention, normies have been doing this naturally, from day one. they naturally are low inhib, dark triad, and nt. to them its natural and they do it instinctually. if you know better you ought behave better, anon
kind of a unjustifiably arrogant view, and also society is going to be destroyed soon anyways. i feel you ought better yourself in whatever ways you feel is correct, for your own sake. living better, even without love, is preferable, i feel
yea, desu its probably cope. like "at least theres SOMETHING good about having my life hijacked by one of the most addictive and deadly drugs on earth"
but yea i see what yore saying w the other stuff thogh. its just idk how to find the middle ground between being ruthless and selfish and being whitepilled and shit yet. anytime i was nice to people they saw it as weakness and took advantage of me, except unironically, people i met from fucking rehab, autists, your OCCASIONAL based skitso, or trannies
. its just idk how to find the middle ground between being ruthless and selfish and being whitepilled and shit yet
if its any consolidation, you're not special in this. men have been dealing with this through history. literally "israel" is translated to "struggles with god", google it
a moral philosophy i personally like is moral intuitionism. and if god is to be just, then to me it seems that you ought not be hypocrite, and treat others like you want to be treat in that position
i say this as someone who was charged with uttering threats to my parents about killing them at 17 as a homeless runaway, and it took every microgram of self-control for me not to lose my shit. that was a long time ago and im over it
im polite with people, but i try not to get too close. if you're an autist, honestly, the best advice i got from my dad was just be polite and nice, and stay away from people. they are fucking apes who only respect violence and take offense from anything, i live with such people. i stay away from people if and when i can. people really are cunts. i talk to a guy with some kind of schizophrenia that screams at night sometimes i live with, an old guy, otherwise i never trust or talk to people
i say this as someone who was charged with uttering threats to my parents about killing them at 17 as a homeless runaway, and it took every microgram of self-control for me not to lose my shit. that was a long time ago and im over it
damn. that had to be brutal
idek what i am its like some autism some schizoid some borderline. It actually doesnt make sense to me how someone can have only 1 mental illness lol. but yea ive learned a bit that alot of the time its best to keep your distance. whcih sucks bc having a shitty family that treats me like less than human, shitty peer groups in the past that treated me like an outsider no matter what i did, i just want a genuine close relationship with someone. it doesnt even have to be sexual, just someone i can be real with jesus fucking christ.
