hey r9k i'm meeting someone from this board in 10 minutes! i'm so nervous!!!!
You're gonna get beheaded. Have fun
remember you are an ugly vile cunt and men only pretend to be nice to you so they can cum in your hole. Have a good time.
Women who own more than zero Hello Kitty merch items belong in an asylum.
i hope one of /ourguys/ does the same as picrel did
kinchoushiteimasu nee!! you fucking nigger
have fun :))
make sure you meet in a public place tho!!!
Go do your homework child you are a freshman in high school
This Upcoming Netflix TrueCrime documentary looks exciting already, can't wait!
Based role model. Cunt was so bad that even other girls that she bullied were happy she was dead if the thread on her on KF is anything to by.
I would love to take that dress off of you and cum on that cute little black tummy.
nice dress, GL
Would you at least have sex with her vagina first?
40 minutes have passed
she still hasn't shown up
I was hoping it would be me
Of course, I'd cum inside of her as well, I would cum at least 3 times if I was with this little black whore.
he seems a little strange but overall nice guy! :) 
ill keep updating!
Why do you only hang out with older men in Hotels?
Do you enjoy being a dirty little whore or something?
bitch u gonna die
Do not post pictures of yourself on /r9k/
Hidden and reported, normalniggers out!
1 less female lol
desu i'm a little disappointed it isn't me. we kinda bonded that one day when you offered to help feed me. hope it all goes well tho
Sounds like her wet dream.
status? update? miyo?
crocs
she died
SOMEONE HELP ME DIGEST THIS SHIT!? HOW DO YOU MEET SOMEONE FROM THIS BOARD? WHERE??? ARE THERE HIDDEN THREADS FOR MEMBERS ONLY??
dies
cause of death: envy and pain
Pretty sure they exchange discord names and groups in longer threads where they discuss things. It only works in places with high populations tho.
name one long thread.
i have something long but it's a bit too thick to be considered a "thread"
Has anyone kept track with how many times she's let old men pump and dump her
Inb4 "He didn't fuck me he only fucked my asshole!! I'm still a virgin!!"
i hope someone she meets is lucky enough to put her feet in his face because i would do that any day
Lol I bet it would be longer than ur face
so far hes been a little bit more strange. 
he asked me if anyone else knows that im here and if i have any family members that really care about me.
we got ice cream :)
thank you! 
no and i dont only hang out with old men lmao
im totally fine :)
inb4 Miyoko larps that she got attacked
and that's an EXTREMELY good thing
guy is creepy but i guess girls like that so whatever
Bro wearing crocs ROTFL
He looks fat, couldn't you do better?
me but i just got stood up :(
She's talking more about whats going on in her server lol
.gg/egirlgunrange
ok how much is it?
oooooh, anon has never felt the affection of any
human being before and now hes
jealous!
I have felt plenty of female affection and I endorse his sentiments.
paying for hookers to suck your dick DOES not count as actual female affection
he only fucked my asshole!! I'm still a virgin!!"
literally best girls!
do you hang out with old men at all? we might be compatible desu.
ive never had anything in my butt at all lol
how much is wha?
ok but regardless of butt stuff are you into the age gap thing?
i left for a second in the halls but hes been genuinely getting scary how do i leave without him getting upset with me?
Ive never fucked a hooker but ive been with quite a few women and also agree with that other anons sentiments. Women usually buy me stuff actually.
just leave, if he gets mad online he can't do anything
please i need more feet pics you can't die ;_;
Go back and tell him youre talking shit about him on here pussy. he wont do nothing.
why is miyoko such a whore? was his dick tasty at least whore?
when you finally realize these pics are taken at a cheap hotel
lmao
go back and tell him you're scared
go back and tell him you are reporting him
And that she took pictures without him knowing
and that she is a minor and has his address
she met him in r9k i'm sure he knows that she would take pics and attention whore here with it
ill pray she doesnt make it back home
He had CROCS on him, WTF DID YOU EXPECTED???
dude is probably brown too seems like we're witnessing a death
you met someone from one of the lowest holes on the clearnet, you have no one else with you, you likely didn't inform anyone where you were going ahead of time, you are unarmed and you seem to have met this man on his home turf... and you do all this while either female or troonboy
why don't people have opsec and situational awareness anymore
We'll hear from her again when she comes out on the newspaper...
its a shame he probo wont do anything
She needs to be banned from.here then
she will hopefully die first
Hey, Miliya W! I wish you would kill yourself already!
Miliya Watkins*
holy deserved and kek
I figured that her last name was censored like Keliyah O's. Glad to hear it isn't yet.
Keep us updated originelly
what the fuck happened to this board, you're all pathetic discord troons.
tfw yk miliya irl
Isn't strange that she hasn't
sayed where she is yet?
Maybe she's just trying to caught our
attention by saying that she's gonna get
raped and shit...
Post proof anon originallyy
shes talking normally right now i think it was a false flag
No duh. She constantly makes stuff up and stages these things for attention, she desperately wants to be the next Bianca, but she isn't pretty enough. Her copying Bianca is so obvious too lol.
I don't think anyone would even rememeber Miliya if she stopped posting. There might be a few pedophiles who would but nobody who is actually mentally sane would care if she died or not.
will op overcome adversity and escape? or will she abide by her foid nature and submit to crocs guy... find out next time on DISCORD MENTAL ILLNESS Z
Miyoko will never even compare to Iris. Sad.
iris is the ugliest girl ever "popular" here though
Yeah, you have a point, she's an attention seeker
Miyoko looks way worse than Iris. She has no chin and hides behind layers of filters.
update she aint makin it
Is she actually underage? Also dark black girls who straighten their hair look retarded
Yes, she is underage. She has confirmed it many times.
She is 17 yeah. She turns 18 in June I'm sure
I'm pretty sure she's still making
it up.
total crocs guy victory confirmed
yeah and she is keeping tabs on this thread
miyo prove it isnt larp
She should be banned then
why would me telling everyone where i am help anything. he said he will take me home im just waiting until that happens. we have been arguing for like an hour now
i do not want to die what gave you this idea i just wanted to meet a 4chan friend
i am 19
she was randomly nice to me when i was at a really low point. i will remember her for years.
how do i prove anything?
you need to escape that guy and call a friend or get an uber home or something, trust me
make a webm miyo
don't get in a car with him, call the police if you need to
I don't wanna be pessimist, but i'm
pretty sure that he's not going to take you home.
The best thing you can do now is get out
of that fucking car as fast as possible and
get to the nearest place that has people on it;
As long as all of the things you are saying are
factual and not made up, ofc.
In any given case, i wish you luck.
Dont listen to this guy. Just let him take you home he got you ice cream and stuff. Dont be rude.
stop givin helpful advice
people like you deserve to be killed
what's wrong with you? what made you this way?
DO NOT LISTEN TO THIS GUY
HES TRYNA KILL YOU
Ok come try it faggot. You better buy me ice cream first though.
miyo come on dont be rude, the guy just doesnt know how to act around women. at least let him be nice and take you home
kindly
Girl go and try to find someone, anyone and ask for help or to accompany you until someone else comes to pick you up. That guy won't take you home.
No im not idiot. He bought her ice cream and went to a motel with her why would he kill her? You guys are fucking pussies jesus christ.
what would your father think of your posts, anon?
regardless of what you might think, i care about
the people i talk with over the internet, and therefore, i wouldn't like to see one of them
DEAD
guy this whole situation sounds sus as fuck, i'm a sperg and a half and let me tell you that this is not normal sperg behavior, even i know when to call something quits. get the fuck out of there stalker
he would be proud im being compassionate of a poor dude like that
This. Hes probably on the spectrum and communicating is hard.
Post bicep, you wont pussy boy.
don't need one of those to do what needs doing
what an exaggeration. he is just very sperg, many people are like that. give him one more chance miyo, please. the poor guy is alone all night
Do NOT follow the advices of this guy.
He wants to see you on the newspaper tomorrow, dismembered and raped.
you "people" are truly sick in the head. you're subhuman.
WHAT AN EXAGGERATION! if she staid she would know that not everyone is dangerous, just very lonely
sick in the head are you people, who treat any sperg without proper maneirisms as a killer. he probably is sad that you are that afraid of him
Hes bullying an autistic guy and saying he thinks he wants to kill someone. Sick fuck.
If im subhuman why are you bullying someone on the spectrum and im not? Youre fucking rude you cant accuse people of being homicidal. Just cause you think like that doesnt mean everyone else does asshole.
exactly, the guy just needs more social interaction, its cruel to treat him like that. the least she could do is let him take her home
So basically someone is in danger and they're documenting everything on discord and /r9k/ in real time
Why do you faggots fall for this LARPy garbage?
yeah, if its not a larp its still cruel and wrong to portray someone that clueless like that
Im glad someone else gets it. The other karens ITT are the type to call the cops on black teens selling lemonade cause "theyre dangerous" when they havent done anything.
you get it too. people are so desperate for attention that they will treat an average sperg like hes ted bundy. cruel
I don't really know if taking the risk of letting
a stranger from R9K that said he was gonna
rape her is the best option, yk?
wake me up when her body shows up on the news thanks to some deranged maniac. till then I'll regard this thread as larp.
he probably said it as a joke, it isnt much different than the average r9k humor, it just sounds weird because he is a sperg and given those circumstances, but im sure the guy meant no harm
Aren't you like 15? Jfl at this bitch
Yeah and hes probably saying he needs some time to take her home cause hes over stimulated right now and wants to drive safe.
yeah... i have asperger and still, i know that
saying such thing to a girl im going out with
wouldn't be very clever.
You guys want to see her dead so fucking bad omfg
Dont compare yours to his. You know its a spectrum asshole.
you arent everyone, ive met people like him and they are really that clueless, but are huge hug bears
yeah, hes still thrilled because its prob the first time he gets that close to a woman. very sad
dont exaggerate
You arent there dont judge him like you know the man
people want to protray spergs as killers so bad, it actually makes me wanna cry
I'm fully aware that comparing two persons with
the same spectrum would be less than
ideal, BUT, i must state than even with that in
mind, saying in a "joke" manner that you'll
rape someone is something that a fucking
mentally ill person would do, not one with
a mental disorder.
We don't know the guy at all, you are just assuming things. In this case the best outcome possible. Is much safer to assume the worse.
Exactly. These people should feel bad when he takes her home safely but they wont cause they have no conscious or empathy.
reclusive spergs act like that, especially r9ker recluse spergs. ive met many people from here irl. it seems like you people want to see something bad happen to prove a point, when the guy is just a lonely man
That's because you are sad and desperate and lonely, not because Miliya is memorable.
This.
The guy is right. I think is way better to
play it safe than just think that everything
will go just as planned.
where is she from? the usa? one of you anons go save her!
no, it isnt. imagine what that overreaction could drive the man to do. possible suicide, are you aware of that? let the guy be, holy
Where is the advocacy for them? Its socially acceptable to say they are going to do bad things when they just want a friend.
Sometimes people let the n word slip it doesnt mean theyre racist. We all make mistakes and its just a bad joke dont try to make it seem like hes a bad person cause of it.
because the usa is so small and quickly traversed...
I think that i just want the dumb ass
teenager to get out of this shit alive
and realize that doing dumb shit like
meeting ppl over the internet, SPECIALLY
FROM R9K, is really dangerous.
what state is she from? one of you have to be from her state
what is dangerous is bothering that much about a girl whos clearly safe, who is on on discord right now, and ignoring a lonely sperg mental health, thats what
You cant say hes dangerous cause hes from here. Would you say a black person is dangerous cause theyre black? Fucking hypocrite
poor guy probably wants to cry because the night he long wished for didnt go as planned, the least you could do is allow him to drive you home
you are trolling, there can't be a person this stupid holy shit.
oh yeah, lets invalidate a lonely sperg's feelings just because he MAY be dangerous. you know how absurd you sound?
This. I bet he still buys her food on the way home too AND lets her pick the music
Prove that she's 100% safe rn, and talking
casually in ds.
anon says i would like a friend
omfg this person is a rapist homicidal maniac stay away from him
That's how you sound.
and will message her the day after asking if she's okay, which he prob wont be able to since she will block him out of nowhere
she is going on and off, she is dming people right now. the guy is going back and fort without knowing how to fix things
I'd say that someone is likely to be dangerous
if he makes "jokes" about raping a 19yo
girl.
Yeah, lets balance the two possible outcomes and see what is worse: A sad sperg or a killed or raped girl. Is not hard to think , you should try it more often
which probably got taken out of context and most def meant no harm considering the r9k sense of humor. overreacting
a sad sperg who may be severely socially damaged because of this one interaction, dont invalidate a whole man's life out of suspicions
I feel bad for him he went out of his way to make a friend and buy them ice cream just to be called names.
People make bad jokes all the time im sure you have too. Youre no saint and the fact that your head instantly goes to those bad thoughts is more weird than his joke.
she is going on and off, she is dming people right now. the guy is going back and fort without knowing hwo to fix things.
Yeah... But you didn't proved anything tho...
is the same you are invalidating the life of a 19yro because someone can get their feeling hurt, easy solution go to therapy. Solution to a dead person? none
such is the life of sperg, but cold normies will invalidate this as always
and you didnt prove your suspicions against this poor man, but they are completely true, right?
The fact that your head instantly goes to those bad thoughts is more weird than his joke.
The first thing that i thought was that all
of this was a joke done by the girl,
but i'm getting a little bit more concerned now.
she wont die, only one out of a million spergs would do something like that, and you treat a random one like this one bad guy. shame on you
Theyre fine with profiling and lying against spergs cause they dont fit in. Bigoted and hateful people they are.
and you didnt prove your suspicions against this poor man, but they are completely true, right?
Nope, they arent; Regardless, as a lot of anons have said b4, i think is better
for an autistic guy to be sad bc of his
date going wrong, than a girl being found
dead and raped.
Why cause shes with someone whos probably autistic? This is what I mean youre profiling someone based on nothing besides the fact that he might browse here and hes on the spectrum? Fuck you asshole.
and they label the same spergs as emotionless, while they do the same towards him
your suspicions have less than a percent chance of being true just because of your twisted mind, and you are possibly going to run a mans life out of this
Maybe spergs cant show outward emotion but inside most are loving people who just want to be heard. Normals are vitriolic hateful people and this thread proves it.
exactly, and miyoko probably feels ashamed of treating the man like this, she is certainly at home right now
I think that you are missing the point, BUCKO.
I am CONCERNED bc the guy said that he
was gonna rape her, not bc he might be
on the spectrum
WHICH WAS CERTAINLY TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXT AND CERTAINLY A JOKE, like normies always do and you dont bat an eye
Just because it has a low chance doesn't mean it wont happen. You are falling into a common fallacy.
For sure. Shes probably laughing about he she used the poor guy.
Theres not even evidence he said that shes just being a bully
talking about that; i havent seen any updates on her status. how is she doing?
just because i may win the lottery doesnt mean i will, this is how stupid you sound
she is on right now, go ask her. that liar
yeh, ofc it was CERTAINLY a joke! I have COMPLETE confidence in the
words of a STRANGER that is probably
a fucking 40yo FAT ASS guy that only
wants to see the whole world burst into
flames
Congratulations you used you brain, is the same I said but the other way around. Still probes my point lmao.
YEAH NOW YOU SHOWED YOURSELF, INVALIDATING A MAN'S FEELINGS BECAUSE OF UNRELATED MATTERS, SHAME ON YOU.
which wont happen, cant you think?
agrees to go to a hotel with some guy you just met 
omg he wants sex stuff!!!! 
omg he might rape me!
kek
dont have her discord and as long as im aware
she doesnt use a name on here, so...
yeah
the poor guy prob tried to be kinky to fit in with her kind, but it clearly backfired
the best thing somebody has said in this threat
so far
xing#8760 she just went off
dumb 19yo girl goes out with a grown as man
the man says hes gonna rape her
anon says that im invalidating a mans feelings
bc of unrelated matters.
i can't fucking believe it
what state is she from niggers
Prove he said that. You cant. He bought her ice cream hes a nice man.
hes a sperg man, do you think only in the moment he said that he was thinking clearly? now come on
You didn't get it, lol. People still win the lottery. Yes, there is a lot of others that don't win but there is still a chance. If there is a chance, you need to acknowledge it , not ignore it.
believing hes a nice guy just bc he bought
her ice cream is...
some of yall are actually kind of stupid, yk?
but dont treat it seriously, because its almost impossible youd win. if we treated every hook up like that... THERED BE NO HOOK UPS
Go spend all your money on the lotto then. If you dont youre a hypocrite trying to slander a man for nothing.
Miyoko has done publicity stunts like this multiple times
make friend online
pick her up
buy her ice cream
get motel so you can eat ice cream and watch tv
get slandered by anons online
Such is life for a sperg
YEAH, instead of us going back and fourth why dont we ask her, the girl whos keeping tabs and is on and off on discord, if shes alright, so we know who was right?
she hasnt replied in a minute so she might be getting railed at the moment
she is on on discord right now. go to her server and see
Who is this person? I don't keep up with r9k incel lore. Also I hope she knows she destroying her pairbonding ability by having sex with random strangers, she will never have a healthy long term relationship or marriage after getting pumped and dumped dozens of times.
Obvious publicity stunt to get more orbiters
send an invite
an underage normalfag ewhore who makes spergs look like demons online
gg/egirlgunrange but she just went off. just stay there and wait
How did it go?! Think you'll see him again?
maryland, she lives in the fredrick area or baltimore
Lol how are those the two options? They're nowhere near each other.
an underage normalfag ewhore who makes spergs look like demons online
No way she's actually meeting these people irl right? How retarded do you have to be to meet randoms from 4chan, the bottom barrel of society. The bitch could make a bumble or hinge profile and have a decent looking rich normie software engineer boyfriend within a week if she wanted but instead she just get's pumped and dumped by obese weirdos who wear crocs, kek she's going to end up killed one day.
nah its ok, ive met quite a few people from here. it went good, of course some awkward moments here and there, including girls. this is a big overreaction
if shes near baltimore shes probably getting fucked by black guys. not a good sign
I met a girl off 4chan and guess what? Nothing happened except us chillin and stuff. Youre just profiling people for no reason.
how the fuck do you meet girls off 4chan? is it through discord?
yeah, mostly on /soc/, but if you get along with someone in a thread and you both live in the same country its gg.
talked to many girls off soc but never off r9k. sounds great but doubt any egirl wants to meet up with a wizard khhv
I forgot exactly what kinda thread it was but I asked where she was from and she lived kinda near me, we talked on discord first and then snapchat and then we hung out.
cmon miyo speak up, why are you afraid to go on on dc? why not speak here?
Did you hookup or date any? This seems insane, I'm a guy and I would be afraid of getting killed, I can't imagine a females perspective.
hook up with some, dated only one that lasted 4 months and a half. it wasnt fun but she was interesting.
Are you very goodlooking with a big dick? That's the only way I'd believe that a woman met up with a random guy from 4chan.
You're humongously wrong then. It isn't hard to get girls, man. You're deluding yourself if you think it is.
MY NSOE IS FUCKIG BLEdiNG I GOT PUNCHED I I RAN OUTSIDE I AM OK.
LIAR POST FULL NOSE
is the guy you were with black? thats to be expected
He was autistic and she gave him sensory overload so he reacted. Dont blame him.
Are you okay, little queen?
nit even that, she was she was wrong and staged this up
Even worse. Trying to entrap the mentally disabled.
the disableds are the most discriminated group in the world. poor guys
We need to protect them.
OOOOOKAY DUD TOTALLY REAL
we should create an union to protect those poor souls
another pic. imagine what she did to make this poor man snap
Agreed and then we can have some real change. I wonder what she did to set that poor man off though.
Ew why are people being positive and giving good advice on here. Just let these niggas die
did i not call this shit
dont worry, theres still hope that she will pay for it
Im glad he stuck up for himself at least.
What is her Discord? Is she active right now?
isn't she in a niggertown? let me try to sum this up
op presumably middle class black "egirl" with her sense of fashion and hairstyle
goes to niggertown to meet some nigger robot who can't even dress well for this >>73130634
she stays there even though she starts second guessing a few hours in
stays there until fucking midnight because the guy stalls her to stay
eventually guy punches her and she runs away (surprised he didn't steal her phone)
now we are at the climax
he is still standing up for himself, apparently looking for her
Wow she mustve really berated him or something
This is so fake. I'm not surprised that robots are this gullible.
the poor guy is still trying
See. He doesnt wanna hurt her, she made him.
and more. poor soul
Isnt this what we've been saying the whole time? He just wants to give her a ride home.
miyo has sucked people off for money before why can't she suck him for a ride home?
THATS WHAT IM SAYIN JOIN THE SERVER AND YOULL SEE
Why? Post it here I'm not joining
i'm not joining fuck off
How about you post the server link there, friend?
i alr did scroll up
Link it then. You're asking a lot of me.
would you spam stuff if i linked it (i want a yes
Sure. We both know we can't verify this is fact, but I'll say whatever gets what I want.
right right
gg/egirlgunrange
shes know in the car getting a ride home from the same guy she has been slandering. larp or bianca 2.0
shes home, sadly
did she suck him for the ride home?
absolutely so how else would she get home
I'm not surprised that robots are this gullible.
These aren't robots. It's mainly 8 year old retards
Just got back from work why are literall prostitutes blogposting on my board?
im home and okay. 
sorry for all of this i dont think ill ever meet anyone from this board again.
you look like a duck cuh
LMFAO She's trying so hard to be cute and pose like Bianca but she has no chin
If you guys haven't caught on by now this whole thread was a LARP and a way to rope in people into the discord server that was shilled here, which is known for extorting anons
iris tried to be a ciara clone
miyoko tries to be a bianca clone
derivative
Glad to see there is at least one non retard ITT
Took a punch , rape joke from a r9k anon to learn a lesson.
kek. do femanon really?
who says the copy can't be better than the original
nice bait faggot. we know egirls when we see them
It's very obvious considering the server link drop and that its happened before on here.
MIYOKO
5210 Hayloft Ct
Frederick, MD 21703
Gay and fake.
Just like this entire thread.
It didn't happen. They do this shit to shill their servers. The attention is translated into simpbux which is used to groom more girls to drum up more attention to milk more simpbux... Every one of them is in on it, otherwise would leave the server.
Wren makes one of the girls in her server torture animals to drum up controversy.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73115134
I wonder if Tranny kun and Retard San's Mexico meet up thread will be better or worse than this one.
because the copy is just a cheap imitation at best
and in this case, it's much much worse
They got outed as pedophiles in their last thread
Iris is a 5.5 at worst and a 7 at best. I would say she is about the same level of attractiveness as Ciara was, but Iris is much more boring. Iris has a cute style, though.
Miyoko is a 4.5-5 without the filters and maybe a 6.5-7 with them (depends on the angle). Bianca was easily a 6.5-7 without filters/+makeup and with makeup she was like an 8. She literally modeled. Plus at least she had a semi decent aesthetic unlike Miyokos trad whore shit.
we have a shortage of young ppl, man. we need more, not less.
you'd be surprised at how many women deviate from the norm and go for less-than-chads. ever heard of oofy doofy theory? it's the future, man.
perhaps he cares about your safety and well-being. maybe he likes you and wants to meet your family eventually if you two end up dating.
man this thread is so rarted
that's not how autism works. the spectrum refers to the autism spectrum in our brains, which everyone has. in ppl who "have autism", the autism spectrum is out of order, hence autism spectrum disorder.
i may be splitting hairs, but it's important to establish meanings of certain terms in any convo.
anyways, whether he's an autist or not, we don't know if the rape threat was genuine or not. but better safe than sorry, so i hope OP left and sprinted to the nearest busy place and got help, as others have advised itt. her safety is several orders of magnitude more important than his feelings.
i have pretty lacking social skills due to my autism, but i know better than to THREATEN TO RAPE A WOMAN I'M HANGING OUT W/, ESPECIALLY IF SHE CAME ALONE. THERE IS NO EXCUSING THIS, DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
you deserve much worse whore
this thread again
Fuck off already you drama creating whore.
kys tranny shill
link?? - i need to update my lore
I wish he will find you, whore
thisniggaugly jej
This thread would be better if Miyoko told the story of Limes and Hanako
Fucking moron. You women love to not listen so damn much that you'll purposely do shit that everyone told you would fail. Wow things went badly what a big surprise. Fucking retard.
It didn't happen retard lmao
GUYS IM OK
GOT RAPED, PUNCHED, AND BEATEN
just lemme take this cute asf selfie for r9k real quick! :3
If anyone was dumb enough to join their server after this, they deserve to have their bank accounts emptied by wren and co. Some people are too dumb to have money.
