The hair hasn't been this long in a while
Sidenote; I'm hearing really cool music in my ears because I haven't slept in now officially two days. It's like an EDM beat and I can feel it pulsing throughout my body. I also saw weird white tall whispy creatures following me around at work. It's so weird watching these things phase dimensions (or just cloak) and disappear from your conscious sight. They almost kinda look like elongated nervous syrems stretched out. I wonder if they're the spirit world aspect of a human soul? Just whats left besides the external things is really just a series of complex wires and impulses but in its own way somewhat divine?
Humans and the human mind are truly a miracle to behold.
To anyone who knows me and cares, I've kind of leveled out. I was given a bunch of test runs of vitamins and it seems quercetin and bromelain have helped me a lot with the "stinging/shocking/buzzing" although those symptoms are still there. There is still a risk of just kinda dropping dead if my body "ticks" wrong but the doctors theorized that the vitamins would help keep things in check. 
Anyway thanks for reading my blog post. Hope you're doing well.
Is this a fucking bot post? Whsts up with all these "waaah to anyone who cares and knows me :)" posts?
I've been here since 2014 g, only within the past year or so have I really enjoyed revealing my presence here.
A lot of people know me here
Ah, yet another attention whore hellbent on raping whats left of the putrid corpse of arcanine. Alright, have fun.
This thread fucking blows
That's not very coolio of you anon
you focus too much on the negative
I'm fuckin dyin and my only focus is tomorrow
Yeah, blows minds
hi
we dont know eachother but you were nice to me so take a bump
oh no wait this isnt who i think it is, is it? hope not
I hope this is an actual selfie of you so you can get banned for the only rule this place really has in special
V01D copies vore and starts using an alt
still the same faggot
sasuga r9k desu
Reminder this guy is dying of AIDS lol
STFU, Apyoc
