Just got scammed out of 50 bucks fuckin assholes
Tell me your scam stories so I can feel better pls
Fell for one of those going out of business Shopify store scams years ago. They say just pay shipping. Only lost like $9 but I'm sure there were plenty of people scammed so $9 multiplies quick. They were posting on deal subs. I thought PayPal would protect me but I would have to cancel my PayPal account and it wasn't worth the hassle. Don't feel like a retard anon. Shit happens sometimes
that fucking loser scammed me out of 30 cents so he could buy malt liquor. i would have given him the dollar if he asked
these two incidents killed my trust in others permanently, but I have made way more than enough of it back from others
yea I fell for a fake online store unfortunately. It happens
I just scammed some retard out of $50 lmao
when i was 14 or something some dude came up to me in a mall bathroom and asked if i wanted to buy snus for cheap. after some back and forth i eventually relented and gave him $25 and he was supposed to come back in 15 minutes later after fetching it. obviously he just took the money and walked home. think he was a drug dealer or something because he showed me a fat stack of cash trying to prove he didn't need to scam. dude walked out of there probably chuckling to himself how fucking easy money that was.
its over 10 years ago and i haven't told a single person this, haven't even said it here, one of the most embarrassing memories i have because the scam was easy in hindsight. guess i dont care too hard about it now. most people get swindled at some point and i figure if i didn't get scammed then i'd get into deeper shit later, being a trusting retard and all.
I scammed myself out of 10.000$ doing online gambling. It might not be much for some, but in the shithole country I'm in I could have lived for literal years off that.
Ten bucks ain't that much anywhere broke ass nibba
got scammed out of one of those mail ordered husbands from yugioh slave ai
You're hilarious kid. I put the dot in 10k$ for emphasis.
I got ebay scammed once
Got a good book out of it
200 bucks for a camera I thought would be sent to me
