with summer coming close and college/school ending what are you gonna do differently anons?
idk im spiraling. going to go crazy or start bulking again. would be cool to be even more jacked next semester.
post body
fembot :3
I'm gonna make a bunch of goals to try to be productive, keep them for a week or two, then go back to my usual habits and do nothing but being lazy, not doing anything, for the rest of the summer
i don't know. i only have two summers left. how does one spend it well? i don't have irl friends but maybe i can just spend time with family. that reminds me of a kurzgesagt video that graphically visualizes the amount of time we have during the average lifespan. and how the amount of time we spend with our parents significantly decreases post college
wydm anon? are you dying or is it just you being dramatic with school ending and having to work or something?
Nothing. No amount of desiring change has ever produced it. I can't climb out of this bucket and there aren't even any crabs inside of it. Wouldn't matter if I did because I'm too afraid to talk to girls and too autistic anyway.
well it's just interesting to think about. people dont really visualize how much time we have left on this earth and with our loved ones. mortality awareness declines as average life expectancy and healthcare quality goes up. is it a bad or good thing to remind ourselves of our mortality? and how does it shape our behavior and beliefs? it feels weird to think about
not being almost 30 
Try harder, son.
I think it's a good think to be highly aware of death. It allows me to focus on what I really want and what I need to do to reach my goals, without wandering aimlessly. It seems that people nowadays don't see much death. Less violence and the old and ill being kept in hospitals. I guess if you are someone who has loved ones and lives for the enjoyment you get with them rather than greater aims, it's better not to think to much about death, since you'd always be thinking about being separated from your loved ones and get anxiety from it. But you'd still need some mortality awareness, as it would help you remember to make the most out of every moment with them.
