everyone who i thought was a friend was lying the entire time
I figured that out around this time last year. All of my 'friends' wold only ever hang out with me if we did whatever they wanted. I was essentially a tag along to their friendgroup.
Normies live a boring shitty life, better off without them
the same ones you ghosted?
thats true, but still i hate being insulted and laughed at
yeah for me its only online friends, but they just use me for validation and then be mean to me behind my back. people are just not good
i didnt ghost , i just got busy
Still too busy?
not at the moment 
why?
Because you seem to want friends and we could give it a shot.
no no, the same ones you admittedly ghosted, because you were scared of messaging them after not talking to them for a while. did you know that friendships go both ways? did you know that even when you are busy you can drop a "hi, how are you?" well, i guess you know this already, but stop playing the victim. your self pity is going to get you nowhere.
i mean, it doesn't matter. you already
morning, iris. what'd you do on your vacation so far and what are you going to do today?
well its not like i got close with anyone and suddenly ghosted. and the people im complaining about in op are not from discord but from here
sorry, i dont want close friends anymore. i would play vidya with you if we had any similar ones, or be friends on just this board. i just dont really want to try to get to know anyone closely anymore
I mean, we can do whatever you want.
good morning, we haven't been super busy, just sightseeing around the area and today we're going out for lunch. cant give too much detail on here anymore unfortunately . hows your morning going? got any plans for today?
what do you like to do? any favourite vidya? where are you from?
Too much victim mentality
It depends. I like playing music, I like playing games, I'm currently on a weight lifting kick. Favorite all-time or jus favorite current? I'm from the US! How about yourself?
yes
thats true. but its only lately, something in the air here is messing with my head
its only lately
Debatable
we haven't been super busy, just sightseeing around the area and today we're going out for lunch
make sure to take a ton of scenery pics, you'll cherish them later in life (i think). speaking of pics, the ones you choose to attach to your posts are getting better
cant give too much detail on here anymore unfortunately
yeah don't go doxxing yourself again 
hows your morning going? got any plans for today?
it's 2 a.m so i should be sleeping but i'm planning to visit some family members around noon
Your problem was always being too nice and naive, iris. You learned your lesson too little too late, reputation really matters
oh what instrument do you play? thats cool. and yes favourite current. my favourite games atm are divinity original sin 2, for honor, rimworld, and just started playing darkest dungeon. 
i hadnt been complaining on here for months, but now im in a uncomfy position away from home and its making me insufferable
Basically any derivative of guitar. Guitar, bass, banjo, mandolin, etc... I don't know what my favorite current game is, I mostly just like something I can play with others. Realistically, I'd try anything if I knew someone wanted me to try it.
thanks desu, i have been taking lots of pics, the scenery here is very nice at least. 
speaking of pics, the ones you choose to attach to your posts are getting better
thanks :)
but i'm planning to visit some family members around noon
nice, are you guys doing anything or just hanging at their house
whats wrong with my reputation?
You get used to it eventually and just stop caring about people.
oh wow, even banjo? and do you have any preffered genres of games?
Even banjo. I have no preferences. If I HAD to pick one, I'm old school and like turn based RPG 's.
are you guys doing anything or just hanging at their house
just hoping to get some face-to-face social interaction out of it not sure if we are gonna do anything special yet
wow! ive been just getting into turn based rpgs lately and i really love them. would you wanna play wasteland 3
i see, well i hope you have a nice time there. you should get some sleep soon though.
I absolutely love to play Wasteland 3 with you. 
For reference, I have no idea who you are. I see people talking about your "reputation" and whatever and I just want you to know I have no expectations of you or anything.
do you have a discord? im on a family vacation right now but once im home id really like to. i played through it once before, but ive been wanting to do a new campaign with different people/choices for a while now. also maybe getting the dlc expansion and playing that, but if youd prefer just the base game thats cool too
i see, well i hope you have a nice time there
it's probably gonna be super awkward as always cause i'm not really close to them or anyone but I figured that isolation is bad and as good as online interactions are, they only go so far
you should get some sleep soon though
yeah sure thing MOm ttyl
I do! Would you like to screen me first to make sure I'm worthy of having yours? Realistically, if we got into it I'm going to go all in. I'm probably autistic and am a huge completionist.
what heinous crime did you commit lmao
emergency bump im going to reply
is it your immediate family? i get how you feel, good on you for going through with it anyways and visiting though
screen how? you seem nice desu, i could post mine if you don't want yours posted though. also sorry for the late reply, hope youre still here.
forgot my hassan of serenity image oh no
Where do you find your cute anime images from Iris?
What's your time zone? If it's not too big a difference I'll be your fren, genuinely offering.
are you back from nigeria yet
If you happen to see this, feel free to add me. 
Sunday Morning Coming Down#4788
is it your immediate family?
yeah. i can barely relate to them but at least they let me be around them i guess
btw what's your family like?
Well then, what you do is go up to the biggest asshole of them all, while the his other little buddies are around, and punch him full power in the face. They'll still hate you, but at least now they'll fear and respect you, and that's something.
PS if you're afraid of a group beatdown, that's where a 'stabby surprise' comes in. Nothing like getting an icepick to a vital spot to make the good times roll, so to speak. "Self-defense, yer honor"
If Iris did OF, how many people from here would actually pay? I would pay at least one thousand dollars for customs
