the size of that cock
who the fuck needs sex ed. sex is human instinct. has a single nerd ever been like "golly gee, i'm glad i know how to have sex because they taught me in sex ed!"
the vagina actually has separate holes (one for peeing one for intercourse), with the one you're supposed to use being very low down (pretty much at the taint). i only found this out then i was in my 20s.
I'm sorry your mom didn't piss all over you when you were born anon
it's not just about sex, it's about being safe and knowing what to expect
a big black BBC would be more 'apropos'
Children are stupid and at least like 10% of them will be glad about having been taught about stds, how to properly use contraceptives and the like.
It also helps against abuse, as it helps sheltered children recognize that what is being done to them is not normal or okay.
Based Norway using 4" dildoes in sex ed to bolster the confidence of young men. Still this is dumb, we just had the medical drawings in sex ed. Also told us we should not be having casual sex.
yeah but why are they cut? O_O
Guess I will do the deed then:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eFlbb9bQjOE&amp;list=PL7N73rUm82Enx4c2gHO_POgiQXnDdha2t&amp;index=6&amp;pp=iAQB [Embed]
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2PeQG61W4i0&amp;list=PL7N73rUm82Enx4c2gHO_POgiQXnDdha2t&amp;index=1&amp;pp=iAQB [Embed]
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HyWRalwqq24&amp;list=PL7N73rUm82Enx4c2gHO_POgiQXnDdha2t&amp;index=2&amp;pp=iAQB [Embed]
You do know foreskin peels back when the dick gets hard right?
Virgin detected. You arent just going to accidentally put it in her urethra, dude. Its tiny. You could clumsily thrust in the general area and it would end up in the right hole.
He has phimosis, like I do. Very common among w*t0id subhumans. This is why you cut ya kids.
Retarded bait, also ironically enough phimosis is way more common among asians mr asian masculinity.
The treatment for phimosis is not circumcision either.
Nah its way more common among whites (tons of trannys have it). And proper phimosis generally requires circumcision but by that point the damage is already done.
proper phimosis generally requires circumcision
Nope, it's usually just treated with steroid cream, phimosis that requires circumcision is super rare. Your own logic is weird too because most trannies are asian and whites are statistically the least likely race to troon out.
I liked how shocked the puritans were when this first aired. 
In one scene they showed a woman, fully naked, masturbating with a vibrator to a real orgasm, loud moaning, no censorship at all. And there were kids next to her, watching it. 
And this was on national television sponsored by the government, mind you.
phimosis that requires circumcision is super rare
It occurs disproportionately among whites. 1-10% of white males have it. It isnt worth the risk because it will ruin your sons life like mine and there is a good chance he will end up a tranny. 
Cut your kids.
In one scene they showed a woman, fully naked, masturbating with a vibrator to a real orgasm, loud moaning, no censorship at all. And there were kids next to her, watching it.
Source?
7754
That bait is not even worth a (You)
So Norway is into paedophilia?
Germanic countries always have been. Nudism is huge there. In the 70s the German Greens tried to legalize adult/child sex. Denmark had commercial CP. German government did an experiment where they gave kids to adoptive pedo parents because they thought they would make great parents. There were a lot of hippy Free Love movements in Germany where kids were ritually molested and sexually abused by most of the adults.
Here but I don't think it'll let you watch it without being in Norway: https://www.nrk.no/video/trekant-sesong-2-episode-27_52960
But here's a screenshot at least. I misremembered a little bit, she wasn't fully naked but had a top on. Not that it makes a lot of difference.
Sex ed = pedophilia I guess? Good to know...
no? its more common among japs.
No wonder Korean men are so easily able to usurp their position as chief love-maker with their women
In one scene they showed a woman, fully naked, masturbating with a vibrator to a real orgasm, loud moaning, no censorship at all. And there were kids next to her, watching it.
Sounds like paedophilia, if there was a guy jacking off in front of kids for "sex ed" he would rightfully be labelled a pedo. Still what can you expect of countries ruled by old women?
Surprisingly I could watch it fine. Yeah, quite out there.
When he says kids he means young teens. They are probably above the AoC in Norway which is like 14 or something.
And unlike you my family didnt listen to the jews. I was left intact. I had phimosis. At 8 got steroid cream and taught to stretch took two months as a child and no my foreskin works perfectly fine no surgery involved. It's disgusting how fast you morons always jump to getting cut because surgical intervention is always the first thing they do when they have a problem. Fucking low ass IQ garbage bin thinking fucking hell.
Man you have a warped perspective. Demonstrating masturbation to fellow women at puberty age and teaching them how to achieve orgasms and what that entails, is obviously completely different from the teachers somehow being aroused by those kids that are watching.
He is just projecting his own pedophilia like most rightwingers
If they're above the age of consent then who cares? In my school people made fun of me for not knowing what jerking off was at 11. Still what kind of weird woman signs up to rub her pussy in front of high school teens? Is promiscuity pushed a lot in Norway?
I jerk off in front of kids but it's fine because I don't enjoy it your honor.
Is promiscuity pushed a lot in Norway?
Its the sluttiest land on Earth.
Yucky. Nords will never make any sense to me. Like with their weird ass prisons, why would anyone hesitate to do crime when the worst case scenario is that they will have to spend the rest of their lives in a three star hotel?
And yet by all measurable statistics they are lightyears ahead of the US. Particularly the regressive US states.
Oh but let me guess, thats because of niggers or something, right.
It's not hard to be ahead of the US in a lot of areas, still if I had to choose between Norway and the US I would move to the US. In all measurable ways life in places like Japan or Norway or wherever is better, but I have 0 doubts that the average balkan or Mongolian man lives a much happier life then they do.
Nah, that's Czech Republic. 1/4 of women have been in porn there.
1/4 of women have been in porn
It's 70 in a million, 75 in a million for Hungary.
Czechs do it for money. Norwegians do it for free.
Looks like it girthmogs make ngmi. Also I love how she just fondles the cocks barehanded. What a fucking slut. I can't believe this was shown on tv, to children. The degradation of society lmao.
I love how she just fondles the cocks barehanded.
Yeah, and pulls back his foreskin and touches his balls and stuff a lot. She wore gloves when touching the vagina, which says it all.
who the fuck needs sex ed
literally every human
sex is human instinct
you need to be taught
you need to be taught
Is that what your uncle told you?
Humans need to be taught almost everything. They are largely tabula rasa when born. There are biological terms for it but yeah, humans need to be shown almost everything by parents, whereas with many other species they are left on their own from birth because they have a bunch of genetic programming in their behavior or some shit. 
Look at feral children. Humans just emulate whatever they grow up around
you're a moron if you think humans instinctly know how to have sex. we are taught by adults or friends explaining it to us, or by watching other humans or animals copulating.
you will never be a cute girl learning to masturbate for the first time
appreciate the attempt, but youtube flags those videos. won't let them play embedded.
God what an utter slut
she's pregnant the whole time
Diamonds. I wonder who the cuck husband is.
Reminds me of watching them at school, pretty nostalgic desu.
She definitely gives off the kind of vibes that women who jerk off horny teenage virgins just for the fun of it do.
This is some weird gas lighting.
This would be like saying someone needs to be taught to jerk off.
Sure they might not use the same hand or rub it the same way but no way are they not masturbating because nobody showed them.
Why does she look so excited.
This would be like saying someone needs to be taught to jerk off.
They do. Most kids do stuff like rubbing against objects and other primitive stuff before they learn what jerking off actually is.
You usually learn what jerking off is from other kids, who usually learn it from older siblings or porn or whatever, or sadly sometimes, often, through sexual abuse. 
There are countless examples of injuries and damage kids do to their genitals through their basic attempts at stimulating them as they are developing.
Phimosis for example is often believed to be caused by nonstandard masturbation techniques with damages the foreskin during development. 
Girls get a lot of injuries from inserting things or frictional injuries and so forth. 
Honestly humans barely have any instinctual behaviors.
This is some weird gas lighting.
it's just you having a low iq
no way are they not masturbating because nobody showed them.
I learned about jerking off from my friend. I later found out he was sexually molested by his adult male relatives. So yeah they kind of do. 
I think a lot of people memoryhole how they found out about jerking off and stuff, because it was usually gay to their adult minds or child abuse. 
I know I had totally memoryholed learning from my friend until I was in my 20s.
She's primed and ready for the up and down motion, so she appears excited. It's normal, there's nothing to be afraid of.
She honestly does look like she is fighting so hard not to just start pulling the foreskin back and forth over the head. 
The guy looks like he as jerked off beforehand though seeing as his cock is so shrivelled and his balls are small and light.
Wouldnt be surprised if she had made him cum in earlier takes or offset
this is a bit weird, this leaves me feeling...strange. Why are they so open? it feels perverted as fuck, especially the bit with the woman cumming on the vibrator, is that necessary breh?
Why are they so open? it feels perverted as fuck
Thats just how it is in Norway. Everyone fucks on the first date. Casual sex is a thing. Most women are on tripledigit bodycounts.
we have that here in the uk but our sex ed (last time I checked when I was like 12) wasn't like that, ours was just
here are stds
use a condom
this is how you put one on
this is how pregnancy works n that
y'know, routine shit, not cock and balls and orgasms everywhere, feel like that stuff you just figure out as a person, since when do we need basically porn
Im from the UK too but I got videos of people actually having sex, penis going into the vagina. And videos of people examining naked human bodies like this.
However it was much more sterile and serious, not all this lighthearted flirty jokey stuff.
Get a youtube unblocker addon for your browser. It's a lifesaver.
we have that here in the uk
Not really. In Norway its the norm. Its actually considered weird not to fuck on the first date almost immediately.
