looking for a weed dealer in liverpool, nbd just for personal use
any help?
Just fucking go and ask somebody in person? The fuck you zoomers have no fucking brain, have you considered the possibility that on an Anonymous website you'd rather get freaks who'd harvest your organs
kek roflmao hehexd
Lmao. Are you 12?
what else should i call it
Oh dude (((they))) know who u Are right?? Holy shit lmao they know what you fap to dude, that means searching for real life contacts on here makes sense
If you weren't 13 you would fucking know you have a functioning mouth and vocal chords
wtf do you mean "ask somebody in person"? stop strangers in the street and ask for weed?
Literally yes? Well if you're actually 13 it won't work, so I understand you're surprised. Just don't smoke
spoiler im not a teenager, and its not as simple as choosing a randomer off the street to ask about buying. police are lax about it here but would easily book you if you act like that. ideally i just want a number thatll drop some green and we can mind each others business
Dunno man im from mannie
So asking about weed gets you arrested? I wouldn't want to live where you live. Also underageb&amp;
You know what? I'd say you're just a pussy. There's no way you can have any problems for asking for some fucking weed lmao. Especially in the fucking UK. When I was there I was asking randoms about fucking ket
it actually is as simple as that, I don't know why you're so afraid, it doesn't even take ANY social skills. it's consistently worked for me (objective but i have no social skills and no social life) even in a country where talking to strangers is weird.
nitty
its got little to do w/ fear, and more to do with the fact i would have to spend a presumably unimaginable amount of time to get anywhere, and then comes the issue with getting a dealer to turn up on time. 
knew this was a long shot but thought atleast other smokers would have a little empathy
What makes you think you'll be luckier here? I'd say there's a greater chance to get ripped off that way. I was going to say it's probably culture difference, because here stoners just help each other out most of the time if you're not visibly strung out. 
yeah thats why I'm trying to help you out, you seem to feel stoners have empathy for each other, so why shouldn't some random stoner out there help you out?
worse, he's bri'ish
