I want to kill myself in a creative way that will hopefully be remembered for years to come. Allow me to list some ideas I've seen.
Shoot myself with a gun tied to a balloon so it floats away after and looks like murder.
If I was gonna shoot myself I'd go for a shotgun to guarantee success, and that would take a shitload of balloons to float away. The gun would likely be found eventually too.
Shoot myself with a bow and arrow.
If this is actually possible there's a good chance of not dying and ending up retarded.
What happened would be found out almost immediately, not likely to go down in the history books.
Any better ideas? Originality and ease of pulling off are key.
If those people arent dead then they havent used the idea yet.
None of these options would work the way you think they would
I would drown myself with a big ass Industrial
Adhesive Glue bucket, so when i do, it looks like
my interior was burnt and my face got petrified
while doing so.
There was a body that turned up in australia in the 50s on a beach in a suit that mystified everyone to this day because there's a code on paper in his suit pocket and no one has identified him,
suicide by being first human on mars
Yes I know of that one! Good idea, put some random ass note or something in my pocket.
Hes been indentified, they found his family and even photo, dude was aussie from the same area, he was gonna an hero and was visiting his love intrest which didnt say shit but were visibly shaken when police inquired her after they found his body. Check it up, its kindda new finding.
You could probably do something like this but with the current dna tests, it works with family members, so the only thing thats required is one of them having a crime record or him/her doing dna sampling and youre identity is basicly found. You could make an elaborate breadcrumbs trail with strange stuff but it will be solved or even if not, people will forget about it after some time.
There are numerous strange cases like this, people acting strangely geting cought on camera and vanishing afterwards, it would need to be something more cryptic/mindbending.
