why do so many reject the blackpill? it is one of the greatest gifts one can receive. a chance to learn the truth and make peace with yourself. focus on things which you can control and matter. yet so many spend so much of their limited time on earth attempting to disprove unquestionable evidence you can create yourself, at home. all you need to chad fish is a phone and a burner number. after that you can finally learn the truth. it costs almost nothing and requires minimal time. why do (you) refuse to do it yourself? are you afraid of the reality of things in this world?
Why do most people who are sex havers or eventually become one would care about being bitchless? Total isolation from women is a thing only few should worry about. Ofcourse women prefer Chads but that doens't average Joes aren't getting coochie.
do not worry anon. it can only get worse from now on. you can let go. we allow it
why do so many reject the blackpill?
It's pessimistic and it dogmatizes women being evil. It denies guys of their hope. Women can and will cause immorality but you can't deny yourself happiness if it isn't happening to you atm. It's like trying to predict bad luck, it takes up all of your energy and turns you into a miserable shell of human being.
You guys posting these stats but will conveniently ignore how the incel population drastically in the 2021 and it's mostly teens anyways. Dating apps aren't real life.
dogmatizes women being evil.
people are evil though, this world is evil. instead of wasting your time trying to get approval from people who dislike you and harming your self esteem, focus on other things.
aren't you being a bit of a hypocrite anon? you also are conveniently leaving out that it's not just teens, but how bad things are for men in their 20s as well.
you speak nonsense. accepting the blackpill is having basic situational awareness. just like a child which runs towards a brown bear because all of their life they have been taught they are nothing but fluffy toys which bring joy. would you warn the child before the bear mauls it apart or say nothing in hopes the wild bear is actually a friendly bro down to chill which likes belly rubs? hmm? 
the entire affair has such an effect on you cannot even make semi-coherent sentences. or perhaps it is the blood clots caused by vaccines. at the end of the day only you can truly know
drastically what? I am the only one who thinks this anon is missing some words?
zzzx v
why do so many reject the blackpill
because they are ugly as fuck and they hate thinking about it
because people don't understand that incels and femcels exist. too many people only care about looks and ugly men/women don't have a chance.
Because its not real.
You're just trying to find a excuse give up so you can lay in bed and play videogames all day instead of trying to improve your situation.
Stop being a lazy piece of shit.
see >>73139378
you are a hideously ugly person lol
It's actually funny when ugly women think they can find a partner who wants them.
women find attractive men attractive
not even trying to strawman your argument but that's literally it. you're on a fuck app, ofc women aren't going to care about personality. also these dms look fake...
but then again there's something very attractive about a bad boy
The question is, how bad does this bad boy get.
women do not talk like this at all, especially over text.
You also missed the part where both the guy and the girl use the exact same writing style, the guys picture is a famous model, and this is just a like-for-like variation of the misc catfish meme.
just because you have never experienced it does not mean it does not exist
plenty of examples. all you have to do is just lurk moar
the only people who doubt this shit are
1. trannies
2. women
3. ugly men who take PUA courses
Of course I experienced it. I was there on misc when we created these texts
did you also write pic related?
No and if you dont know the chadfish meme you are probably some virgin who has watched porn before. Not misc material
impressive. were you also behind pic related?
All people care about looks when it comes to a potential partner. Looks are an easy identifier of the quality of genes a person has and by extension the quality of the potential offspring. Nobody wants to have stupid, ugly children anon.
Because it's a self perpetuating lie.
Men and women devalue themselves for dating apps and rely solely on extraneous factors, whereas real people use any other means. You won't find a quality partner on dating apps, ever.
Because the blackpill is making absolutist claims without sufficient evidence. It honestly reminds me of the "forced 50/50" complaints about games with a matchmaking mode.
height selected against
extraversion selected for
yes, thank you for proving the blackpill is cope.
how does this disprove what i said? ofc women on fuck apps are shallow and only care about looks.
Many incels don't realize that most women don't NEED a man in their lives to live meaningful lives as much the incels feel they need women. Some girl who puts seven feet as her filter isn't actively looking for some pro baseball player prince charming, it's more like "lol wouldn't it be funny to fuck some giant once".
They don't need until they hit 40, and then they realize that they got nobody to write as a dependant phone, that they will die alone, and their cats will eat their body as it will take a week for the smell to alert the neighbours.
I wonder this myself,
Once I realized I will never be sexually attractive to women no matter what I do I gave up and focus onother things that bring me joy.
Why should I worry about a group of people that don't givena fuck about me?
Makes no sense
But I think I have a idea, I believe most men avoid the black pill because they can't love without women. There whole lives revolves around them. 
The reason women hate the black pill is because of too many men realize that only chad are sexually successful. Men will be less likely to simp
Which I think is already happening with the teen boys of today. They ain't (for the most part) ain't dealing with the teen girls because they know they only gotta get used and abuse by their female peers because they ain't chad. Which is probably the real reason so many teen girls mental health is declining
