Being an attractive woman is an art. Being an attractive man is a science. Women have the luxury of running a massive gambit of tantilizing things while men, they can only really be one thing. From all the sciences we've collected on the subject, women are turned on men who are
6'2 and taller
black to dark brown hair
dark brown eyes
a lean muscular frame
dark tanned skin
7+ penis
violent rebellious nature.
Women are reknownly turned off by
height of 5'10 or shorter.
blonde or red hair
blue or green eyes (exception to this rule is if the man is dark in skin)
 a flabby fat frame or thin gangly frame.
pale or pinkish skin
6- penis
loving or demure nature.
Of course there are outliers out there but in the extreme minority and no woman would probably choose a man with all these features. If we were to take, say, john thompson, 5'11 thin pale white man with blonde hair and blue eyes in Bogota Columbia or Rio de Janeiro brazil or any south American country, he'd be getting mogged by eduardo left and right. This is science for a reason, there is no maneuvering around the truth of it even if you don't want to admit it.
Pic related is the apex male in womens eyes, this is their ultimate fantasy man. Strive for this as best as you possibly can.
literally fetishistized for being white in every country on earth outside of the west
bu.. but.. eduardo
Blond hair isnt a turn off and red hair only is because women hate gingers.
Blue eyes isn't a turn off ether unless youre also an albino.
eduardo
Theres a reason hispanics and blacks are so often gay despite not having a strong lgbt culture like in white countries..
Women are more attracted to blue eyes over brown eyes. This is why every superhero has to be casted with blue eyes or contacts that make them look like they do.
t. coping shitalian
brownoid cope
The sex ideal is tall white blue yes blonde.
shit colored eyes aren't desirable retard. whites are universally attractive which is part of the reason we're going extinct
Cock = Kokomo
And being a faggot is just being OP
Well not so universally when there's still white incels like you
Why did you post a picture of a lion then, clearly it doesn't look like a nigger.
nonwhites are far more likely to be incels. few women are attracted to poos or asians. race is even more important than height and dick size
Only in low test countries like Japan. High test countries like the ones in the middle east never gave women the freedom of choice in marriage
blue or green eyes (exception to this rule is if the man is dark in skin)
This is bullshit lol I've gotten tons of women because they said they loved my green eyes. In fact, that's how I'd know I was getting laid. When they would mention them.
Also, you're just talking about average anda bit below average people. Yeah it's easier for women to put on some makeup and nice clothes and look 1 or 2 points hotter than they are, but super ugly people are usually genetic disasters that no amount of makeup will hide.
Is this really the first time someone has made that comment?
Praying for the fate of every incel who believes in this shit lmao. Maybe if you stopped losing your shit over generalizations and actually tried to live your lives you'd be in a better place.
i mean in the west obviously
silencio, Mexicano
7+ penis
damn, i only have 1 penis
