Anyone get so depressed or anxious that all you can do is curl up into a ball in the fetal position and rock back and forth? This is me at my worse with my depression and anxiety, nothing makes me happy and all I can feel is pain. Any other robots experience this?
yea you arent alone, im going to be killing myself soon there wont be anymore x y and z to deal with i wont be in pain anymore
I don't want to kill myself, when the anxiety and depression passes I feel quite normal and even enjoy life. Besides, if I kmys my family (parents, wife) will suffer. But sometimes the pain is nearly unbearable. Today I want to spend the whole day just sitting in bed because I can't face the world. God help me (and you).
Not the same but I get either extremely sad/angry to the point my stomach feels very stiff and in pain whenever I move forward, so I cant do nothing but la down in m bed in pain.
Anxiety and depression can manifest in various physical symptoms including stomach pain. It's not uncommon. How do you cope with it?
How do you cope with it?
I cant. And my stomach isnt the only one suffering. My left arm-neck-jaw experience lots of pain to the point I need to take a painkiller otherwise I feel like I did 1 million pushups.
Only solution is to immediately head to bed, lose an entire night of free time, just sleeping, with the hope that when I wake up the pain will be gone.
You ever just lie in bed all day because of it?
Depends. If its weekend, day off or whatever, ofc I stay in bed all day.
Otherwise I will take a painkiller or live with the pain (which is the usual since I hate taking drugs).
if the net is cut off, you faggots will restart your lives immediately.
you're not depressed, just lazy
Oh I work, but some days it's really hard and I come home and collapse, and some weekends I just lie in bed all day suffering.
work =/= cut off net
If this has ever been you.... HAHAHAHAHHAHAA you deserve your mental prison
Sorry I misunderstood, you mean if we didn't have the Internet we wouldn't suffer from depression or anxiety? That may well be true, Ted.
Imagine seeing someone's suffering and being like "hahaha LOL FUNNIE." You think you're cool but you're pathetic.
all faggots are retarded by nature ig
i meant get off the net. not posting on 4chin, doing anything else. literally walking in the street. not that we need to take down the net you moron, just stop using it to rub dopamine out of your tired brain cells.
istfg it's so annoying how normal this has become. it's why you cant take mental health shit seriously which sucks for people how really have them
It is funny seeing a thirsty man not drink the water right in front of him. Dismiss it as mean but you're a joke.
Theres a reason you get offended when your depression is threatened. Think about it.
Its just the net goy!
I wish there was some easy way to rid myself of anxiety and depression.
Its not the never ending routine of waking up/slaving/sleep
I wish there was some easy way to rid myself of anxiety and depression.
its definitely not that stupid goy! Now get up, your 5 mins lunch break is over. Back to the cagie!
I wish there was some easy way to rid myself of anxiety and depression.
Oh wow, I'm cured, thanks.
For what it's worth, work actually usually helps me feel better, it distracts me from my own thoughts for a couple of hours at least.
have you ever attempted to break it? this never ending routine you gave yourself up to?
great thread, anon. I have this too and it's weird. sometimes i rock back and forth while staring into the void, sometimes I do it, quite often actually.
stfu you're no aristoteles dumbass we can all think here, the problem is that you're not understanding that there is something that makes it impossible for the thirsty man to realize that he could "just" drink the water
Twittershitting normieniggers think you can escape depression by watching a star war, smoking a joint, and buying a funko pop.
I experience intense depression and anxiety. Because of this I sucumb to my videogame addiction and just stop feeling anything. I don't even like playing.
I wish I could escape by playing video games, they do nothing for me.
