There's nothing good to be gained from opening your heart to scrotes. They'll always hurt you in the end.
its true. i h8 scrotes for hurting Women
80-90% of divorces are initiated by women. OriginaIIy
Everyone in this thread except for me is a trannie YWNBAW
Women don't have hearts, just egos.
notice how its 6'+ abusechad she's opening up to. typical
Now reverse the genders and this is what happened to me. Almost like anyone can be a shitty person and it's not gender exclusive.
almost like y'all heckin bruh nigga g almost as if pupperino
lmao @ these scrotes crying in here
"bbbut!"
lmao, scrotoid
cum sex piss fart
Why cant femcels just fuck off to crystalcafe, you niggers have your own website to bitch on yet you come here daily to post shitty bait and antagonize incels. 
If you want to complain about chad pumping and dumping you how about you go complain to people who actually have interactions with women.
There is no such thing as a femcel.
Unoriginal but true.
Not true, I've helped many femanons
Thats not a femcel thats a transcel masturbating to people replying to his bait calling him a woman and she/her.
They arent allowed on crystal caffee.
Um... a-are you a real woman? Tag?
Maybe you're too sensitive and make issues out of innocuous things. Ever considered that?
crystalcafe is legitimately mostly trannies pretending to be women because it's "euphoric" for them
Well he wasn't wrong. He stabbed it, not broke it.
There's nothing good to be gained from opening your heart to scrotes. They'll always hurt you in the end.
scrotes
you misspelt chad
and its not like females can really love anyways, outside of a serial killer or psychopath anyways
stormy, you are either a woman or a cuckold simp with zero shame or care for morals or integrity
you are not a straight male
I always wondered what exactly the comic means to say the man did. Just lose interest and leave her? How could that be avoided, compatibility is just luck. It's just as likely that she becomes the one to lose interest. Would she rather the man stayed with her in a fake, loveless relationship no matter what? Surely not.
I wouldn't hurt you x
