anoooooooon~~~~~ do you have a crush on anyone on r9k?
There's a femanon whose posts here I like more than anyone else's but I'm 25 so I think it's no longer a crush and that just makes me a simp now or something
My gf posts on /r9k/ and I love her so mcuh
Yea, and I'm a bit worried about her. She hasn't posted in a while and I'm afraid she did something silly...
anoooooooon~~~~~ do you have a crush on anyone on r9k?
I haven't had a crush on anyone in a very long time. I guess I should be thankful for that.
No ,I don't even click on e-celebrity threads, I hate every single one of them
Where's Polish-anon? I want to fix her, forcibly if I have to. And it would have to be forcibly, she's crazy.
awww, dont say that brobot, why not say hi to her?
real girlfriend or fake?
oh no.. what do you think happened?
hmm, tell me more
otay
you mean f-r-i-d-g-e?
The INFP girl who constantly blows bubbles while chewing bubblegum is back
oh no.. what do you think happened?
Dunno, she just seemed really down a few days back and I haven't heard from her since. I'm probably making a mountain of a molehill, but I really hope she's alright.
real girlfriend
Yes. She's the cutest ever.
why not say hi to her?
There was a thread a while ago where I talked to her for a while but she said she didn't want to exchange socials, so y'know, sometimes the girl you like talking to is just holed up in their home in a place you'll never reach. Shit happens, not like I'm meeting anyone IRL or anyone online, I'm just remaining at zero.
Yes. She doesn't like contact fagging because it stresses her out though.
hmm, tell me more
Not sure what there is to tell. I guess I just don't love so easy these days. The last girl I really liked was my ex, but we've been broken up for 2 or so years at this point. Haven't liked anyone like that sense.
who???
sad...
i wish you health n happiness
ah.... thems the breaks then i guess anon.... dont give up though
hard to say, i mean any fembot who isn't fat is technically a crush since i'd want to do things with them...
you mean f-r-i-d-g-e?
Not sure who that is. I'm talking about the Polish girl who wants a guy to beat her to death.
I stopped reading the text above posts and I always just assume it says anonymous. Couldnt tell you what namefags even frequent this board anymore let alone their names and what they look like
who???
you
yes, it's a person that posts asking about our crushes on r9k
kinda missed them, it has been a while
There's a girl I met here recently that I've started taking a liking to. It's very hard to tell if she likes me at all, but I think she does.
dont give up though
Maybe. The tricky part is telling apart the fembots from the dudes larping as women, and then finding people I actually connect with from that small group.
Why do you have a crush on OP...?
The fetish thread from yesterday sort of gave me butterflies in my stomach. Hope she's ok today, she seems so sweet.
it's a big secret
Moth stole my heart a-aaaahhh~
INFPs are monkey branchers who cannot be trusted. If you dated her, she'd crush your heart by leaving you for someone else.
Anon... I shouldn't judge you for your desires but I'll be honest. Any girl that's that sexual and was that flirtatious with that many anons is likely not a good partner unless you're a cuck.
its not like something that has not happened before
I know, but there was something honest in there that I can't put my finger on.
I won't stop you, but I doubt anything will happen. Don't put your expectations too high, for your own sake.
Haha, don't worry, I have no expectations whatsoever. I just found her endearing, in a way.
That's good at least. Enjoy a frog.
do you have a crush on anyone on r9k?
Sort of but she rejected me
do you have a crush on anyone on r9k?
Yes I had a bit of a crush on a tomboy but she rejected me. I guess I can cope that I don't like her that much because I don't know her well enough, but she's a pretty cool person.
I forgot how loving someone feels like long time ago
yeah i like twitch.tv/2no1_ also formerly known as kick.com/leafy
you remembered that much about me? even i dont remember that much about me lol
but you dont know anything about me anon
i hope it goes well - i believe in you. dattebayo. even if it doesnt work out the fact that you gave it your best is what matters i think
hmm... well i used to pretend to be a guy on here and i still do most of the time, but im also an aspie so idk if that has anything to do with it. im sure there are nice girls on here but honestly it kind of depends on your personality. im not saying looks dont matter because for everyone except the blind they do, but i think a good personality can change the way you view someone drastically
kaiji itou
a little weird anon but i understand how it is with parasocial stuff
i have no idea who that is. care to explain?
that is really rude anon. im a strict monogamist, dont be a fag
im sorry to hear that anon
that is sad but im also glad it was not that detrimental to you
then you must love yourself, anon, because that is who is with you in the end. except maybe god/the gods, if you believe in that kind of thing
like leafyishere leafy or... because im not clicking that link
actually i don't have a crush on op, but i have always wondered if they are secretly waiting for someone to mention them and i find that kinda cute
i have a crush on a very qt and smart robot. he has opened my eyes to a lot of different perspectives in the world. specifically religion (i am still agnostic tho). n he has very pretty eyes and lips :o
the person who i want to mention me is long gone, anon, but its otay, life goes forward
oh, name him!!! i want to know who it is. unless you don't know the name.
like leafyishere leafy or... because im not clicking that link
I rebranded from kick.com/leafy beacuse people kept asking me that
i hope it goes well
Thank you, OP, but I doubt it. She clearly suffers from anhedonia so I don't think she'll ever really want a deeper relationship. She's very aloof too and doesn't seem to ask for anything from me.
i have a crush on retard-san (the bocchiposter) they claim to put her feet on her bfs face and that is very adorable and hot but i just want anyone / any fembot who would do that so idk if it counts
not a crush but some femanon sung a portuguese catholic song some days ago and that was very cool. i wanted to hear the song again the next day but the vocaroo was expired or something
Femanons don't actually exist, they're just attention seekers and bait.
i'm really sorry to hear that, anon... :(
i wish you the best
can i ask you why do you make these threads, though? or do you just make them to interact with people?
im not saying looks dont matter because for everyone except the blind they do, but i think a good personality can change the way you view someone drastically
Yeah that makes sense. I've got friends who are with chicks that aren't conventionally attractive and seem to be in the happiest relationships of their lives, so even though I've got a type, I'm definitely more focused on personality right now than anything else. Gotta find a girl that I can connect with on a lot of things. But I mostly just use this site to dick around not find a chick to date.
I'm pretty sure that being a simp has nothing
to do with age.
Why don't you try to talk to her?
What is there to lose?
I just want Meaghan back and meeting her here was the best thing in my entire life for 2 years we took eachothers firsts and had everything until she just flipped cheated on me and dissappeared idk how someone who couldn't even talk to people would do that I thought she of all people could understand being misunderstood and autism since she is diagnosed with it I wish and hope she will talk to me again I wish I could just see her again and hold her and never let her go I want to do everything over again and not let this happen
kek these Meaghan posts always get a laugh out of me thanks man
you are rarted, anon. i hope you get help for ur disability
because i can >:)
yes... that's fair, i think
my friend i think it is best you move on. you need to find inner solace. i know its painful but you must move forward and know there is someone better out there for you than her
who tf is meaghan. never heard of him/her before
None of them talk to guys in a serious capacity, they just hide and don't allow for dms. I refuse to believe that they can't get a boyfriend.
Moving on is impossible I don't trust anyone and I'm always scared of people just the fact that she made me trust her and dissappeared is not something I can live with I just want to be happy
i have no idea who that is. care to explain?
I dunno, just found her very sweet to be around :3
stop talking bad about Meaghan she did nothing wrong. we gave you a chance to come get some closure on our podcast at twitch.tv/2no1_ but you declined so leave Meagan alone
There is no Meaghan there I even looked at yr dumb stream and there was nothing
How long have you known him, if I could inquire?
about half a year. i like him because i get a glimpse of what really caring for someone is like, i guess physically and emotionally. i adore him n feel attracted to him badly even if i don understand all my feelings yet
sort of, i've been trying to get over her so i'm weaning myself off of r9k
Did you meet him from here or somewhere else? What's his initial?
are you thinking its you anon? i am sure you are imagining a special someone haha. the fun of these threads i guess
I used to have a crush on this cute boy with a motorcycle that had a good taste in vidya and anime, then he ghosted me and I had a crush on an irish jojoposter that went by ennis. I don't think either of them still come to 4chan anymore but I hope they are doing well wherever life took them
i fell in love with the first girl to show me friendship again, which in this case is a tomboyish non binary girl. except i have no clue if she even is into men. also we're kind of opposites in lots of ways, i'm sort of outgoing and like lifting and abusing substances and she's never drank and likes crocheting. i dream about her every night
inb4 stop misgendering them
i want *them* will be my *girl*friend
OP is a narcissist who wants to seduce everyone for her narcissistic supply.
"teehee I'm a cute girly girl that flirts with everyone, posts cute and beautiful anime girls, and is obsessed with romantic gossip~ Don't hit on me silly boys~"
Her ultimate goal is to be a succubus who breaks as many hearts as possible. Don't give her that power; she probably already has 50+ broken hearts in her collection.
itt everybody posts about themselves
kek
Not yet. Accepting applications though.
I was ready to be gaslit and then she started churning out tiny replies, she probably got bored
Gaslit? Which post were you?
Are you op? Asking an original question of you, of course.
Nope, I'm the one who called the succubus femme fatale out
Gotcha. You suck lol.
OP, do you look anything like this picture? o////o
nonbinary isn't real so you're just in love with a mentally ill girl
its just for fun anon, chill out. its not to break anyones heart, im just imagefagging
no im still here
sadly i am not a 2d girl, just a 3d one
do you wanna have a crush on me?
Do you think you're physically attractive? How many hearts have you actually broken?
Want to be friends? I want nothing romantic and I could help you out in life.
chad straightforward vs
virgin onions boy
Dude is asking a girl to have a crush on him, it doesn't get less Chad than that lol.
that's how you get things anon, you have to ask nicely.
would you have a crush on me?
yes
okay let's fuck
yes.
vs
wanna be just friends
yes
ok how was your day
got creampied by brad
NOOO why i was le friendzone i am nice and you do this to me REEEEEEE
Does OP really seem like the type to friendzone people?
Very weird situations you filled in there. I guess it's pretty clear who the actual delusional one is here. One of us wants sex and is being a bitch about it, one of us wants friendship and is open about it. She could tell me she fucked ten dudes on the subway and I wouldn't give a fuck. I'd probably congratulate her.
Honestly I'd be extremely surprised if OP doesn't have a body count in the triple digits. Is it just me or does she give off whore vibes?
one of us is aware this website is meant to be ironic in and the other one doesnt recognise obvious shitpost
OH NO HES TRYING TO GET A GURL HAVE A CRUSH ON HIM THIS IS REAL NO JOKE
do you realise "she" is just numbers to us right? lmao
It's possible, but would it really matter? Casual sex isn't inherently bad. 
It looks like someone has been bamboozled.
I'm being entirely sincere when I say that I find OP highly attractive and would probably genuinely fall in love with her if we became friends. Thankfully she's too nice of a girl to turn anyone down that has feelings for her.
bruh i dont even know who OP is, you've been BAMBOOZLED
Do you even know what she looks like
She posted a pic once. Long brown hair, full lips, huge boobs.
and u wanna be friends with her to fall in love and congratulate her on fucking 10 dudes?
huge boobs
I must witness this picture, please post it
Well, maybe 'huge' is an exaggeration, but they're certain substantial.
I had a crush on an avatarfag I spoke to for a good 3 months but he ended up having sociopathic tendencies &amp; was using me for attention along with not reciprocating.
jamie is really cute but i wouldnt call it a crush more just jealousy
WHO PLEASE WHO
yeah and hes being annoying rn he best see this and message me
Maybe switch over to me?
very tempting he still hasn't messaged me
And guess who has now responded to you TWICE?
say the first letter of his name please?
yes but we dont talk anymore and im positive it was onesided. i was suicidal and i considered doxing him and going to his house to ask him why he treats me this way but then i snapped out of it
fuck you're right
first letter of the name I call him is k
Baby, this is my third reply and my name starts with K. I am literally the perfect replacement.
dylann roof obssessed girl you bitch if you dont unblock me ill doxx you
then you're my new r9k crush &lt;3
Strictly r9k or can we take this flong elsewhere?
hey babe, why dont you forget about K dudes and go with the M (me), i have a spaceship. u already have a crush on me?
battle to the death 
K vs M
i will kill you to the death
The battle is already over. I will absolutely KILL any competition. I want your crushing and I will destroy anything that gets in my way.
Having to name yourself is such weak energy. You can just tell I am a K through and through. You are weak and seek validation through names.
I want your crushing and I will destroy anything that gets in my way
i'm more laid back and prefer not to force things
what do?
Just ignore you and have my rightful place as the new crush.
you guys are killing me holy shit
i think we'll let the girl decide, double texter.
Yeah... My sister in law.
It's a problem.
This guy is being pushy and is trying to force you to pick. Pretty bossy, huh?
You double responded first, little man. I only kept things going because I don't fear you. She can decide, and she's going to pick me.
prepare to be (M)att damoned
keep going im really close
Prepare to be (k)rying your eyes out when she (k)hooses me.
she'll tell you "sorry but My Mind is Made up"
She still hasn't even picked yet. Why don't we end this silly fighting and just crush on each other? (M)aybe we (k)ould (m)a(k)e each other happy?
damn boy.. in the (m)ood for some ket and molly?
(K)now what? Fuc(k) you. You didn't respe(k)t me by emphasizing the k. You hurt me.
damn fine then gay boys
No, I want you back. Come back to me.
why you always wanna force things and control me? you (k)now im laid back im not trying to make u feel bad c'mon
do u like cats
No. i hate cats and love dogs. a cat lacerated my whole body when i was a kid.
I fucking love cats. I have a diabetic one that I have set my entire schedule around.
we have a winner
I'm sorry M &lt;/3
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!! GET FUCKED, DOGGIE BOY.
at least in my version of the larp you sucked my dick. good night.
drop ur discord I'll help take care of ur diabetic cat
Boo hoo!!!!!
OUCH#6115
Not capable of love so no.
I'll take you, M.
Just join my harem. He isn't worth your time.
but I love him! I love M!
Eh. Your loss. He isn't even here to see your words. I am.
I LOVE YOU INSTEAD
Exactly. I am and will always be the right choice. Now join the harem.
OP is so fucking sexy holy shit how can anyone not have feelings for her
broken none, also no i don't think so
no
maybe? depends
never had sex, anon, nice try though. im a permavirgin
i have never posted a pic on here of myself
i'm so sorry femanon, that really sucks, please love yourself despite how he treated you
idk who that is
hmmm
good on you for moving on
get off my thread you scallywags, no romance allowed
tell your kot i said hi, sorry to hear it is diabetic
stop attentionwhoring this isnt /soc/
lies
maybe? depends
On what?
Depends on what exactly?
just depends
Well I'm feeling dependable. Interested?
your sister in law is on r9k? sheesh
yuck
do i know you???
i'll think about it
How will I find out your decision?
A while ago I met a girl on here I really liked. She cut contact with me though. Oh well. I wonder if I'll find someone like that again?
OP, have a cuddle shark! And do you have an /r9k/ crush??
The polish girl with a Nazi fetish?
via carrier pigeon
aw i hope you find someone new, anon. don't give up. also not anymore
Oh well. I wonder if I'll find someone like that again? 
Goddamn dude that sounds so nonchalant lmfao I can see why she would cut contact, I'd hate to be her kek
oops, forgot my image lol epicfail
i have a crush on beautiful korean girls. the beauty of their faces is so stunning and lovable. i listen to EXCLUSIVELY korean girl asmr. they own my fantasies
if a girl like this would walk across the street, turn her head, look me in the eyes for 5 seconds, and walk away, my knees would buckle
no, i dont have a crush on any female poster here, imagine falling in love with a turdwhore roastie
and i know nobody genuinely fancies me
so i just cope and suffer
What a pointless fucking thread. OP is an attention seeker.
Crushes only lead to one sided bullshit.
SIGH. that seems not promising.
Thank you!
It actually hurts a lot whenever I think about her. 
One reason why I said that is because we agreed to find our own relationships, so here I am looking for another girl. She set the baseline for what I wanted in a girl so I want to find a girl like her.
Happens to me too!
She set the baseline for what I wanted in a girl so I want to find a girl like her. 
Since then have you found anyone like that then
No. I don't think I'd be posting in these sorts of threads then, would I?
Another reason I sounded nonchalant is that... maybe I'm trying to keep a strong image of myself here?? I don't want to weep and beg for her to come back, unlike some other anons on this board. I guess.
Yeah, she's a bitch and fucking around with you.
Honestly, I'm fine with that. I'm just looking to have some fun. It isn't anything serious worth getting pissed over.
But anon this is a thread for people who have crushes on r9k already that's why I asked dude. Also there's nothing wrong with grieving an ex, all peeps grieve differently.
I'll judge her for it. It doesn't speak well of her. She's probably a manipulative person who gets her kicks from toying around with people, even in deeper and more meaningful relationships.
Good to know I'm not the only person who became obsessed with someone I me here, it took me years to get over her. Sadly she broke my idealization of women, so now I can only have a half hearted interest in relationships
Nta but she can toy with me and dispose of me whenever she wants
i think that anon meant he was here to try his luck with op, ive seen him try to flirt in all fembot threads no exceptions
She's not my ex. We never got together. I do think of her as a crush.
Wh-why do you want her to do that? Are you attracted to her?
My reputatoin precedes me, haha... ( ;-;) fuck, that is embarrassing.
Tfw cosplayed that exact outfit as Poco asahi
Awh yeah.
PLEASE SEND ME A PICTURE ANON, I REALLY WANT TO SEE A MIO COSPLAY
do i know you???
Yeah... we've been friends since 2020, if that narrows things down? A part of me hopes you don't catch on to who I am because you would probably turn me down anyway, but... yeah... I have feelings for you. I always have.
Yes, but my main reason is because I just want to be of use to someone even if only temporarily
omg my crush is opening csgo loot boxes on hist twitch stream ttv/2no1_ right now!!! LIVE I hope he gets a knife or multiple knives
Woah, chill dude. I can't post myself on 4chan because it'll be archived and I also don't want to get banned lol
How about Discord, then?
its just for fun anon, take a chill pill. who do you have a crush on?
who knows, anon-kun. maybe another day, i make these threads on occasion, you'll have to keep an eye out
you'll find another, but remember not to limit yourself by putting blinders on who you might like to be with
someone finally gets it
you will move on and find new hope eventually, brobot. you gotta find the will within you
ok wiseguy, what's my initial begin with?
magic 8ball says: 'don't count on it.'
based
cease this im too tired its late
initial 
C.
you will move on and find new hope eventually, brobot. you gotta find the will within you
Thank you anon, I like your cute anime girls btw. I have already moved on for the most part, my obsession with her is probably 1/10th as strong as it used to be, to the point where I'm ok with the idea of being with someone else. I even am talking to other girls, and even though I usually fail with them too, it feels good to be able to genuinely feel like I could move on if things worked out with someone else
you'll find another, but remember not to limit yourself by putting blinders on who you might like to be with
Got it. I suppose I should just focus on improving myself right now and I will find the right person eventually! And blinders off!
cease this im too tired its late
My apologies
I don't have any crush right now, and haven't for a while. What's the point unless they like you too?
who knows, anon-kun. maybe another day, i make these threads on occasion, you'll have to keep an eye out
Why are you stringing him along? You know damn good and well you're never going to be his friend.
I don't mind working for it. Do I get any payoff if I find you again?
Hi OP can you be my fren? I really suck at talking to girls and you seem chill! I just want to be talk about stuff like music lole
You get my respect and admiration:3
Strangely, that would be enough.
You're a cruel person.
NTA.
Maybe more :3 depends on how I feel~~~
What's the point unless they like you too?
Sure feels like that, but I don't think you get to choose who you get a crush on. At least not completely anyway.
not me anon 
im saying acquaintances via a uighur seaweed crocheting board 
this is not me but ok
Are your boobs big or small?
If I catch feelings for someone and I don't stand a chance, I ghost and move on.
And don't give me that moral high ground bollocks about how would they feel either, it's selfish to expect someone who has feelings for someone as more than a friend to stay just friends with someone as they go off and be with someone else. Yes I speak from experience, and it ain't happening again.
You do you, anon. Although I'd rather tell them about it rather than just outright ghosting. But I think your feelings are valid.
You said you'd be his friend, not his acquaintance. The obvious implication was being friends on Discord. Stop playing around with people.
Not her but god I wish she'd reply to me and tease me with being friends knowing she has no intention.
But anon this is a thread for people who have crushes on r9k already that's why I asked dude.
I just realized, I have some terrible reading comprehension. Sorry anon. (My excuse is that it's late and I'm very tired!) No, I don't have anyone else I'm crushing on as much as I did that girl.
Considering there are no Japanese girls in this God fished l forsaken board I'd have to say no.
i bet this is a man i bet so hard
Why does every regular thread have to become some retard hive of samefagging schizos begging for attention with their avatar posts? Can't you guys just jerk each other off in some discord server like everyone else?
I'm an exhibitionist, I get off in public like this anon
I don't really have any reason to add anyone from this thread, anon.
https://strawpoll.com/polls/eJnvv8wz1nv
He says after he was begging that femanon earlier in the thread for her discord.
BESIDES that person, I don't have any reason to add anyone else in this thread.
Yeah. Sure ya don't champ.
Not namedropping but he often gets called narcissistic on here by people. I thought we stopped talking on OK terms, but what he told me right before we did was kind of messed up and he immediately backtracked on it when I pointed it out.
idk what to call what i have with this one girl from here, but she's lovely
Okay, I know who you mean. Sophie from the /mbti/ threads.
man ttv/2no1_ didnt win the knife from any csgo cases. anyways remember to drop ttv/2no1_ a follow. I heard he got some big news to drop tmr. one that concerns the safety of all of /r9k/.
Make a coomer thread about ryona and the like and you might summon her.
my crush does not frequent this board so i am safe!!
I knew it wasn't you. The change up in post style and lack of image were obvious. I figured I'd play along with them though. Tee hee.
Every Femanon that willingly speaks to me pretty much.
That is definitely a problem.
Fuck the OP
Yeah this waitress girl with smelly feet who posts here
Got any pics of her? Doesn't need to be the smelly feet.
What was she like? Im curious
Nah. I've seen her toes but didn't save anything
No, but he actually does have some things in common with him. Sophie drama was the reason I stopped looking in that general.
lol same. What kinds of similarities?
suck my dick you ugly whore
Huh? Why so hostile to OP?
you are my r9k crush now
hey, i was sleeping. hope u didnt join the harem
Based on what I've seen in MBTI, both:
are simped over by people who get upset if people talk negatively about them
used to blog a lot 
have weird offline activities 
can cause an argument/topic to shift in threads if they come up
have a dedicated person who dislikes them, remembers everything they've ever said on here &amp; brings it up in threads
enjoy the attention they get from here
get mad when you argue against the gimmick they go by
Is it Tranny-kun?
Two /mbti/ regulars? Huh. 
Sorry if I got in the way of a general that you otherwise enjoyed. I don't really post there anymore and haven't posted much at all since January, so would that help your motivation to go back there? There's still plenty of drama, though - it's a generally toxic and hostile environment and every single thread has bickering and hatefulness, with or without me.
Out of curiosity what is my fimmick and what 'weird offline activities' do you mean? If I'm not doing farmwork I'm just relaxing at home with anime, Youtube, and vidya.
Oh yeah, and even though it would be nice if I had a lot of simps, all of them are just being ironic shitposters. Your guy's simps were a lot more genuine I'm sure.
I think it is...
Hhbhhhj
i y'all niggas saw my face u'd be crushing cars and shiet notevenjoking
I have no idea what that means, but I'll agree anyway.
means im the cutest man that ever spent time on this board
I'm really sorry A. I just had trouble communicating my thoughts because I'm really retarded as you know already. I wasnt using you for attention I promise I truly enjoyed the time we spent together. I hope this gives you some kind of closure and that we are still on good terms
Speaking as an outsider, your post explains and conveys nothing and probably fails at granting any degree of closure. You said one thing the situation isn't, but never explained what it is. That aside, just be his friend again. Bittersweet goodbyes rarely give closure, just bad memories.
Speaking as an outsider, your post explains and conveys nothing and probably fails at granting any degree of closure. You said one thing the situation isn't, but never explained what it is.
I'm being a little vague on purpose to not reveal too much. I dont want her to think stuff that isnt true is true, I dont mind being antagonized but I feel like I need to rectify false statements at the very least.
That aside, just be his friend again.
wouldnt that be worse, the crush is one sided I think it might just hurt her more if I just stick around, it's best if I leave and let her move on you know. I just want to do what's best for her I'm genuinely bothered by this and wish I could just fix all of this.
i have a crush on iris but i think she doesnt reciprocate
no one has gave me a (You) in this thread so i'll just post again ;_;
i have a crush on any femanon who would send me feet pics and enjoy the fact i get so turned on by it but not many fembots like that it seems
Here's a (You). The reason they probably didn't give you one before is because that's gross to the point that it could be assumed to be a joke.
but it's not gross, it's cute if they like it
I understand, but I still look back &amp; feel like I was being lied at in order to save face. 
You told me we were friends when earlier you said we didn't even really have a bond and you see girls online just as entertainment. Then you ask me to give you check-ins on how I'm doing. How do I know you've changed and aren't just using those other girls for the same thing, or that this persona you put up isnt a facade to fuel your boredom? You tell me multiple times that you lack empathy, but then try to say you care about people from here and want to help them. Then you say that you don't like certain categories of people but still talk to them now to where they call you a friend.
i never said i'd be his friend, post where i said that exactly anon. all i said was maybe and i'll think about it. my issue is i would be friends with anyone who asked but i feel like that would get too complicated especially when i want to stay semi anonymous for the fun of it
godspeed anonkun
this is so true
what is this poll of? i didnt click it
phew that is good to know
i understand, anon, it is hard when you have lack of interaction, every gesture feels 10x more important and stronger than it should
anon why would you say that to me!
this is true, mashallah
this is not a letter thread get out!
are you the one who always posts about iris on my thread?
Maybe catatonica. She seems nice and down to earth. I've talked to her a number of times. I wish I could talk a little more...
You tell me multiple times that you lack empathy, but then try to say you care about people from here and want to help them.
empathy is the ability to share and understand feelings, im not good at that as you may have noticed. I still care about the people I interact with
You told me we were friends when earlier you said we didn't even really have a bond and you see girls online just as entertainment
I was just coping, I knew I had to stop talking to you to stop hurting you and I was telling myself this to soften the blow, I'm sorry if it hurt you but just know that I wouldnt talk to someone all day for 3 months if I didnt care about them.
I understand, but I still look back &amp; feel like I was being lied at in order to save face.
it wasnt a lie I promise. It's been eating me on the inside ever since we had to seperate our ways because I felt like I could've been so much clearer, I'm really glad I could have this chance to at the very least answer your questions or worries one last time
no but i have a 4chan crush and i super hyper mega love him soooooo much
he does not reciprocate
meet new person
they are very flirty for a few weeks
chatting every day, things going well
ghosted out of nowhere
I don't know how you guys talk long enough to establish romantic feelings. I hate people more and more every time this happens and it has never not happened.
There's an italian boy who i unironically love because he has the same interests i do, but he ghosted me. If you are reading this, please come back
Wh...who? Can you give us a clue?
i wish i had one femanons seem like the type of people i could get along with
i don't think he uses /r9k/
he lives in florida but he isn't from there
I'm sorry if it hurt you but just know that I wouldnt talk to someone all day for 3 months if I didnt care about them.
But you still do the same thing to other people. You still entertain girls who have feelings for you both real life and online and talk to them everyday. One of which you don't even know how you feel about. 
It's been eating me on the inside ever since we had to seperate our ways because I felt like I could've been so much clearer..
Is it actually or are you being told what to say? If I'm thinking realistically here, you have a lot of other people you talk to, and more important things to worry about than some girl from r9k who doesn't live anywhere near you. In any case, goodbye again Z.
me too
femanons have got it goin on
I don't know... not necessarily? Sometimes feelings cool down over time. Generally I think it's best to let the person themself decide. Don't fprce a separation that isn't desired or needed.
Would you prefer to be friends with him again? This might be the last time you find each other, and I don't want the opportunity to go away. Maybe he'll be friends with you again if he knows you want that? Is that something you'd want?
I used to, well it developed beyond a crush into love as we got close over the years.
I remember he would sleep over at my place, the whole weekend. We would play video games and watch movies far into the night. We played F.E.A.R and he was laying on my bed, tucked in behind me with a pillow half across his face, I asked him if he was scared and he said he was just sleepy. He was a poor liar. He would always fall asleep before me or I would wake up before him and I could just watch him sleep for hours. It was comforting. I've never felt anything like that for anyone ever since.
It just wasnt meant to be.
The strawpoll is asking how we feel about you.
this is true, mashallah
shukran
iris on my thread?
i dont obsessively post about about iris so i dont think so but depending on what the threads were about i might have commented something who knows.
There was a guy in a vocaroo thread once I talked to about movies and plants.
He has a beautiful voice and sounds so gentle and articulate I could listen to him for hours. Yeah, I miss him.
I've still not managed to get my hands on the films you recommended. My head's been a little flustered from moving, but I will get around to them soon, I promise. Assuming this is who I think it is.
That is horribly saccharine, but in a good way.
yeah I rarely get to talk about it so whenever I do, it gets a bit sentimental
its a cute story anon. im sure you can feel that way with someone again one day
mentally ill troons.
Leave... this place.
God I wish I could crush your pathetic little adam's apples
am op and im literally a female, you dipshit. i have a deep hatred for trannies. also ive probably been here longer than you have newfag
WHY NOBODY HAS LE CRUSH ON ME!! NOT EVEN ONLINE PPL REEEEEEEEEEE
I'm a cis male, though.
I will be masturbating to OP tonight.
why though, anon???? all i did was post an anime girl lmao
*has sex with you*
I want to see you go to korea and experience seeing so many koreans. It would make a great mini documentary lol
