bros can it really be as easy as "just don't eat"? should I cut out everything besides water for a while? I have low self control and really like cherry coke but I need to lose some lbs
No. I won't.
Eating nothing will be harder than doing minimal exercise and eating slightly less. These is especially true if you have low self control like you mentioned. There are calculators online for calculating your daily calorie needs to maintain weight(fat cells require energy to maintain themselves so the fatter you are, the more calories you need to stay fat) and thus you can just plot out how much you can tolerate as a calorie deficit for how fast you want to lose weight.
Also losing weight super rapidly gives you a lot of loose skin.
Exercise is a meme. An hour's exercise is like one biscuit of calories. You can go a week on just water then you should probably reintroduce smaller portion sizes. Keto can help suppress your appetite and get to eating &lt;1k cal a day easily. That should be your goal. I've lost 10kg before just by eating 1k cal of McDonald's cheeseburgers every day.
apparently I could lose 2lbs/week at about 700 calories a day. do you reckon that would be a difficult thing for someone to manage? I guess if I discipline myself it could work out. I'm wanting to lose at least 20 lbs, ideally 30. the truly difficult part would be maintaining it after I've reached my goal weight but if I'm able to commit hard enough to get to that point at all then it should be fine
keto seems interesting. thanks for the response. I think I'm gonna attempt what you've outlined
probably wont be doing this though. but the fact that it's even possible is funny to me
when you diet healthy food will start to taste good because you're so hungry. that'll make it easier, because it's apparently more filling.
in the end it's willpower, but willpower doesn't actually exist. you just have to care more about losing weight than your hunger. that's all. once you start making excuses to yourself and compromising, you're fucked.
personally i find it just as hard to diet at 1500kcal as dieting at 700kcal, but people will swear that it doing low or med restriction results in binge eating more than high does. not in my experience but i'm the minority.
Get yourself used to the feeling of hunger. It's really not that bad a feeling, it's just your baser, primal urges kicking in. For a huge amount of people for a huge amount of time, we never knew when or where the next meal was coming, so we needed constant motivation to find it. Most of us are no longer in situations like that, we can get food whenever we want. Your stomach is telling you to get food, but your rational brain should know better. You aren't going to starve. You aren't going to die. Don't eat that entire packet of biscuits.
700 calories is definitely doable, I'm sure you can manage it. Honestly if you want to build discipline though then working out helps with that. Discipline is principally built by delaying gratification and the more unpleasant the task you're doing to get said gratification, the better it tends to be -- usually. Building up a bit of muscle mass will help you maintain your weight too.
For exercise and burning calories it helps to know how energy is used. Something like sit-ups won't burn a lot of energy but it will be tiring/uncomfortable for anyone just starting it. Walking will burn plenty of calories and is something far easier for anyone to do. There are calculators for figuring out how many calories you'll burn per unit of distance walked/ran too. If you're on the heavier end of things and walking a bit faster then you can expect to burn 500 calories an hour or more.
Do some kind of drugs or something, idk. Fat people seems to be made happy by eating and when they stop gourging they become bitter, miserable cunts.
If you haven't dieted much before 700 calories may have you feel hungry a lot, and if you're not used to that, can lead to temptation. When you're hungry, drink 1-2 glasses of water. Most hunger pangs are actually calls for hydration since the average person gets most of their water from food.
Cut out soda if you haven't already and learn to cook. You can make a huge stew that will fill you up at about 400~ cal a portion, with lots of meat and other tasty items inside. The food jew is that all fast food has fuckloads of sugar and fat making their calorie counts explode but taste good. Resetting your sugar tolerance will change the flavour profile of some foods and you'll find non-sugary things more palatable in time as well. When you control your own meals you can keep calories low but still super tasty.
I can see the logic behind this but I guess ultimately it really might just depend on the person. you make a good point about healthy food as well. the last time I tried doing a calorie deficit I became more than happy to eat whatever I could get my hands on, even stuff I previously wouldn't have bothered with. greens mostly, cuz even though I do like them I usually will opt for unhealthier shit 
I appreciate this advice. I do struggle with ignoring the hunger pangs but I think all the suggestions I've been given in this thread so far will be helpful. I might try to supplement with some light exercise as that one anon said. I hate to say it cuz it's a super fatass thing to say but removing soda from my diet is gonna be painful... I will do it regardless though! 
I have no desire to do drugs but that's a good point to make. I am a miserable person overall, but I would rather be miserable and healthy than miserable as well as fat. the serotonin boost I get from eating is significant but I can give it up. that boost only lasts minutes anyways. I shouldn't be too fundamentally changed as a person
Some people respond well to going cold turkey, cutting it all out at once, but many don't. If your soda of choice has caffeine in it, the withdrawal of that can actually be quite painful. Yea, I know that sounds like a fucking joke but really, you'll probably have bad headaches for a few days at least. Remember that weening yourself off by limiting your intake of whatever unhealthy thing might be the better choice, before slowly making your way to cutting it out entirely.
Whatever you choose, godspeed, anon. You can do it.
Soda is liquid sugar. It is all calories, calories, calories. Drop it for water and not only will your tastebuds thank you as other things begin to taste better, you'll find soda disgusting after not having it for a month or so.
thank you for the encouragement bros. it certainly isn't something I should have as part of my regular diet even if I wasnt looking to specifically lose weight since it offers nothing good. I'm sure after being off it for a while it'll lose its appeal. in all honesty I may just be drinking it out of habit rather than the taste. water is just as nice anyways. I appreciate y'all taking the time to advise me
How do people struggle with such a simple concept. Calorie in, calorie out. Drink and eat whatever goyslop you want, just burn those calories. Go for a jog or get an indoor bike/treadmill if you can't be seen outside
Do you have a garden you can work in? Yeah dieting is cool and all but unless you're supplementing with something else it's very hard to do. No snacking, stop eating as soon as your stomach says you're full, etc.
With exercise you can still pig out a little.
