women never have problems
being incel is the ULTIMATE FORM OF SUFFERING
How do you get this out of touch with reality?
having had and recovered from a highly fatal illness, i can say that it was less awful than being a lonely man. simple as.
implying this woman has real problems
in reality she can sit in front of a webcam for 8 minutes and get 889,000 people to watch it
oh how traumatizing
She may have cancer but she actually got to LIVE life. Like fuck off. The average man is alone rotting in his room or waging without any pussy or chance at a house and family.
She may have cancer but she actually got to LIVE life. Like fuck off. The average man is alone rotting in his room or waging without any pussy or chance at a house and family.
I know somebody who is dying of cancer right now. She is literally screaming for the doctors to kill her day in and day out. Here's a dip for you: that "passed peacefully away" shit in obituaries is another example of society being full of shit. Terminal illness is literally months/years of torture.
If it's so bad why she making a fucking pity video
Here's a dip for you: that "passed peacefully away" shit in obituaries is another example of society being full of shit. Terminal illness is literally months/years of torture.
good
My dad died of cancer, but he fought it for a year or two. Still that dude got more pussy that I will EVER get (0) and he lived a much richer life than I EVER will. I'd take his life over mine in a heartbeat.
The average man don't get pussy? Damn, these incels are more deluded every day
Not much difference between getting a crumb of pussy once every 6 months and getting nothing at all
dont engage it, you can tell by how it types that its a woman and its malding and on its period. it is dishonest, so do not give it attention.
Well, people actually have a lot of sex, even average men, you don't get because you are an insufferable pussy
cancer
problem
Women have such amazing lives they see cancer as a great evil instead of a ticket out of misery. Eat shit and die faggot.
Every day I wish I had cancer so I could leave this fucked up reality.
She has cancer because she's weak and she deserves to die. That's something no one will ever tell her. Back in the oven, jew.
you are wasting your time, women arent interested in hearing the truth.
Obvious bait but, how do these two things even compare, and who make this assertion? Comparing a terminal life threatening genetic mutation and inceldom is like trying to compare being killed in a car accident and depression.
Ok, femoid. Usually I just rape one bitch a night. Tonight I'm raping two, just for you!
its crazy though. You could probably track down this roasties Insta profile and objectively PROVE that she has lived a life most men can only DREAM of living.
I don't think you get it. The point of anon's comment was she actually had years of her life where she had some sense of normalcy in her life. 
I know if I had years of experience just grounding and pounding girls left right and center. With a plethora of rich complex life stories attached to my name , where I can reminisce about the highs of my life when I am low giving me the energy to recreate these highs again like a self-fulfilling sustainable cycle of pure dopamine. I sure as hell wouldn't mind getting tortured or dying of terminal cancer because I already had experienced life. This girl only had a ounce of what the ultimate form of suffering that incels endure and yet she complains. She doesn't have the experience of being a outcast her whole life or suffering for years on end from crippling loneliness. She does not know what it is like. Whether or not she desires our empathy is up to the individual to decide 
I'm sure a guy he had many highs in his life wouldn't mind dying early as the saying goes : "live fast die young".
889,000 views
I'm taking bets on how many views we would all get, combined, if we all made such videos.
Women literally have no problems retard. Average men do not live like this in 2023. We're all just atomized, isolated in wage slavery or rotting. 
Just Look at this bitch. She actually LIVED.
has friends and traveled
Average man don't do that?
average normal men yes. Average incel, good luck with that.
I have chronic pain. I'm being tortured too. I don't even have an impending death to look forward to, like someone with cancer does.
But I'm an incel with zero life experience. Hmm.
Typical middle-class bullshit you see on social media. The amount of times I got fooled into thinking people had a similar life to me only to find out that they lived in the highest echelons of society is numerous. They wear baggy clothes or try to look poor but the social media posting just shows their true nature.
she had a lot of sex throughout her life and I haven't had any hence her life was still more worthy
had a lot of sex 
Its deeper than that. More sex, larger social circles, more experiences, better quality of life. 
That woman has NEVER been deprived of any basic needs. A short high quality life is much better than a long life of isolation and toiling
Incels can have cancer too and we didn't got the chance to have an exciting life before it
A short high quality life is much better than a long life of isolation and toiling
couldn't have said it better myself, better die from cancer at 25 as a normie than live till 80 as a fucking subhuman
We have a social cancer. Atleast you can get a pity from other people with real one.
Not english
My great uncle had cancer. He lived for 20 years in a hospital bed completely paralyzed and barely able to speak. Some forms of cancer are quite literally the worst ways to die, it is genuinely so retarded that assisted suicide is illegal.
Everyone gets cancer dipshit. This is a poor attempt at saying women have 0 problems. Hell breast cancer gets far more funding than prostate cancer. Again, women get it easier than men on average.
While I agree with you, one common criticism towards us bros is, "why is it always about sex?" How do you answer?
Wonder what her diet is like. I just recently learned that diet plays a big part in your chances of developing and surviving cancer.
How do you get this out of touch with reality?
Too much internet.
this
she could suicide
women have forced me to suffer for no reason but to satisfy their own lust. Because of this, I never got a chance to live. anybody who hasn't been lonely for decades has no idea what true suffering is
compare cancer and inceldom
that's the most women thing i've seen in the last hour
How do you get this out of touch with reality?
By browsing negative echo chambers all day and everyday. This board is a cesspit
Every woman I've ever known pretty much had almost everything in life handed to them on a silver platter.
This board is a cesspit
Wait fr?
true, she got it from HPV
Sex is a basic human need. Social circles are also a need. In 2023 Something like 1 in 3 men have at most 1 friend. And As you get older you won't even have that as social circles begin to degrade and you can't create new ones because all social groups are heavily gatekept these days.
It's more than just sex. Her entire life is orders of magnitude richer than the majority of men.
Why is it always a competition? This is some "Children are starving in Africa" type argument. Sorry, you suffering emotionally doesn't matter because people are fucking dying. You can reduce everything into not muttering with arguments like this. This woman got to live a life, there are babies with cancer so she shouldn't complain.
Incels also get cancer retard. What do you say to a guy that was never liked but also got a terminal illness?
You sre just saying that if you don't have cancer you can't feel bad at anything in life which just makes women entlitement just worse.
Most humans are thought the love is the ultimate goal in life, that being from a parent, a friend or a lover, and you are probably similar. Incels were thought an image that sex and a lover are the ultimate goal in life, that is how they see happiness. Now imagine that you were never loved in your entire life, nor by parents, friends, lovers, and it feels that you are the only one to be like that, how crazy would your mind be? 
That's incels.
Probably because she's on the first stages of the illness.
having a severe illness as a female:
You get support by complete Strangers
having a severe illness as a male:
All female non relatives and some males cut contact with you because you aren't useful anymore
Recovering from stage 3 cancer was more easy than recovering socially from being a "useless" male - no matter that it wasn't my fault
Imagine using a young person diagnosed with literal cancer as a way to minimize someone else's suffering. Oldest trick in the book and constantly used by low empathy foids, try harder
women cancer sufferers will have friends and family all making their last days wonderful
male cancer sufferers will die penniless after futile treatments and alone because they always were losers (poor genes leading to cancer) or their wife/gf left them.
don't care. i have suffered way more than some stupid bitch with cancer. women will never have my sympathy or respect.
Found this. Men are more horrible person, as usual than atention whores. Why are we like this? 
In a 2015 paper, researchers tracked 2,701 marriages using a study on health and retirement and watched what happened when someone became unwell during a marriage only 6 of cases ended in divorce.
But that same study showed that when partners leave, its normally men. One study from 2009 found the strongest predictor for separation or divorce for patients with brain cancer was whether or not the sick person was a woman. That same study showed that men were seven times more likely to leave their partner than the other way around if one of them got brain cancer.
https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2020/mar/30/the-men-who-give-up-on-their-spouses-when-they-have-cancer
Ok and you did nothing to change your loneliness, must not have been so bad...
the men didn't leave 
the foids got cancer and decided that they would rather spend their remaining days riding chad cock instead of being married to their ordinary husbands, so they divorced him. the statistics don't count who asked for the divorce, just that one happened.
I don't think people with brain cancer are all that interested in sex, that shit fucks you up on a deep level
Literally anybody can get cancer the difference is she will be surrounded by her loved ones in her final days if she doesnt recover from the cancer. meanwhile if an incel got cancer we would die alone staring up at the ceiling lights as our only form of company. this is why I dont want to live to old age as an incel. imagine being on your death bed and nobody comes to tell you everything will be okay and that they love you
pussyfreeness and loneliness is worse than cancer
Life is fucking depressing man, imagine being an incel randomly getting cancer even though you have healthy fitness habits and still just dying alone forgotten by your family in a few months and the world moving on. Why hasn't the cure for cancer been found yet? It's been so many years these fucking kikes are so useless.
thats why I plan on roping when I get a deliberating illness. no way Im waiting it out and dying on my own in some hospital bed surrounded by no one. even the thought of that makes me want to rope
this is so fucking true 
even women with no instagrams or social media who post on here have lives that are a hundred times better than mine
Studies show loneliness is equivalent to smoking 15 cigarettes a day
B-BUT MUH CANCER WOMEN!!!!
Men have higher death rates, treated poorly, more likely to get ill and higher substance abuse. No matter which way you spin it men have harder lives by FAR. This bitch doesn't even look like she suffered in the slightest, her cancer likely isn't serious.
some people are just incapable of that retard.
you know what, I'm convinced, OP. For all my problems in life at least I don't have cancer, and will probably outlive that foid by decades. lmao she has cancer.
Makes me feel a little better about my life.
Who the fuck is Jessica Brock? Sucks she has cancer but why the fuck do people always come here and expect others to know these random ass YouTubers?
OP was probably surfing the Internet and came across the video
be 1% of youth that gets cnacer
get Patreon flooded 10x than any boy who gets cancer.
women lifemog men while simultaneously having no expectations placed upon them and will still cry that men somehow have it better than them.
university of Guelph
fucking garbage, man
Women: mad
you can't complain because there are people who have it worse
the real message is "there are people who have it worse yet they're still live. keep living, it's never over"
outlived another one
yeah bitches
i went mad
it's great
everything's great yet also with peepeepoopoo when needed
also I really enjoy talking to myself and peeking out of the windows
Hey baby, I bet you're probably kind of weird looking because you're on r9k but guess what... I kind of like that
I'm just here for the weekend, I'm normally a stud, listen...
What say you and me get together? No, we're not going to the movies. I was thinking more like I show up at your place with a twelve pack and a box of Intellifuck and go to town. I'll fuck you upside down like a bat, I'll spin, I'll whirr, whatever. I'll try anything once.
Twice if you're lucky. 
Think it over before you say anything. The only thing you're going to be saying once we start is "MORE!" and the only thing you're going to be thinking is "fuck, I should have Scotch Guarded the couch." 
In the meantime, take this, I made this, it's unreleased so you're the first one who gets to see it. Lucky you, right?
she has already lived more than i will in 100 years
I've seen GWAR
If you're the cancer girl by the way sorry you have cancer
Don't worry too much about dying
It'll be all like 
RESTART
CONTINUE
END GAME
but even then you just return to menu
Who invited Chat-GPT to the Party?
traveling around and taking selfies is the pinnacle of life 
anon. get a fucking grip lmao.
Now there are real Robots here. Strange.
Shut the fuck up you filthy foid. I gotta go back to my wagecuck job while you party,travel, pop pills and ride Chad cock 24/7.
I'm not Chat-GPT, I'm an irregular flesh and blood MAN, baby
I know you're upset because you think you're dying, but my uncle was just on a ventilator after some bullshit and he got off of it and went home. Guy's like 60, has had lung cancer for ten years, what the fuck, he's like a roach
I had an ex whose grandpa had lung cancer forever too, he quit chemo and just started eating an all-natural diet and he's still kicking
you'll be fine, but if you ever need emotional support or physical touch, I'll be here for you
listen, you clearly want to talk about stuff, I'm right here
I'm an old soul, I know all about dying
Sorry for the diminishing quality of the dogs, I'm running out
For instance, it is actually a myth that hair and fingernails continue to grow after death
Phone calls, though, tend to taper off
When I die, I have requested a Luau themed wake with a Tiki bar vibe and no less than two hula girls
The actual funeral will have a short Catholic mass followed by my body being dressed as a clown and fired into a brick wall from a giant circus cannon 20 feet away
I'm out of pseudobeagles
You guys are clearly retarded an have never met someone with cancer. That shit is a slow, miserable death.
Yes, modern women are fucking annoying. Yes, being a permavirgin-incel sucks and is constant suifuel.
But cancer fucking blows too. I don't get why suffering has to always be a goddamn competition with you all.
Also worth noting that male-specific forms of cancer have even worse survival rates. Not like this is some women specific problem that only foids whine about.
Life, no one gets out alive
Statistically, no small number of incels are going to die from cancer
Hope they've read Meditations enough, they'll need it
Me, I've been dead for six months. 
This is a construct that I have spoken to and trained to act as myself, right down to the dog photos.
i'm dying because i bought "treatments" from the very same people who gave me cancer in the first place
1 whore who fucked a bus of chads in her lifetime is going to die soon
Welp. Pack it up guys. Incels got totally dismantled today. Increasing population of guys who will die without having sex is now no longer a problem.
cope
media that is popular with women is full of stories of women who try to find meaning in life through sex with chads which is exactly what happens when they face an existential crisis after learning they have cancer.
misleading studies make us try to feel sorry for these women when it is clear as day what has happened through history. before women were given the power of no-fault divorce, families were the norm. after that families are now the minority, some 70% of millennials are unmarried and even fewer have started a family, it's likely to be worse for zoomers.
breaking up a couple and destruction of families is distinctly a woman thing, and I will not be convinced otherwise.
Why hasn't the cure for cancer been found yet? It's been so many years these fucking kikes are so useless.
why don't you apply your big ubermensch whitoid brain to it? why do you need kikes to do it for you?
then cancer wasn't that bad, and the OP woman is bitching and moaning for nothing. simple as.
This is you.
You have been muted for 16 seconds, because your comment was not original.
dangerously based as cliched as it is to say. Better to have a rich life cut short than a long drawn out and miserable one.
