i watch normies have fun enjoy their life etc etc and im just like i wanna do some serious damage to society
same, but dont die after a low effort trolling like these guys did, keep going
you must be 18 or older to post on this board
im 20 bro 
(original comment)
You are seeing things from your dysfunctional perspective, the same way we all do.
Not that my comment will help you in any way as we are all blinded by our perception, the people you think are normies having fun could well be faking it and trying to hide their fucked up lives that you never get to witness. Some people are so good at hiding their true pain that on the outside they look normal but inside they are one smile away from complete collapse 
See if you can see others through a new perspective that they also hate their lives and are carrying baggage that is crushing them
okkkkk dude, if you had at least one normie friend youd know that their problems are shallow just like their lives
The people I think are normal can have awful lives, I knew this guy who had what you could say was a perfect life, Wife, Job, kids, money, business. I was told that his wife was BPD and suicidal, everyday she would call him and scream at him to drive home and empty the kitchen trash. she would tell their kids she was leaving their dad and making them cry and act out. She said if he left she would kill herself
Looking at this guy he had everything 
(that is one and I've seen this happen to a lot)
and why should i care about him if he didnt stand up for himself at the very beginning and didnt act like a bitch
it's just an example of people hiding their problems, if any of us were in that situation I expect a firm slap to her face and no more heard of it. But Everyone I've thought was having a perfect happy life was hiding the real pain, I guess you could say the world we see truly is fake, well online at-least 
Well thanks for the chat, you helped me today
take care online stranger
ooh wow, dude. what a heard life. I can't imagine having an obsessed girlfriend that screams at my face for talking to another girl. now try being a 20 year old loser with 0 friends, 0 social interaction, and 0 experience with women. Normie "problems", are nothing but a badly told joke
normie "problems" could be easily fixed by the guy just not being a shallow pussy retard to begin with
