I'm about to meet up with a trans woman for sex. What should I expect?
Sex I'm guessing
A masculine physique and at least three STDs. Enjoy.
ya probably this one op. but maybe just a nice time showing each other around the area as well. if you're visiting each others home state
Just be sweet and give them lots of love and affection. My usual strategy is to just start with snuggling to break the ice, then groping and pressing against them until you're both horny, then move on to more lewd stuff.
You're going to constantly recognize male features. If you aren't gay it's going to be off putting. If you are, you won't care. Expect some shit on your dick and really awkward and unsexy moves. Trans people are typically very inexperienced at sex considering they're viewed as untouchables by many people. It's not gonna be great. It's up to you to make the most of it.
Also you'll have to figure out what to do with their dick. Just ask them after you get going.
Feel free to ask me any questions. I'm a fag so I've been in both positions.
definitely wear a condom anon, and use lube if you're gonna do anal. frotting, blowjobs and thighjobs can also feel really good tho.
why do people always say this, like assuming you're with a normal person who has basic hygienic wouldn't this not happen? I'm virgin so idk anything about this type of stuff
A man dressed as a woman
Dick
Considering that you are a robot you have a 1-incher so expect to get TOPPED
jk have fun
Even with a healthy diet you still need to flush your anus most of the time. Even when I'm expecting to have sex and taking supplements to encourage perfect bowel movements I'm not perfectly clean. The rectum doesn't completely empty out most of the time.
say one does not eat for like 2-4 days beforehand, is it safe to assume then there will be none of that
safer to just wear a condom so you don't have to worry about it getting on your dick. otherwise you can have them do an enema. those are your options.
Despite what porn has led everyone to believe, anal is not a natural sex act and there will be shit without proper prep. Even with a healthy diet, it is unusual NOT to have some residual shit up in the ass.
I think you underestimate the extent to which shit just gets everywhere in nature. even some animals do anal sex, they don't care lol.
Just order a little bulb enema and do it thirty minutes before.
Are you gonna let her top you?
I wasn't aware of a bulb enema, thank you, I likely won't ever have sex lol ,just curious
Well if you ever want to try shoving something up your ass there's a tool to make it a little cleaner.
Prep your asshole.
He's going to have a bigger dick than you, and you know the rules.
sometimes it's really cute to watch big dick girls flop around as you fuck them.
