I did it bros. I took a gamble it actually worked.
lol, we, the modern human male, are truly pathetic
ehh. I'll believe it when I see it. you shouldnt have asked her to pick the movie. good luck tho.
W mans, gl anon.
It's over.
Talking to women is like trying to navigate a minefield
Handcuff and chain her up when she comes over so she can never leave you anon (she's not showing btw)
Why's she texting like she browses here?
why can't women pick anything? and you suggest a thousand things and they say no to everything. so fucking annoying.
You can pick whatever movie you want
Most women are laconic with their texting. I'm not tripping about it. I used an appropriate amount of words.
This is the rest of the messages. I think it's a done deal unless she ghosts me tomorrow.
You should pick Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron though
Most women are laconic with their texting. I'm not tripping about it. I used an appropriate amount of words.
This is the rest of the messages. I think it's a done deal unless she ghosts me tomorrow.
Or Fern Gully
Most women are laconic with their texting. I'm not tripping about it. I used an appropriate amount of words.
This is the rest of the messages. I think it's a done deal unless she ghosts me tomorrow.
You can pick whatever movie you want out of those two
Most women are laconic with their texting. I'm not tripping about it. I used an appropriate amount of words.
This is the rest of the messages. I think it's a done deal unless she ghosts me tomorrow.
Oh look, I already have it downloaded
Most women are laconic with their texting. I'm not tripping about it. I used an appropriate amount of words.
This is the rest of the messages. I think it's a done deal unless she ghosts me tomorrow.
Why? I provide the location, she provides the film. I want to see what kind of person she is.
Thanks. I'm surprised she didn't flat out reject me. We've spoken for a total of like 90 seconds over the course of many months. We both like alternative/grunge/punk rock though.
Imagine paying for films outside of a theatre. Couldn't be me!
Only if she consents.
What do you mean?
She texts like an autist is what i mean
Her absolute lack of any emotion or enthusiasm seems like a problem. I don't see this going well.
she probably has an experience like mine
I am 22 and done doing anything proactive ever again when it comes to men unless I am first pleasantly surprised by his proactiveness
This is either faked using one of those programs that can generate text conversations
Or 
She's going to cancel on you and is just taking the path of least resistance to that being giving minimal answers and then later making it seem like something came up
OR
It's a prostitute and this is an elaborate way for you to ruse us all by making it seem like this worked out for you in the end by posting pictures of you in bed with her later
Ideal texting style.
Yeah I noticed that too, but maybe that's just how she is? I mean, if she has no interest whatsoever then why would she come over to my apartment alone? Surely she knows the implications? 
She told me to my face today that she has nothing going on this weekend so if she flakes on me I'll know it's bullshit. Regardless, it wouldn't be the first time I got ghosted. I sent the first message fully expecting to get rejected or get no reply, so I'm already prepared for anything negative that may happen.
I hope meteors cleanse this planet of human society
sure, let's both just dwell inside then and not be proactive then. because I am done with it and won't show any of it with future guys because they will just think you're an idiot.
nice job bro don't let these faggot robots bring you down
not even trying to rag on the dude, but the effort disparity in those texts is a bad bad bad fucking sign
I get this but it'll scare the hoes
Herbs
She is a total slut. I can tell from her texting style and response. This is nothing to her, half the class has already abused her holes.
your text buggles are fine, you're initiating the plans and everything. Theres not much she could say other than say yes or no or ask a short question. Especially if she barely knows you
it's not going to go anywhere OP. speaking from experience. 
I don't want to drag you down, but come on. she's probably going to cancel, saying something came up.
hes initiating. women like that. Hes making plans. women like that
God you are pathetic. You simpcuck subhuman. You desperate omega.
sometimes its just like that, especially if shes autistic or shy. if she really didn't give a shit she'd say shes busy right off the bat. i say you gotta start somewhere OP but don't do a crazy move the first time, you'll know stuff is going well if shes up to hang out again
she obviously doesn't give two shits. it's not going to happen, calling it now. post the inevitable thread of you getting dumped/stood up tomorrow and crying about it on here, so we can laugh at your desperation.
Dude, no one cares that the bitches name is Miranda.
dude she sounds so disinterested. top kek
Oh yeah bros I forgot to tell her that the only TV in my home is positioned in front of my bed and I have no intention of moving it. We will have to lie right next to one another on a full sized bed to watch the films. I wonder how that will go?
She knows!
Thanks bros. I feel like these robots are praying on my downfall.
I am a professional hoe-scarer. The hoe who can endure the full force of my autism and be unscathed will become my wife.
Idk anything about her past besides the fact that she has an ex, just like almost every woman past age 18, and that she's been single for a while.
Hey man I'm just trying to maintain her anonymity, but you fucked that up already so whatever. 
WHY ARE YOU GUYS HATING ON ME SO HARD? I'M JUST TRYING TO BEE MYSELF AND STEP OUTSIDE MY COMFORT ZONE.
Yourself while not showing us how you get pussy you fucking mornalfag
No one is going to be able to dox her just based on a first name and nothing else. Are you 13?
Holy based adopting this philosophy. I'l start looking for a wife once I drop the neetlife
WHY ARE YOU GUYS HATING ON ME SO HARD?
because normalfags don't belong on here
i hope your not circumised anon
What do you mean? I explained in this thread that I've barely even spoken to this woman.
It's out of respect and in the 0.0001% chance that she actually browses this place.
I've never been a NEET. Been working full time or a student since I was 15. Good luck man. There's tons of career routes out there paying good money, just find one. I'm sure you will. Don't let mental illness hold you back. It couldn't stop me. 
Fuck you faggot the average content on this board is about as entertaining as watching algae grow. This is OC and I'm not a normalfag to begin with.
this nigga talked about pirating to the hoes its absolutely over
Fuck you faggot the average content on this board is about as entertaining as watching algae grow.
Yeah, thanks to threads like this.
You show an active interest in asking women out, how the fuck does that NOT make you a normalfag?
Inviting her to your place sounds really extreme, because is like a fucking thing which may be weird, I would have invited her to a theater first.
But I happy it worked out anon! good job.
Unfortunately I am Americut. Parents fell for the Jewish psyop.
They simply must know that I be skirting minor laws to obtain free entertainment. Strong relationships are built on trust and the truth.
Asking out girls makes you a normie
lol. lmao, even.
Yeah I know. She's either way more direct than I thought or she doesn't understand the implications.
reminds me of this meme, but good luck anon, she seems chill, maybe you can smash
Sorry man, even if you have sex you cant have a true orgasm. You're just doing/feeling a crude immitation of a true orgasm/sex
good luck though when she comes over. try not to be too much of a sperg. you will be fine.
That might be the point. Maybe she's got some issues. It's fine if she comes over but if she's a mental case then, well, that won't be fun.
not reading the thread, but good on you, OP. even if it doesn't work out, at least you made an effort unlike 99% of this board.
keep it up and don't let yourself get discouraged by the naysayers on here.
well you might get some pussy
BIG ICK
