You guys ever were victims of stalking?
no, but ive stalked people both online and irl. none of them had any idea they were being followed
Fuck you you piece of shit
yes. i am stalked by clandestine groups on gubmint payroll.
helicopter, cars, men with eyepatches, for 10 years because i called a certain former blk president a naughty word on 4chen
Some dude sent me a dickpic on Telegram. Did some research and he tried to call me multiple times in the last 2 years or so but I never answered or called back, he also got my number from some WhatsApp group but I don't know which one. Anyway I told him that I hate faggots and would beat him up if he ever approached me irl, then blocked him
No i am the perpetrator.
of what crime am i guilty of? i didnt do any harm, did i?
Looking back, my ex friend who was infatuated with me probably was stalking my ex boyfriend out of jealousy. 
I'm probably still being stalked now by another ex as well. And creeped on by an ex bestfriend that is kind of bisexual for me. It gets weird.
Never been interesting enough for anyone to bother
I wish somebody cared enough to stalk me
No, but I've done my fair share of quasi-stalking. Mostly non-intrusive personal doxing for my own curiosity. Not just foids either.
yes (I'm a male btw)
Yes, but they are retarded and do not have any conclusion or serious objective.
you made my life miserable, glowies. you could never handle the pressure of being gangstalked.
i am stronger than u
I used to stalk a girl when I was 12 I was too autistic to know this wasn't socially acceptable or productive
Trust me you don't.
Most stalkers tend to be batshit insane and never see the things they've done wrong, it's always others' fault.
You'll just get in a world of shit
I've never been :( I'm sure it would be cool to have a guardian angel
i stalk people whenever i get bored. youd be impressed by how sure people are that they cant be attacked suddenly, windows open even at night, its funny.
i don't have good english, but i wanted to tell that i think someone has stalked me, when i was 17 i aggregared an account named perlamuu in instagram, and we talked only 1 time, i said something about how this chinese music in general have imposible to complete collection, i didnt talk to much people at the time and it mean a lot to me how respectful and insightful was this girl. Anyway, the weird thing that happen is that i was toying with the time in the movie Adaptation 2002 and like freestyling with teorys while i was thinking about talking to her, i did and i asked her age, made some small talk, and she said she was 15. i was very sick mentally i think because i been seen alot of simbolism in art in general about people not giving a fuck of being pedo, and when i saw she was 15 i couldt believe it, i mean what she said was so profound it was unreal, i started to freak out, like i think i was being frame and tried to be tempted with this shit, so i said that i was uncomfortable with her age, the acoount gets removed, and my instagram starts to put this horrble images like full of small characthers,and i know that i didnt trip this shit out, some messed with my instagram and all i want to know is why since i didt want nothing whit this bitch. there are more details but i think this is it
i don't have good english, but i wanted to tell that i think someone has stalked me, when i was 17 i aggregared an account named perlamuu in instagram, and we talked only 1 time, i said something about how this chinese music in general have imposible to complete collection, i didnt talk to much people at the time and it mean a lot to me how respectful and insightful was this girl. Anyway, the weird thing that happen is that i was toying with the time in the movie Adaptation 2002 and like freestyling with teorys while i was thinking about talking to her, i did and i asked her age, made some small talk, and she said she was 15. i was very sick mentally i think because i been seen alot of simbolism in art in general about people not giving a fuck of being pedo, and when i saw she was 15 i couldt believe it, i mean what she said was so profound it was unreal, i started to freak out, like i think i was being frame and tried to be tempted with this shit, so i said that i was uncomfortable with her age, the acoount gets removed, and my instagram starts to put this horrble images like full of small characthers,and i know that i didnt trip this shit out, some messed with my instagram and all i want to know is why since i didt want nothing whit this bitch. there are more details but i think this is it
meds
i know this is you too iz. it makes me sad you deleted the other thread. if it makes you feel any better i never used your name in those vocas i was posting for a while
My mom would stalk me every time I spent time with someone, and randomly at school. Was extremely uncomfortable, although probably the least shitty thing she did.
In 5th grade this dumb ugly girl was stalking me all the time and the teacher had to come in and tell her to fucking stop.
I had a couple notifications a few years ago of one of my high school friends accidentally liking some very old Facebook posts of mine.
The main one was also a high school friend who came out as gay and he was messaging all of my friends, telling them to "stay the fuck away from anon, he is mine" and sent some very nasty messages to my girlfriend at the time and asking very invasive questions like how big my dick was and was I good in bed, very fucking weird guy. I confronted him with solid enough evidence and he didn't deny anything and asked me out. I told him to stay away from me and everyone I know and I got messages from his family calling me homophobic and a pollution, they became very quiet when I sent them all said messages he sent to me and everyone else. I occasionally see him in public sometimes, he is considered a loner and no one ever sees him with someone else.
it's not, they tend to be ugly and fucking weird. Imagine just minding your business and some femcel comes up to you and starts listing your shopping list from the other day. happened to me before.
The issue comes in when they start storming into your "safe spaces" and you can no longer feel comfortable where you felt it was your home.
It sucks so much.
