1234 i declare an alcoholic suicide mission numb the pain
Ever considered the fact that maybe pain is not a bad thing? It is trying to tell you something so that you may analyze your situation more deeply. Pain is the greatest teacher.
I need a fucking drink so badly man but I know how much it destroys my stomach I'm scared of getting gastritis or pancreatitis or some shit
Depends on the pain, what if it's a slow growing unnoticeable pain like a frog in boiling water. By the time you realise how much of your life you fucked up, it's way too late. 
I don't think pain is the greatest teacher if you are not normal or lived a normal life. For those that have something to look back on to give them some sort of hope in life, then pain can be a great teacher. As it tells them that they had a better life this is temporary and they just need to push through. 
If you life is one of constant unending struggles where you can't catch a break, good luck with that. It is at that point you just want to numb the pain and give you some relief that you never had. An glimpse of what it is like to have made it before the crushing brutal reality unfolds as the effects wear off.
today was fucking lousy, so i'm poisoning myself again with the funne juice. this is not happiness, only an uneven compromise. the external corrodes my internal, and i stop functioning normally due to my sensitivity. too much confrontational energy, too much anxiety, too much paranoia, and too much fear. i can't flourish like this. i want happiness and love, and i don't think this place can give me any of that. just more external envious energy, that turns into resentful energy, that becomes focused on me, and i struggle to understand why it was my fault to begin with when i offer my best version of peace: non confrontation, isolation, and avoidance because i just don't know how else to deal with this other than hope i'll be loved and accepted elsewhere, but even in that reality, i can imagine myself struggling. my head is wrung round in tight loops because this energy doesn't pass through me. i absorb it, and it becomes part of me. 
i still have dreams, and i know it's foolish when the present moment is all we have, and tomorrow isn't guaranteed, but it gives me a little peace of mind to know that i'm only apart of this vicious cycle by circumstance, and that i am my own person who doesn't need to be caught up in these temporary things because it has been some time since time itself began, and it will continue to be some time until time itself ends.
cheers
