Is there any hope for him?
isn't that the kid from up?
Literally 95% of boys born after 2000
What else has the world offered us?
literally all you have to do to enjoy life is not be a manchild who playes shiteo games
So nobody is going to talk about how he's using his keyboard?
My 19 yo brother does the same so it didn't even shocked me
ignore female, pursue joy
my little chink is already winning
holy shit wtf I just noticed it, is this mental illness (the keyboard not me)
I kinda wish I was born just a few more year earlier. Imagine being one of the only sentient ambitious men in his generation, imagine all your peers are stuck in a genjutsu in front of a screen 16 hours a day like complete zombies. The world would be your oyster, you could fuck women just by the virute of not being a fat video game zombie, you could get jobs because nobody else would be working, the real world would be freed up to do what you want because all the beta losers just stay inside all day.
Imagine being one of the only sentient ambitious men in his generation
There's a reason why the entiere generation turned into this
Mostly because of a strong economy. The next generation will have to go back outside.
There will always be outliers. Going by basic probability there is some decently attractive sociopathic 120+ IQ zoomer out there that doesn't play video games and just studies and grinds. The entire world is basically for that man's taking, who is going to stop him?
who is going to stop him?
Older guy with the same grindset that are already here before him.
older guys are incels with no brains.
He'd be more likely to network with those people than fight against him. Funny enough, Freemasons are actually having trouble recruiting young people right now.
what ambition? fuck bitches get money?
Legit anything you want. Beta losers remove themselves from society, AI does jobs, world is your oyster at that point.
You didnt answer my question retardo.
2023
strong economy
Lol, lmao
At least his sister gives a shit. 
To what end, to get pussy? Being a glorified wageslave working 60+ hour weeks in high finance just to fuck a hot girl once a day is a completely dogshit deal. People are finally catching on. Women have never demanded more and given less
just seems kinda pointless.
Am I the only one that notice that his sister looks like the type of girl who sleeps with white men?
I feel sorry for his family
damn that kid won in life
At least his sister gives a shit. 
Please, she is just indirectly mocking him in front of the world. She looks like a whore too. Either way most young boys/men got fucked over.
Absolutely
His sister is clearly BWC-only. Her family should be proud.
At least his sister gives a shit.
She gives a shit so much shes recording a funny video for her tiktok about it so her followers can laught about it.
video games are addicting but people eventually get over it.
I am pretty much this dude, a fat asian but instead of Valorent, I played TF2 and Fortnite for 10+ hours fragging and improving my aim and neglecting everything else.
Got bored, moved out, don't got much time to play and when I do I always felt shit. 
Eventually moved on to something else like cars. Got to work on it and made some friends too.
I do admit I have random bursts of playing, but it eventually dies out in like a month 
(I don't like trying out new games)
There's something inherently funny about the fact that they destroyed every other outlet for people and then start to mock the only form of escapism, when they finally make going innawoods illegal videogames and work will be all I have left.
white men
White chads maybe.
Cool story bro. I live in a depressing shithole where theres fuck all to do, no opportunity for entertainment or work, literally 3 fucking dingy pubs, betting shops and fast foods. The people here are soulless brainless mouthbreathing cattle who repeat the same words everyday. The nearest city is an hour away and thats a fucking shithole too full off crackheads niggers and pakis.
The people here are soulless brainless mouthbreathing cattle who repeat the same words everyday.
Reddit moment.
Being a fucking nerd is cool now anyway, because it's what everyone does, these are the new normies, they are not really ostracized. What is his sister doing? Also online, just on another platform where she farms attention. Living in ze pod, playing video games, binge watching anime and tv shows, posting and doomscrolling on social media, talking to discord "friends", it's all getting more and more normalized. It's not like the powers that be have any interest in changing this. People being inside, consuming things, physically and mentally weak from inaction, these things are convenient.
Not saying women is all it is bro
Cars and motorbikes are my last rush of dopamine now
be such a lazy fuck, you have to rest your whole fucking arm on the desk to use a keyboard because not requires too much energy
Dude, this kid is going to end up weighing 800 pounds.
Being a pro-gamer is literally his only hope actually. If he doesn't make it like 99% of ricecels, he will have to wage-cuck as a doctor and work 16 hours a day for the rest of his life.
DT-990
No
Isnt that a kid?
Imagine the sheer fucking magnitude of the rift between these two sibling's lives just because one was born an attractive woman and the other an Asian male in what is presumably a western country. It's over for that poor kid, and she's probably been railed by 50 white Chads at the time of that video.
That's how zoomers use their keyboards for gaming. I think it t started with Fortnite because some players used their thumb to press the bottom row of keys (z, x ,c, v etc.) and it's easier to do at that angle which makes some sense because that game has a massive amount of keybinds you need efficient access to. I guess zoomers have started copying this and doing it for any game even if it doesn't make much sense, unless you need a lot of bind in Valorant, I don't know. Some people say it's to preserve desk space as well.
I bet you're more boring than the people you look down on.
Nope. That was me as a kid with WoW and it ruined my life. Now the same is happening to my nephew with Fortnite and I've told my sister about it and she doesn't care. He will end up here if nothing changes. Sad.
Opportunities don't suddenly open up for pussy once most men rot in front of computers. Women decide who fucks and if you aren't Chad your not getting shit.
Men are PUSHED cope with games and porn because there are no opportunities anymore
I doubt it. I resonate with him. You're probably a soulless NPC as well. Higher IQ people always seem "boring" and "weird" to low IQ simpletons. But we think the same of you. We simply cannot understand each other on a fundamental level, because you lot are content with sitting around all day chugging beer, eating burgers, becoming obese, and repeating the same dull, pointless conversations ad infinitum. Whereas higher IQ people love to learn, love to grow, and love to be stimulated with new concepts, we need a "purpose" to work toward in everything. So we aren't interested in the meandering conversations you like, so we don't engage, so we seem "boring" to you.
zoomers
turning ur keyboard goes all the way back to the dawn of Quake and CS LAN parties when ppl didnt have space so they'd do that.
get shit tier office job
sit by rentcucks who can only talk about movies, their life situation and grindy video games / the big thing ones
one manlet dude literally repeats conversation points as if he's never said them sometimes (I knew because I pay attention to pass the time)
NPCs are real
underage hands typed this post
Buddy I've got a house, a mortgage, a wife, a full time job, debts, family obligations, and a never ending stream of random shit to deal with. I objectively enjoyed life more when I was a carefree kid fucking around playing video games. If you think life gets more enjoyable with the more 'adult' things you have to do you are in for a rude awakening. The most enjoyment I get out of life anymore are those rare moments when I have the house to myself for an hour, the time I spend by myself on bathroom and lunch breaks, and the occasional sex 2-3 times a week. Because life isn't about enjoyment its about responsibilities, and as a man responsibility is going to be piled on to you right to the edge of your breaking point.
love to learn, love to grow, and love to be stimulated with new concepts
That anon is complaining of no opportunity for entertainment and work (and seemingly a hobby) and denies his one "opportunity": a European city.
also
full off
What is his sister doing?
Showing off her face and cleavage in the hopes of enticing some 6'2" White chad into fucking her a few times.
TF2 and Fortnite
what the fuck kind of combination is that
what year were you born lmao
Jesus that yellow bitch is fucking hot. Probably has only ever fucked rich white gigachads.
1998 but stopped playing in ~2020/2021
you know people still play TF2, right?
it's "dead" but not dead-dead (out of service)
Entertainment like going out with mates. Not much to do around here and not many interesting people
How the hell do you make friends just liking cars? I've got a 500bhp rwd AMG and i haven't made a single friend. Granted I don't go car meets but those are gay as fuck and always full of ricers and hot retards with their anti social 200bhp 4 ganger Golf gti
My life improved the moment I began taking up hobbies that aren't video games. There's still time for you to right the ship.
Can you anti video game Redditors go LARP somewhere else. You are literally posting on probably the biggest loser website (and board) on the internet, yet you're here pretending you have a life? 
Just fuck off man
I have a soft spot for this place since I related hard with it as a teenager so I still occasionally drop by. Enjoy your misery echo chamber man.
Enjoy your misery echo chamber man.
You're still here so I can say the same to you. Stop kidding yourself man. You aren't enlightened or cool now since you stopped playing video games. I work full time, just came back from a 3 weeks trip to Japan and currently playing games right now. I enjoy playing games and I can bet $5,000 my life is more fun than whatever you're doing right now. 
I just don't have to pretend to prove it like you do on an anonymous board.
i dunno, the people i know with stacy older sisters who didn't bully them ended up being chads.
in fact i went to school with one tubby dude who played games all his free time until he turned 16 and either started roiding or had complete chad genetics because after working out for two years he was ripped, had low bodyfat and chiseled jaw.
will this happen to this guy, or even is it likely for tubby gamers in general? probably not.
the last 10 years were probably the highest growth in history besides the 50s.
I feel like we probably believe the same thing but I came off as much more of a wide-spectrum dick when I didn't need to. I still game, but it isn't the only thing I've got going on. I mostly hate the notion that there "isn't anything else for men" in the world. 
Your life sounds pretty great, and while we're always works in progress I also really enjoy mine. But you're right that that doesn't give me license to needlessly shitpost.
I wanna start muay thai but im terrified of people
Wish I knew what it's like to have a sister
Yeah it's car meets, autocross, and >>>/o/.
I live in America where cars are a necessity so the car culture is bigger here.
Mercs are a pretty niche community but I think you can extend it with BMWs and Porsches.
Yeah I understand if someone plays games 24/7 and doesn't go outside but man, life can't be a party 24/7. You need downtime. I'm not a teenager anymore anyway. I did all my clubbing days taking MDMA and wondering how the fuck I even made it home. I'm 31 now so I kinda value the days I get to myself chilling on vidya instead of working 50 hours a week or doing house chores.
Sis is M A D E for BKC
Porn proves this wrong though. If this were true why are people jerking off to like 300lb gender bent sonic the hedgehog feet?
jup, and in female porn the guys always look the same.
Shocking right? It turns out that stereotypes all come down to female projection. They really do ruin everything.
its just comfy as fuck nigga quit hating
not even the person who made that believes in it
this entire video was just an excuse to show off her body in that new outfit. what a fucking attention whore.
like i get it if it was just a little tilt but the mother fucker has it parallel like what the fuck that cant be comfortable at all especially for valorant
started as a csgo thing because pros couldnt get enough mouse room at LAN so tilting their keyboards that way gives you more mouse space. people that played csgo at home started doing it for mouse space or some because it's different and cool. 
cant believe their something that I know more than a group of people. i feel like a god
lmao what a glowie psyop thread. nopussy nowork notaxes
Lttle zoomer is enjoying his early years and you're seething over this.
Yeah, Valo is shit.
Yeah, he will get no pussy.
And?
The world nowadays is fucked and extremely gay. There's nothing of value society could offer to this boy.
So he's just chilling until everything collapses. Very based
Lol that kid definitely grows up to get egirl pussy. Look at the wealth
I hope, money isn't everything.
video games are addicting but people eventually get over it.
yeah, after they wasted their entire teenage years and a chunk of their 20s when they could have put some of that time to doing something more tangible and productive
why cant his stupid WHORE SISTER just leave him alone? why does the opinion of someone who has fucked at least 20 guys even matter?
that girl exists by the thousands in orange county
What board am I on again? You've got better ways to kill time apparently, normalniggers
I'm happy that the fat Asian car guy managed to turn it around. My life is a lost cause but I don't want everyone else's to be.
why do parents allow their sons to sit like couch potato's behind monitors all day instead of learning life skills or sports or something? 
All these problems start with the parents allowing their kids to throw their lives away.
could have put some of that time to doing something more tangible and productive
laughingbender.png
They're probably both (if still together) too overworked to care
If he becomes a pro, yes. If not, no
Man I miss playing games. All I do now is work. It's not that I don't have the time, it's just I don't really feel like doing anything even though I want to. I need a change.
meanwhile his sister
Wait, is that really her?
lmao what is her instagram?
Please post the IG good sir.
I wonder if this is true, I always thought it was just me.
Parents today buy their kids headphones that are more expensive than the consoles we got. Crazy
lmao. she can eat those YT bois for a snack. only a real Korean Chad can give her what she needs.
Yeah I'm sure the fat asian manlet would slay if he improved his personality and grinded. Kek what is this cope he plays vidya because he's subhuman.
I don't think this kid is old enough to remember csgo times.
"chubby Azn nerds can't ascend into ultra-Chad! -ack"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Uj05QFrWHc [Embed]
AH HERRO DIS A CHING CHONG DING PONG LING LONG
I AH STRONG ASIAN WOOMAN. ME LOVE YOU LONG TIME. ME SUCKY SUCKY. I AH WANT AH WHITE BABY.
