My trans gf is the cutest girl on /r9k/ and nobody can convince me otherwise
you and your gf are annoying cunts who heavily contribute to the ruin of this board
Hm.
Anyway,
I'm going to the gas station for some snacks.
What do you anons want? Sweet or savory, anything goes. Drinks allowed too.
Yeah not quite lol.
Jalapeno styled cheetos.
So you prefer BBC threads?
Salted peanuts and a glass bottled coca-cola but bottled works too
Sour cream and onion chips. Ooh and sprite, maybe 7up. Ty anon.
based keep it up btfo of these losers and their shit threads
Beef jerky and a beer, please.
post pics of your gf please
She could use another few hundred.
Maybe when we're in mehico together.
a hershey's chocolate bar
my trans gf doesn't post on r9k which automatically makes her superior.
Is she a /tttt/er instead? That board is on-par with tiktok in terms of intellectual discussion, vapidity, superficiality, delusional beliefs, or is she a non-channer?
Yea can I get some salt and vinegar DIscos, a can of Dr. Pepper and some Wine Gums? Thanks.
Aha trick question! There are no girls on r9k. Good one!
There's like 3-4 trans girls on /r9k/ and lots of cis girls who attention whore.
found her on okcupid, she's aggressively normie, plays MMOs and makes AMVs.
Will do anon
Don't mention it, it's a pleasure
Thank you fren, so no snacks?
A classic, I got you. Any certain brand of beer?
The first pure sweet toothed anon to reply
Why of course, no problem
Where's the superior part?
can you pls stop at mcdonalds and get me a burger
Me n my bf are the cutest couple on r9k! We are a shining example for all the fauxbots out there to be inspired by!
Yea can you hurry back, those guys are talking again and we need to get this thread back on track.
i have been craving sunflower seeds all day
i agree
OP, on one level, I fucking hate you, on the other I think you and tranny-kun are the cutest couple I've ever seen. I don't even know if it's real.
Anyway I ran out of alcohol and I'm kind of irritated. A pint of rum gone. I have a whole night left.
I am tranny-kun, though, despite not being the trans one lol. We are real and I'm glad you think we're cute.
Whichever, you come so paired, it's hard to tell if it's not a single roleplayer's dual romantic personas. 
That'd still be an upgrade from most of the shit threads on this pathetic board now, don't get me wrong. 
Cigarettes, yellow american spirits
I know it's not a snack...
I need my fix
Why do you post everyday about this? It's like you are trying to convince yourself that you actually like "her".
Corona
Thankfully we're different people. We both posted our right hands once.
She asked me to make a cute thread.
Why not message it in direct messages if you love it so much? No one on this board cares if you are dating a gross man larping as a woman.
Well, he's certainly got the attention seeking aspect of being a woman down pat.
No heroin today chaotic?
If the case of the two posted right hands ( which I haven't seen, but i've seen referenced) is accurate, you two are pretty adorable. Good luck. Fuck normies. I'm gonna go pop some benadryl and smoke more weed.
The whole board should know that she's the cutest ever &lt;3
She does like feeling loved and appreciated like most people.
Thanks anon.
Ice cream please!!
Why do you have to do it in public? Is it some weird fetish where you have to gross people out to get off?
I do like upsetting /r9k/ chuds, but I think cute threads are fun and cute, too.
One burger from mickey dee's comin right up
I will go as fast as I can anon
Based and seedpilled
If it's ciggies you want then ciggies you'll get
You got it
You scream!
I scream! 
We all scream for ice cream!
What flavor?
BASED
Kill yourself. You're a faggot and he's not a woman. He has no eggs or ovaries and will never pass. Enjoy your future diaper wearing boyfriend after all the ass fucking you do to him you necropedophiliac fuck.
Mug Root Beer and some pizza flavor combos
spbp
sour skittles
Should I take an extra 100mgs of benadryl tonight? It's friday after all ive kind of earned it but liver aches constantly now
Are you okay? She's a cute girl, btw.
you should take dxm instead desu
If he's so cute according to you then why aren't you showing him?
Is that you, Iris?
Go fuck yourself. I don't have any DXM that isn't paired with toxic levels of acetaminophen. Also, fuck you.
Doritos and mountain dew so that I can game properly.
Even 9/10 girls get bullied here. I don't want anyone to insult her.
based king could you get some choccy and some 'za? frozen is ok
alcohol is gross and people who drink it are gross
why do you hate me?? what did i do... i just wanted to talk
I'm pretty sure you are just jealous of OP
Only trans women get bullied on here, nobody likes trans women. It's like buying a fake product, everyone wants the real thing, not the fake one.
retard-san...
I don't actually hate you, I'm just drunka nd out of booze and pissed. sorry. 
You're fucking gross, on top of being a bitch. If you aren't even open to slamming hobo wine or 40's for an evening, I don't wanna fucking know you.
Chocolate chip cookies and coffee
op bullies me non stop and so does his gf, and they try to brag to people here who dont have it as good as they do. even when i begged him to stop being mean to me he continues
Y-You didn't even gave me a proper response.
FUCK YOU ANON
donuts if they have them
I know who you are with that brown fgo bitch. 
You will never be a woman you fucking indian tranny whore. You've passed your prime, too. Cope all you want but you're in your 30s you ancient Indian troon.
False lol.
You could've found love as wholesome and pure as ours if you didn't slut out.
shit im sorry i didnt knew that buddy
FUCK OP THEN
well ok.. sorry. 
im so sad bleh i miss when people were nice and would talk to me. i wonder why it all changed up so fast, i miss it so much
Anyways, stop being a faggot and find a real woman, not some cheap imitation.
White Claw and La Croix
But she's my little qtpi forever dough
Yeah he's your "little qtpi forever dough" until he starts uncontrollably shitting his pants because of all the anal sex you had with him. Then you'll realize you made a mistake and leave him.
You realize that's all just a meme, right? She already likes diapies, though.
You realize that's all just a meme
It's not a meme but it's actually real you can look it up.
So you and him are both pedos?
It's not real, dough, and liking diapies doesn't make you a pedo
Cookies and cream ice cream, Mr. Frogman
Diapers are associated with babies and ageplay so yes, you're both disgusting pedophiles that need lead to the head.
that is like saying that having 20 guns inside your house doesn't make you american
Diaper fetishes are pedophillic
Disgusting pedophiles, the both of you
No wonder the Mio poster likes you guys, he's another known pedophile that posts here. An avatarfag to boot
Don't worry she doesn't really wear diapers. She'll wear a cute maid uniform and maybe a puppy suit.
Wait, really?
Well mio is a quasi-loli.
So you're also a zoophile? Disgusting. As you can see everyone agrees with me that you're a pedophile. The tranime you post further backs up this claim.
Am I a fructophile if she wears a tomoato suit instead?
Go to hell pedophile, I'm glad Retard-san can't reproduce and I hope you never go near kids
Piece of shit pedo
Yes, check the archives. He was a regular in the r9k loli threads and would talk about the things he would do
Not necessarily but most people who wear fur suits usually have a bestiality fetish. Again, the tranime only proves my point.
Being into diapers doesn't imply pedophilia. Y'all are unhinged
It does, what do you think of when you think of diapers? If you answer anything else but babies you're either lying or are delusional.
AGAIN; It's like saying that you are not american while having 20 weapons inside your house
Yes it does you fucking pedophile
Diaper fetishes are pedophilic 
Eat shit you child molester, you make me sick
He'll be eating shit from the diaper of his trans gf.
Of course he's delusional, this only further proves it
Pedo
She's my (diaper)baby, that's all I'm thinking, but not a literal baby. She doesn't look like a kid lol
Yeah it's a grown as man pretending to be a woman. But why do you like him in diapers, you haven't answered the question.
HOLY SHIT
We don't actually like diapers, guys. It's just a funny in-joke and she brought it up first. I'd much rather see her in cute lingerie than diapies.
You literally said you and him like it. You completely backtracked LMAO TRANNY BTFO'D
Guess I troled you lole
Oh, how great, we're at the "my fetish is less degenerate than your fetish" stage of the thread.
*pedophile
Get fucked pedophile
Yeah my fetishes are way too degenerate to actually say in a thread lmao
the only person who mentioned their fetishes is the pedo in the thread
What the fuck dude. You're fucked in the head.
A beer, ty, anon, very kind of you
Wow. Just wow.
You are sick.
Why does my bf keep insisting I like diapers
If u keep saying that I will tell them ur secret
Pedo retard
The being top one?
