Lmao Why is white male suicide so hilarious?
I'm a white male and don't have the balls to kill myself I'm miserable all the time.
Wish I could join them
White men need war to feel happy,
No war, start to want to die
I think it is time to invade some POC counties and feel alive again
They jumped from BBC porn, to child abuse, to white male suicide. Non white are seething.
Nobody gives a shit about us white males. Im not a nazi or racist but now i understand why some robots are. If hitler had won the war us white males would be living like gods
You ran from the last thread you fucking coward
Post hands NOW
Friendly reminder ricecels lead suicide statistics and niggers are savages killing each other.
Death to jews too.
dont worry, i wont kill myself
ill stay alive to witness the apocalypse caused by ai
you too will get humbled soon enough
and, as lorde put it, o i will be laffin
Stop running from your threads
I want to see hands + wrists fag
90% of those who suicided had a mental health condition
what? i thought the mantra was that everyone who suicided was mentally ill and needed help? are u telling me not everyone who commits suicide is mentally ill?
fuck off, fag
just google guys with sexy hands
if u want chad just go to a dating app
t. seething self-hating white boy who desperately wishes he wasn't white so he keeps posting white male suicide threads
Post hands where I can see them
be weak
promote culture of weakness
being weak is a fashion statement.
Personally, i support suicide because it means the mentally weak are gone from this land.
OP is a disgusting spook, a moon cricket, a darkie, shitfaced, shitskinned fucktard 
He is a welfare rapebaby coon and a portchmonkey 
The fucking shadow Lost his mind and needs some (you)'s 
Don't give them to him
still coping with the fact that white males make up 70% of all daily suicides despite being 32% of the population and society doesn't care 
still coping with the white death rates surpassing already declining white birth rates 
still coping with the fact that your grandparents died (or will died) for nothing 
lmfaooo sorry anon but nobody will ever care about white male suicide. Asians in particular are extremely happy when asked about the declining white population lmfao seriously nobody cares.
That's nice white boy but two problems
1 is that the number of people who think it's a good thing are roughly even with people who think it's a bad thing and most just don't care
2 is that I didn't ask for the same statistic you keep posting over and over, I told you to post hands
Now comply you self-loathing cave goblin
Dude please get over yourself. Being brown is not the end of the world and your burning insecurity is driving away women. That is what you're upset about right? You're upset because you think white men steal "your" women? 
If thats such an issue for you just go back to your homeland. If you're gonna be this upset about it then you don't belong wherever you are. Go back. For your own sake or get over it
What is hilarious about it? White men usually do things best.
Why is white male suicide so hilarious?
It isn't funny, but I guess Jews like you have some racial commitment to hating White people so it's funny to you.
Asians in particular are extremely happy when asked about the declining white population
I guess it really as simple as blaming Whitey, even abundantly clear who's terrorizing Asians the most.
The media is actually guilty of blood libel deserve to be sued out of house and home for their reporting on the 2022 anti-Asian crime wave.
anons still seething because Asians don't care about the declining white population and white male suicide 
Kek you love to see it
Hands fag
OP's a Jew with a genetic hatred of White people until proven otherwise.
OP needs to post his adam's apple
I'm Jewish and have met tons of Jews and have never come across a single one who even dislikes white people. This is just some bizarre /pol/cel cope.
