Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.
uhhh.. edition 
How are you doing today?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
Any plans for today?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
Why did you hurt yourself?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
A long list of self harm aIternatives (thank you muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7
first aid post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/
wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic
bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
that picture is an... interesting choice. can't say i object, though...
I know this thread is perpetuated by the sick trannies from that discord server who enjoy fucking with /r9k/. Seriously you people are demonic and you need to stop.
I think the best thing you can do is cover them with clothing or use waterproof bandages although they're pretty noticable
Hi I just noticed that my gf has scars on her thighs, why is that?
Is it bad? Why does she do it there?
How did you notice them? was it accidental or is she comfortable walking around with them exposed next to you? 
She cuts on her thighs becouse it's easy to hide them and she doesn't want anybody to see them
I want to caress them but not encourage her, is that bad?
I think I understand, you want to make sure she knows that it's okay and she can be comfortable around you without encouraging it 
I think what you should is tell her about that
also remember that cuts aren't what you should really be concerned about, what you should be concerned about is the reason why she's cutting herself 
sorry for the late answer
yeah I know hehe, I used it because it's the 69th cut thread
oh mann I forgot to greentext this part
i gave it some thought since muddy mentioned it. if i had to go swimming i'd probably go for something like a wetsuit. you'd probably still get asked about it, so i don't know if it would help in the way you wanted. 
nice
how was your day?
It was nice, today I went to the garden to chop up some wood for a fire were going to make on Monday, also I thoroughly cleaned the brakes on my bike 
not much else happened other than that 
And how was your day? did you have fun with your friends?
also I thought about prog mixing me up with someone else yesterday 
and so I think maybe I should start namefagging to avoid something like that in the future
I only ever swim wearing a full wetsuit these days
I went to the garden to chop up some wood for a fire were going to make on Monday
chopping wood can be really enjoyable when you get in a good flow. is the fire related to the holidays?
also I thoroughly cleaned the brakes on my bike
taking care of your gear is important. i wish i could get into biking. or at least have a reason to own one. i like the idea of a minivelo. 
And how was your day? did you have fun with your friends?
honestly, i was a bit annoyed throughout the day. started fairly late with our training so we couldn't do much else after, so we settled for working on some miniatures. nothing really went how i wanted today. 
good choice, i think. i never was much of a dudebro, but i went with "catbro" because i felt -anon and -poster was a bit too neutral. /cat/ it is, then... feels weird. guess i need get used to it for a while. /cat/...
hey, hoonianon! long time no see! well, i saw your post the other day and i think in the other general, but was too late to post each time. sorry about that. you talked about your favorite book, didn't you? silverwing? anyways, yeah... i don't go swimming at all, these days. which is a bit silly, since i helped my parents to set up a huge pool in the garden last year... can't get over myself in that regard. ^^'
how are you?
slowly being destroyed by the bpd... keep drifting in and out of complete breakdowns over my favourite person. it just had to happen during a depressive episode too so it's worse... even he's said the symptoms are really really bad this past week and a half... i feel bad about it. 
i wanted to get a car and my licence again, but i'm stuck in feeling like nothing will ever change no matter what i do and i'm scared of failing the driving test again... if i have a car then i can visit him whenever i want and just go have little lunches or walks in the park and not be so anxious he hates me because he didn't respond to a text within 5-10 minutes when i really needed the confirmation he doens't hate me and cares... i wish i didn't feel so defective...
Hi bpdhoonianon 
It's nice too see you again, regarding what you've written a couple of days ago, at the time I was asleep and couldn't reply to it but I replied the next day, idk if you've seen it 
Just wanna let you know that you're appreciated here 
is the fire related to the holidays?
kinda, nobody has to go to work that day so some family's gonna come over
My dad's gonna grill some stuff and later in the evening were will make a fire 
minivelo
never heard of them, I looked it up and now I want one too lol
nothing really went how i wanted today.
sorry to hear that, honestly when it comes to plans involving other people they usually never go how they're supposed to
I hope that despite that you still had some fun 
don't worry, you can call me anything you'd like, catbro, kittyposter, whatever
as long as I know you're talk about me it's good
i see, i see. sorry to hear that you're experiencing such a bad episode. 
even he's said the symptoms are really really bad this past week and a half... i feel bad about it.
what did he say about you? you sure he wasn't just acknowledging how you felt? i don't think you need to feel bad about it.
i wanted to get a car and my licence again, but i'm stuck in feeling like nothing will ever change no matter what i do and i'm scared of failing the driving test again...
how many times did you fail? i flunked my test once. i went to driving school with a guy who failed... how many times was it... 16 to 20 times? still not as bad as the guy who thought it was a good idea to have some liquid courage before the the test...
if i have a car then i can visit him whenever i want and just go have little lunches or walks in the park
sounds like a plan and i'm pretty sure you can do it. 
he doesn't hate you. and you always can come here if you need someone to talk to. i'm just always so happy to have you here and i'm sure it's the same for a lot of people.
My dad's gonna grill some stuff and later in the evening were will make a fire
that's nice. reminds me of a friends birthday last year. we sat at a firebowl and roasted some marshmallows and made smores. quite some of them ended up anakin'ed, though. you should make some, if you can.
never heard of them, I looked it up and now I want one too lol
they are pretty cool. better suited for cities than a big bike and more stable than a folding one, but they were hard to get when i looked for one. maybe i'll give it another go. i really liked this one:
https://tokyobike.de/products/calin-ashblue
I hope that despite that you still had some fun
yeah... was alright. complaining can be fun too. and i did have some strawberries today, so it wasn't all bad. (^-^)
kittyposter is a good one as well, maybe i'll use that for a while... (*.*)
but catbro is such an established brand for me at this point, that it's hard to let go. ..
thank you, catanon
just twice... feel things will stay the same because worried he doesn't feel the same way about me so if not then it's pointless... thinking about him every waking hour. if I could just get a car then that should dull the anxiety because then can visit whenever and that should stop me from feeling like such a wreck when I can't see him... that's healthy thinking? I've been so mentally unwell for so long I don't know if this is a healthy solution or not
i wanted to get a car and my licence again
hey don't worry about that test too much, you'll pass it eventually (easier said than done but) just don't give up and keep on trying 
I failed my driving test once and then I failed again lol but eventually I did manage to pass it, same will happen to you even if you might feel otherwise
that's healthy thinking?
idk, but it certainly seems responsible, taking matters into your own hands and doing what you want to make yourself feel better, I think that's a step in the right direction 
What's not healthy is how dependent you seem to be on that person
but I know nothing about relationships so I have no solutions or advice I could give about that, just an observation
just twice
that's not so bad, is it? what's your problem?
feel things will stay the same because worried he doesn't feel the same way about me so if not then it's pointless...
what exactly do you feel for him, if you don't mind the question? 
it's hard to say, really. if being near him helps to calm you down and makes you feel better, then it's reasonable that you want to be close, but i don't think we should seek for a solution for our problems in other people. at least i've come to this conclusion for myself. maybe it's the way for you.
you should make some, if you can.
I might make some, I actually never had smores 
i really liked this one
looks sweet
kinda looks like a normal bike with some small wheels and a longer headtube
If they're so hard to get maybe you could make your own one, get some old frame, small wheels and some other parts
I mean I know it's easy for me to say because I know my way around bikes but I think it's possible 
i did have some strawberries
damn, that's gotta bring the overall day rating up by at least 1 point 
kittyposter is a good one as well, maybe i'll use that for a while... (*.*)
the possibilities are endless :D 
I guess if it ain't broke, don't fix it
I might make some, I actually never had smores
they are pretty awesome. i like mine with some dark chocolate. goes well with the marshmallow. 
If they're so hard to get maybe you could make your own one, get some old frame, small wheels and some other parts
the bigger problem is justifying getting a bike at all. everything is either too close or too far away, so there's no reason to "waste" the money and space to store it. i'd just end up feeling bad about having bought it. maybe someday. you just tell me about your bike-adventures in the meantime. 
I mean I know it's easy for me to say because I know my way around bikes but I think it's possible
i'm just glad i still remember which way to sit on a bike... 
damn, that's gotta bring the overall day rating up by at least 1 point
defenitely made my day.
it kinda is, though. it didn't feel good to use lately. (-_-')
why?
hard to describe... i don't usually use "bro" at all and i thought about why that is and i felt like it is mostly used to keep a person at a certain emotional distance. not too far away, but definitely not too close either and that doesn't sit right with me.
I appreciate that you don't want to keep that distance between us, thank you yuanon
I think it's time to call it a night, goodnight everybody, as always, see you tomorrow ^^
good night. i think i'll stay awake a bit longer. see you tomorrow.
last bump before bed, probably
How are you doing today
Had the shittiest day in recent memory from mental breakdown in the morning to huge argument with my mom that I feel awful about
any plans for today
If I get out of bed tonight Ill play some bloons I guess
when was the last time you hurt yourself
Ive been clean for about 6 months now
why did you hurt yourself
Self loathing. Feeling like I deserve pain. Calmed me down.
Everything in my life right now is just awful and I am majorly depressed
How do I not relapse bros. I literally was gonna cut tonight but I have no razors so I cant
he, kranusanon. i saw you around in a few threads, but i don't think i ever replied to you, did i? 
Had the shittiest day in recent memory from mental breakdown in the morning to huge argument with my mom that I feel awful about
that's rough. what did you argue about?
Ill play some bloons I guess
watched in in some streams. looked fun and the popping sound is really satisfying.
Ive been clean for about 6 months now
that's a good amount of time. hope you can keep it up.
Everything in my life right now is just awful and I am majorly depressed
well, sometime it helps typing it out, so feel free to vent about what's going on. i can't promise i'll be awake if you do, but i'll read it in the morning and reply in the next thread. 
i guess you have to endure and to face these kind of episodes until the need subsides eventually, but i don't know much about selfharm, just about depression and addiction.
How are you doing today?
Pretty meh, I have certainly been better.
Any plans for today?
Not really, maybe I'll draw later.
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Mid-February, probably.
Why did you hurt yourself?
I don't remember exactly, some drama with my ex-girlfriend.
A lot of stuff I'd rather not get into.
I stopped taking my meds in mid-February in what I thought would be a self destructive act, but since I stopped taking them, I haven't self-harmed again, and I've actually felt better than ever in the last few years. I mean, I wouldn't say I'm fine, but I feel a lot better.
Argued about how I missed an appointment for my borderline person disorder clinic and it just escalated from there and I got very angry and she was angry and upset and it just sucked a lot and I feel like a total piece of shit.
Trying to not relapse through cutting though I did punch myself in the mouth a few times after at least not as bad but I had the overwhelming urge to just put my head through a wall so that was the next best thing.
I feel like such a fuck up I wanna sit in my room in the dark and starve for weeks
I think I can finally do it. I can snap out of my depression.
There isn't any happiness. There isn't a "congratulations" to be had. There is a ton of uncertainty for the future, and there's nobody waiting for me but myself. Except that person even then is long gone, and may never come back.
I don't get how I could be loved when I cannot love myself, and struggle to love what I used to be. They deserved a lot, and feel like a completely different person.
I felt like I was loved months ago. I felt like I could kill myself and people would miss me. Nobody would now, not even myself.
So I will keep pushing on and on until I can find that person again, and anyone who has a problem with it clearly does not understand that pain.
And a fucking Touhou song helped me. How disgusting.
You all deserve a hug. I wish I could meet yous and be your friend.
Suicide boy is ok, I'm not the biggest fan.
Hope you all are doing well. You can all make it.
hello, anon. 
Pretty meh, I have certainly been better.
sucks you're having a meh day. hope it gets somewhat better.
maybe I'll draw later.
what are you drawing?
I don't remember exactly, some drama with my ex-girlfriend.
were you still together back then or was she already your ex at the time? and good she's your ex now, i guess?
A lot of stuff I'd rather not get into.
you don't have to. share what you fell comfortable about.
mine antidepressants had "depression" listed as a side effect. maybe your meds actually were detrimental to your mental state?
that seems like a minor thing to argue about or to hold against you, but i know how easy things can escalate. maybe you can put that regret into words and tell her that you are sorry, even if it's hard. 
you are no fuck up. it's always a few steps back and forward when it comes to getting better. it's never a straight path and there will be struggles. there's no need to out yourself down and you don't deserve the shit your are putting yourself through, okay?
i feel you. i'm at a similar point as well. 
I don't get how I could be loved when I cannot love myself, and struggle to love what I used to be.
yeah. that was the epiphany i had as well. since i can't love myself, i can't expect anyone else to do so. who were you before and who are you now?
And a fucking Touhou song helped me. How disgusting.
it's great that anything helped at all, anon. it doesn't matter where it comes from or how trivial it might be. which one was it?
You all deserve a hug. I wish I could meet yous and be your friend.
we are all friends here, but i would love that as well. maybe someday. 
Suicide boy is ok, I'm not the biggest fan.
never read it myself. i just like the characters. i'll post a nice hooni in swimwear when i go to bed, but i'll make it a spoiler. 
thank you, anon. that means a lot. keep going, anon, until you reach who you want to be.
I have just relapsed. going to play some hoi4 now
that happens, i suppose. hope you patched yourself up as neat and tidy as you could. have fun with your game.
The person I was before was a beaten, starved, raped, dragged up kid. No different in that aspect.
The one thing that is different is they had empathy, they cared about everyone. They felt emotion and loved everyone around them, and had a drive to do everything for everyone. Now, I can only do things for myself, no matter how hard or how little.
The song was Bad Apple. Pretty ironic but I guess it will hold a place in my heart now, within time.
I want that person back. I view them as a separate entity from me, yet we are the same.
whoever is struggling, i dont know who needs to hear this
you're going to pull through. everything is going to be okay.
sad to hear you lost that spark, anon. just take care of yourself for now, ok? it's alright. you're always welcome here the way you are.
it's past 5am now for me. i'll get some sleep now. good night, everyone. see you tomorrow. in this or the next thread. 
and to commemorate the 69th thread and the talk about swimwear, pic related.
Hello, /cut/ters, hope you are all having a good day!
I'm starting to make more music. Using a free program called LMMS. It isn't great, but it's good for making music on a (strict) budget. Only other thing I want to get is a good microphone, then I can really make something. Already made a short album worth of material, but about half of it was intentionally grating, while the other half ranges from okay to pretty good, in my opinion. We'll see what I can do.
Hello, bpdhoonianon.
slowly being destroyed by the bpd
Hopefully he understands how you can't help the breakdowns... best of health to you.
Hello kranusanon
even he's said the symptoms are really really bad this past week and a half... i feel bad about it.
Hopefully he understands how you can't help the breakdowns... best of health to you.
Hello kranusanon
If I get out of bed tonight Ill play some bloons I guess
Man I freakin love bloons, good game.
Argued about how I missed an appointment for my borderline person disorder clinic and it just escalated
I can understand about how such a minor issue can cause such anguish, but I imagine it is far worse for you... take care..
You got this anon!
There isn't any happiness. There isn't a "congratulations" to be had.
Well, you have our congratulations. Good luck!
That's good, anon. I hope that that trend keeps going. 
Best of health to all of you, as usual. Feeling normal, for now. I wonder how returning home from college will make me feel? Anyways, hope you all are doing alright. For the 69th thread, I present the album cover of Supertramp's second album, Indelibly Stamped, AKA the boob album.
69 UwU.
1 - neutral, drowsy from staying awake. had a fun time in a game with online people i had recently abandoned in a bad spell.
2 - sleep then catch up on my metallurgy lectures. ttt diagrams and tempering.
3 - damn, how long has it been...
4 - shjgjaiduhigfdkjgsnl.
5 - i'm irked with how fast i recovered from this last wicked low i've had. i feel i did not experience the feelings enough. it's like... being fake to myself? idk, the words escape me.
i'm glad to still see you guys around. :).
current posting theme: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_siJRgDlddY [Embed]
bhummpp aaa
I think he does. He knows my condition and has enough knowledge to deal with it. I've been trying to help myself be healthier about stuff. I'm hopeful that getting a car and a licence will cut down a lot of my seperation anxiety by allowing me to visit whenever within reason, and go out for food or walks with him more. Really just anything would be nice rather than be stuck at the whim of work schedules and shift work. I think that's fairly healthy. As for the other stuff... It's slow and it's painful and I'm still at the whim of my brain freaking out sometimes, but after talking to him and reflecting have realized that I have actually made some improvements over the year even if it's kicking my ass now. Example would be that have somewhat completely gotten rid of the instinctual fear that he hates me- though I do ask if he's upset with me a lot and I do worry he'll leave me, but it's better than before. Small steps... I hope I can make more strides enough can make relationship official since he just wants me to get myself a bit more under control. I want to get better but it's hard at times, especially when having depression induced episode
yo its yaboii coming at ya with the king dick cut technique
I think he does. He knows my condition and has enough knowledge to deal with it.
That's very good. I imagine this helps him be more understanding of the state you are in.
I'm hopeful that getting a car and a licence will cut down a lot of my seperation anxiety
I imagine it will, the freedom of having a vehicle available for driving uplifts you in that sense, knowing you can go anywhere, anytime.
Congratulations in this department, I can only imagine how difficult it is to improve under the influence of BPD, among other things. Serious props for that, and good luck with future improvements, bpdhoonianon!
Welcome back, Kingdick, Hope life has served you well. I'm curious, do you still use your patented method? 
Again, I hope you all are doing well. I am rather eepy, so I will go and sleepy. Goodnight, and good luck keeping the thread up. For my final image of the night, here is a low-res picture of one of my dogs, Winnie, licking her nose. Silly goober.
hey, hey! thread's still up! good morning everyone!
good night, prog. sleep well. see you later.
Its my most used method, yes... somehow the feeling of the cumming negates the pain of the cutting.
Mornin' frens 
damn yuanon how much sleep did you get!? 3-4 hours? 
Thanks for monitoring the thread bud, you should get a medal
Hi prog
Goodnight prog 
Hi jackoffanon
Hiya bpdhoonianon
Hello kranusanon
And Hello to all the other anons 
It nice to see the thread still alive and it's nice that see you guys 
Hope today treats you well ^^
damn yuanon how much sleep did you get!? 3-4 hours?
that's about it. but i just woke up and stayed in bed for a bit, so it's all good.
the thread wouldn't be up if not for kranusanon, prog, hoonianon and the others. kranusanon just happened to post when i thought about heading to bed and
i took it as a sign to stay up a bit longer than usual. thanks everyone for keeping this thread running. (^.^)
and a good morning to you as well kitt..., /ca... catbro. you know what? feels right again, now that i got off my chest what was bothering me about it.
you people are embarrassing, just make a discord server and delete these circlejerk threads taking up space in the catalogue.
paege 7 bhumpp
How are you doing today?
better than normal i guess
Any plans for today?
its night, i'll stay up a bit maybe playing terraria then sleep
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
a month ago
Why did you hurt yourself?
was stressed over exams and had felt for a few weeks then that my formerly friend no longer wanted to be friends
my memory is horrible and i can't put my thoughts into words. most of the time they don't make sense. i saw a therapist a few weeks ago and i think it made me feel worse and i'm dreading the next appointment.
better than normal i guess
that's nice!
its night, i'll stay up a bit maybe playing terraria then sleep
hope you have some fun and some good sleep.
had felt for a few weeks then that my formerly friend no longer wanted to be friends
they did break contact with you? sorry to hear that. do you think it can be mended? i know it isn't much, but you can always share your thoughts with us.
my memory is horrible and i can't put my thoughts into words. most of the time they don't make sense.
is there a reason for that? what are you thinking about?
i got some pills from a psychiatrist, but i never really tried the therapy approach. don't know if it'd do much for me. what did you talk about for you to feel worse?
saving this eping thread bump
join for cutting .gg/eharem
that's nice to hear ^^
btw how're all of you doing today?
I'm kinda busy but mostly in a good way, I decided to completely take apart my bike then put it all back together and go for a little ride, now I'm back and preparing to write an assignment for a numerical methods class, that's the bad kind of busy but it won't take long and soon I'll be back to chilling
uhh I forgor about teh name 
btw little fun fact: "cat" sounds just like "cut"
I betcha didn't know that
btw how're all of you doing today?
incredibly lazy. so much it even bothers me, which is rare. 
I'm kinda busy but mostly in a good way, I decided to completely take apart my bike then put it all back together and go for a little ride
i kinda imagine it like this...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Qd7QUjITVA&amp;pp=ygUQZ29sZGVuIGJveSBpbnRybw%3D%3D [Embed]
now I'm back and preparing to write an assignment for a numerical methods class, that's the bad kind of busy but it won't take long
i'm rooting for you. you can do it! ^^
radical!
incredibly lazy
don't let it bother you too much, it's okay to be lazy sometimes plus it's justified by how little sleep you've gotten last night
i kinda imagine it like this
it looks just like it, with the music and everything 
Thank you, I WILL do it! 
I just have to pay for it with my sanity
it's justified by how little sleep you've gotten last night
that's true. in a way. i'll just use it as an excuse, even though the day wouldn't have been different either way. i'll promise i'll go to sleep at a more reasonable time tonight. probably. maybe. 
it looks just like it, with the music and everything
well, then that's how i'm gonna imagine you from now on. 
i don't think what's left of mine would be enough to pay for anything anymore. glad your's still has some market value.
bump reminder, drink some water
that was a good reminder. thanks.
What the fuck is the point to this thread? To just jack off to each other. This isn't self harm, it was from work. You guys are a bunch of faggots aren't you? Numerous fields involve injury every day.
Depression is back in the menu, boys. I used to hide my cuts, but now I almost feel like cutting just so people realize that I'm not okay
what is this image of?
current posting theme [totally uninspired by the pic]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzBx8TWcrG4 [Embed]
the thread wouldn't be up if not for kranusanon, prog, hoonianon and the others. 
Shucks, my pleasure to help keep the thread going. (: Big thanks to you as well.
play terraria
Epic choice, keep playing good stuff! :)
formerly friend no longer wanted to be friends
It always sucks when that happens. Happened plenty to me. Sometimes, people just want to move on in life, even if they have to leave people behind, for better or worse. Best of health to you.
decided to completely take apart my bike then put it all back together and go for a little ride
Fun! Hope tou tightened all the bolts and nuts tight!
What sort of work is done in a numerical methods course? Good luck on it!
Listening to Reggatta De Blanc by The Police on repeat right now, probably one of the best pop rock albums ever. I'm trying plan what I do over the summer more. Planning on working out through manual labor over the summer, particularly through splitting wood with a splitting maul. When not doing that, lifting weights at home will work, along with other exercises. I'm a little tired of being a tall lanky son of a gun, so hopefully I can get a little meat on these bones. Also going to start looking into keyboards I can purchase. Hope you all are doing well. I only have two more weeks until summer, so wish me luck with finals coming up! Thanks a ton, everyone.
A fucking chemical burn from doing plumbing in a 140 degree attic where I had to wipe the shit off with fiberglass. Once again what is the point to this thread? To say you're sad? Post wounds or shut up you larpers.
I finished it! no more stupid assignments!!!
I can finally be free! :D 
not a single picture of any scars or wounds
anon this isn't a fetish thread or a pissing contest of who's got it worse 
If you don't like it, leave 
Glad to know you don't hurt yourself tho, those burns look pretty rough, hope they healed well 
Hi anon, sorry to hear that
I don't think people need to see your cuts to get the memo, I think walking around with your scars visible will do the trick too
Don't relapse, if you feel like you want to maybe do what you did last time, just tell yourself it's cringe and go to sleep
just telling them doesn't get the point across? sometimes the people who should be closest to you are also completely oblivious to what's going on in your life.
oh i see.
yeah, well, too bad you can't make people shut up on here lol.
do you work any other trades or are you a specialist?
God I have to resist the urge to cut so hard I'm on drugs the come down is horrible and i keep taking more to not have that shity cone down shit I'm way to depressed
anon this isn't a fetish thread or a pissing contest of who's got it worse
I'd like at least to see some real shit if you're going to make a boohoo thread. Shit scarred bad but faded in 6 months though.
If you don't like it, leave
I'd like at least to see some real shit if you're going to make a boohoo thread. Shit scarred bad but faded in 6 months though.
Glad to know you don't hurt yourself tho, those burns look pretty rough, hope they healed well
I'd like at least to see some real shit if you're going to make a boohoo thread. Shit scarred bad but faded in 6 months though.
Specialist but not in plumbing, that's a side job, I do all trades. My specialties are HVAC and Electrical service. You'd be surprised how bad people who work on electrical shit all day are at fixing electrical.
Hello prog 
how did you like Lord of the rings? 
Hope tou tightened all the bolts and nuts tight!
Yes I did I think O_O
What sort of work is done in a numerical methods course?
it's wierd, there's lots of complicated equations and I don't really understand it and nobody form my year group does
So essentially it's just lots of guessing and hoping to get stuff right 
Good luck on it!
thank you 
GOOD LUCK ON YOUR FINALS!!!
I also hope that engineering exam went well ^^ 
or they're in denial and choose to pretend everything's alright 
Hi Nocturne stay strong friend, I know it's not easy but once you get through it it's smooth sailing from there 
I believe in you
hi, prog. 
Listening to Reggatta De Blanc by The Police on repeat right now,
you have recommonded the police quite a few times now. i really need to give em a go. 
Planning on working out through manual labor over the summer
aww... i like tall and lanky, but i see where you're coming from. hope you achieve your goals. 
I'm a little tired of being a tall lanky son of a gun, so hopefully I can get a little meat on these bones.
aww... i like tall and lanky, but i see where you're coming from. hope you achieve your goals. 
Also going to start looking into keyboards I can purchase.
is there somewhere i can listen to your music? i'd be interested in what you're working on. 
 I only have two more weeks until summer, so wish me luck with finals coming up!
best of luck, prog. you can do it!
noice! so you basically have the whole week to yourself?
hey noc, tut mir leid, dass es dir so schlecht geht. was hast du genommen?
that's cool and all but I actually do work in trades. the worst injuries I get at work are from hammers and the occasional burn or blister. I'm a careful worker. But I get depressed when I'm off the clock and cutting is the only thing that helps.
Weak trade. What trade do you work? Even women can be sparkies. You don't use many tools and get mild burns. Doesn't seem like a skilled tradesman.
those are very popular, nice. although, i can imagine the nightmare it actually is.
would you say it's relatively straightforward in regards to training? i'm chasing a welding cert, so it would be a good thing to pick up, i think.
that's true. i'm biased because of my experience with my brother, but it's something i have to consider being a possibility.
Half a bottle of vodka 2000 lyrica some oxys 200 promethazine i was used snd left behind by people i thought that are my friends. They said they would cone to me when i feel like cuting one ghosted me the other i think want only s relationship. Mom is really disappointed I just want money and buy more drugs
shit, i'm talking about electrical.
fuck im still tired.
Not sure where you mean to put electrical but the training is always on the job. If you want to be good you'll read books on the relevant subjects and rise quick. Electrical is a joke, learn wire sizes and breaker sizes. HVAC is it's own thing and regional so you need to say what region you're in. Literally just say you work hard and you have a job, it's how I got into HVAC which led to offers from everyone. Firm handshake is a joke but it does still work, it's how I got in and once you're in it's over, you're in.
tut mir leid, dass ich nicht fuer dich da sein kann. zumindest nicht in person. und es tut mir leid, dass du an diese leute geraten bist. ich weiss, es ist nicht viel, aber wir sind fuer dich da. ich hoffe, du kannst es ertragen, ohne mehr zu nehmen, aber ich denke auch nicht schlechter von dir, wenn du das nicht kannst, ok?
Your grammar is shit. You aren't a native German speaker. German is learned in the grammar.
Glaub ich geh raus in den wald is nich besonders kalt ich bin an ende und muss mein kopf klar bekommen
alles klar. geh einfach mal kurz raus und atme ein paar mal tief durch. sei trotzdem vorsichtig.
Learn the language or stop the larp. Swedish is easier if you want the goofs.
well, that's a new one. sorry my writing isn't up to your standards, i suppose.
lol I don't even know what to say 
why do you need (you)s so bad? 
I'll ignore you from now on
they did break contact with you? sorry to hear that. do you think it can be mended? i know it isn't much, but you can always share your thoughts with us.
i think we kind of just stopped talking, i've blocked/unadded her twice before that from thinking she didn't want to be friends anymore. i overshared again and feel like shit again. maybe that's why i have trust issues.
is there a reason for that? what are you thinking about?
i honestly don't know, i haven't touched any drugs for a few weeks so it's not that. maybe it's the depression but i don't think my memory would be that bad. i can't remember thoughts from even 2 minutes ago, can't remember to eat or drink either. 
i barely spoke because of social anxiety and they asked me to think about a trigger but i couldn't. i think i said under 50 words in an hour
Eh Gramma Police hahaha ich bemueh mich doch nich in 4chan wie ich schreibe lass uns ihn einfach ignorieren
hmm, that's a new idea for a summer job. i always thought it was hard to get into those lines of work for some reason.
let's hope there's something nearby...
klar. wie immer. (^.^)
Jaja ich geb mir nur mueh i wichtigen Dokumente und emails
It can come across as hard but the new blood was needed a decade ago. We and even I hire anyone who shows up and just says the magic words: "I want to work." You might get paid shit early on but remember it's paid training. $50 a day for a salesman apprentice turned into 6 figures in a few months. If you take any trade as a summer job go on the install side and you make a 3-6 hundred a week as a toolbitch. There's always something nearby, everyone needs electric, plumbing, and cooling. Furthermore the skills you learn will save you a lot in life.
I think if i go to the forest i will find s comfy place to sleep there
I should add these are ancient measurements and housing/food/smokes/vices will be covered. It's trash pay but the skills alone are worth it. Really you can move way quicker.
i think we kind of just stopped talking, i've blocked/unadded her twice before that from thinking she didn't want to be friends anymore. i overshared again and feel like shit again. maybe that's why i have trust issues.
it can be hard to gauge how much information the other person can handle. did she say anything or are you inferring what's going on? have you talked about it at all? 
i honestly don't know, i haven't touched any drugs for a few weeks so it's not that.
i don't know much about drugs, but some can lead to lasting medical issues, can't they? maybe you should seek medical advice on that. 
i'm not quite sure what this kind of therapy is supposed to do, honestly. their hardly seems to be an understanding for your problems and it seems they are just following some flowchart instead of actually talking to you. anything you'd want to share with your therapist but couldn't?
i don't know if that's a good idea. don't want you to be affected by hypothermia. at least take a warm jacket with you.
sure. type it out. i'll read it.
God i swear my best friend smells it when i feel bad he just called if wen wanne do something
that's a best friend for you. ^^ 
this isn't you, k, is it?
sounds like something i can handle, but i don't know if not knowing how to drive will destroy my chances. i'd assume carpooling is the way they do things, but i never know.
by the way, have you worked in any auto garages?
it's still millions compared to what i have now lol.
It's getting late, I'm heading to bed, goodnight friends
Thank you for being here, you guys are the best
good night, catbro. i think i'll go to bed as well.
if it was you, k, sorry for being inconsiderate. didn't think about how you might feel about noc and me having our little chats. i just wanted that to be our thing. maybe i should just keep it in english.
sounds like something i can handle, but i don't know if not knowing how to drive will destroy my chances. i'd assume carpooling is the way they do things, but i never know.
Not knowing how to drive hurts a new guy as half your job is ferrying around guys who don't want to drive or who lost their licence. As for working auto the answer is yes but only really because of my first trade and the fact we needed to get fleet work and a long story. But yeah, two shops, kind of the trade thing with connections being key.
by the way, have you worked in any auto garages?
Not knowing how to drive hurts a new guy as half your job is ferrying around guys who don't want to drive or who lost their licence. As for working auto the answer is yes but only really because of my first trade and the fact we needed to get fleet work and a long story. But yeah, two shops, kind of the trade thing with connections being key.
Sad but you're in a good spot. I gotta pass out but I will keep the thread open, you seem like a good guy. There's loads of good options if you want to become a mechanic bus stations higher a lot of apprentices and diesel is fat.
higher
Jesus, I'm done.
Don't know who you're talking about, I just know German and you get shit on for speaking that way. Learn the grammar and learn how to speak properly otherwise keep it to your dms.
Don't worry yuanon, I don't think that's k 
Also look, all of these replies are made by the same person and clearly he just wanted to stir up some drama and make people angry 
I don't think he really had a problem specifically with you and Noc talking in German 
sweet dreams yuanon^^
no. not really, because jede jeck es anders, but whatever. 
you're probably right. it was just a lot of stuff k talked about. i'm just tired, i guess.
ah fuck, well, i'll still try anyways.
and i see. i was gonna ask you about if the auto nerds often train on jobs too, but i might as well ask em myself when i get there.
and yeah, i am well-off enough, i guess.
have a good sleep, and thanks for telling me about these things. 
you're cool. :)
bump.
man, i will never get to zone 3 as aria lmao.
I love myself.
And I love you guys!
Well, I have a soundcloud and a bandcamp. The one album of music I have up has multiple songs I made purposefully terrible, as I was in an awful headspace when I made the album. I'll post the bandcamp link; it has the soundcloud link on the page.
https://paniczko.bandcamp.com/album/terribly
The artist name is the original Polish spelling of my last name. Thanks for the interest! Careful listening, much of it kinda sucks.
how did you like Lord of the rings?
Watching it tonight, so we'll see! 
it's wierd, there's lots of complicated equations
It sounds like the professor isn't that great at teaching it, given that circumstance. Good luck to you in guessing correctly.
So essentially it's just lots of guessing and hoping to get stuff right
It sounds like the professor isn't that great at teaching it, given that circumstance. Good luck to you in guessing correctly.
GOOD LUCK ON YOUR FINALS!!!
Thank you, /cat/bro!!
I feel that it did, have to wait a week to see the grade. Thank you, though!
Also, good reply here >>73155201 (:
I can only cut when I get drunk nowadays. I drink for the same reason I cut: I'm lonely and so fucking bored that I want something exciting to happen even if it's stupid and harmful to me. I cut few days ago and I got blood all around my apartment and I still haven't cleaned anything. It's depressing to see.
Take note of how many attention whoring tripfags are present. Jesus fucking Christ, you people. Even if you had a full-time entourage to provide all the attention in the world, you still wouldn't stop inventing problems. THAT'S your real problem.
Dont even fucking reply.
fuck is your problem? they're just talking to eachother to feel better. nothing wrong with that. I'm sorry that you think nobody is allowed to talk about their problems and must suffer like you do on the daily. some people damn
how else are they supposed to recognize each other?
also note that none of these people use names outside of these threads
damn anon i hope you feel better soon it sounds like you have a ton of pent up rage and illnesses maybe look into finding your own people to talk to your problems about a therapist even
It's been about a week since I last posted, and things have gone okayish I guess. Nearly relapsed a few days ago, but for whatever reason I could not get the blade to pierce. Even pressing it against my skin, I felt a strange sensation across both sides of my legs (where most of my scars are) that replaced some of the anxiety I was feeling
Mixed feelings about it, because while I maintain my streak, it further shows that I cannot put my mind to anything. Ideally those few weeks were just an unfortunate string of panic attacks, but I doubt it in the long term. Anxiety is lower now but still high compared to most people.
I would reply to most of you but this is a fairly long general that I didn't catch early, so I hope you're all fairing well! :-)
how is this supposed to make me want to hurt myself LESS? some of those knives were really nice
 things have gone okayish I guess. Nearly relapsed a few days ago, but for whatever reason I could not get the blade to pierce.
Well, that's a way to not relapse. Here's to more days on your clean streak!
I felt a strange sensation across both sides of my legs (where most of my scars are)
I've felt some tingly sensations on my scars before, sort of startles me. 
Mixed feelings about it, because while I maintain my streak, it further shows that I cannot put my mind to anything.
If you are referring to you being unable to make the blade pierce, I don't think that that is an issue with you. Either an issue with the blade, luck, or divine intervention. Don't pin it on yourself, you should try to find some positivity in not cutting, even if you feel you should have managed to. 
I would reply to most of you but this is a fairly long general that I didn't catch early
Yeah, this is the most successful /cut/ for the past week or so. Have a good day, k!
got sent on another grippy sock vacation
I have never had the pleasure/displeasure of being sent to the ward. How was your experience?
Yeah, wish non cutters would understand that dickishly taking tools away from cutters is bad practice, and hurts the person more than helps. Hope you can manage through this. Glad to see that your bf cares about you, though... best of health, anon.
I have never had the pleasure/displeasure of being sent to the ward. How was your experience?
mostly just annoying. every time i've been in, they just annoy me with the lovebombing. it's too much and feels insincere
he means well and didn't throw them out at least. they're just with a relative i guess. some were gifts from people who aren't around anymore so i would be really upset if he threw them out
Here's to more days on your clean streak!
Thanks lad, I'm at 1y 2m rn
Either an issue with the blade, luck, or divine intervention
The blade was sharp, but I myself couldn't slice. I kind of locked when trying to glide it. Never had self-preservation like that.
they just annoy me with the lovebombing. it's too much and feels insincere
I don't think most of them have bad intentions, but you have to wonder if they're trained to be excessive like that. I'd respond better with less intense, more subdued approaches, too much energy doesn't sit well with me
Well that's quite good! He can tell that it's something you care about greatly, and even at your worst these things shouldn't be thrown out due to their sentimental nature. Men like that aren't too common, I can guarantee you most BFs would throw them out from panic
I'd respond better with less intense, more subdued approaches, too much energy doesn't sit well with me
same, it's too much. and i don't like talking in front of groups so that's a problem too.
luckily he knows i'm weirdly sentimental about basically everything. he's seen the drawer where i keep every card i get and was not all that weirded out even
Never had self-preservation like that.
I totally get that. That used to happen with my parents, where they'd be rather distant feeling a lot of the time, and when they found out I cut, they all of a sudden became super interested in my problems. Always felt very irritating.
he means well and didn't throw them out at least.
Very good! Hope you can retrieve them soon.
Thanks lad, I'm at 1y 2m rn
Fantastic! Keep it going!
Perhaps it is signaling that you are truly getting better? At least I hope so!
Bumperino! If the thread doesn't survive until morning, this was a good one. Have a good morning, good day, and good night, everyone.
good night. i'm listening to regatta while still lying in bed. good way to start the day. i also listened to a few of your tracks. reminded me a lot of playing my dad's atari on the old crt. 
good morning, i guess.
thought i would stop doing this as i got older, shits getting embarassing but its the only thing that helps at least temporarily
really dont wanna get on meds
glad most of you guys are doing okay
how do you get someone to stop cutting who has zero desire to stop? can they be helped?
Hello everybody, I just woke yp and my sleep was great, I had 4 dreams but I only remember 2 of them, the rest are a blurry mess 
Hi prog 
I have a soundcloud
ooo thanks for linking it, I'll check it out
Watching it tonight, so we'll see!
hah I think I'm more hyped about you seeing it than you are
it sounds like the professor isn't that great at teaching it
definitely 
Good luck to you in guessing correctly
Thank you, I hope so
Thank you, /cat/bro!!
no probs :> 
It's depressing to see.
and it's depressing to hear, hope find the strength or motivation to turn your life around, start with small steps like making sure your surroundings are clean 
If you wanna vent or chat, this general is here for you, maybe it'll make you feel less lonely 
Hello k, sweet dubs
It's nice to see you and lovely to hear you're doing somewhat better
I could not get the blade to pierce.
maybe you didn't really want to do it, maybe somewhere deep inside you realized it's kinda pointless and won't help 
it's alright, and there will be many new posts you can reply to soon 
He's trying to help but doesn't realize he's doing the opposite, you should talk with him about that, he'll never learn if somebody doesn't explain it to him
Good morning yuanon :D 
Why did you relapse?
Don't worry about it, I relapsed in March after about 7 months, it's okay
Don't look at staying clean as if it's a competition
Look at it as a way of reducing the amount you cut not as a way of stopping cutting entirely because doing something so drastic as stopping completely isn't really realistic 
8 months is impressive, good work 
sorry but it's not really possible, unless you tie them up and lock them in a cell, tho obviously this won't help
oh also focus on the reason why they're cutting, not on the cutting itself
It's (most likely) a sign that something's wrong, now you gotta figure out what is it and hopefully help them
Perhaps it is signaling that you are truly getting better?
I doubt it, since I will get extremely impulsive.
It's one of few things that snaps me out of persistent disassociation
Good morning lad
8 months is still a good long time, it shows something. You can't expect to completely stop unfortunately as with any addiction, the spans of time between each episode will get longer until you either stop thinking about it, or your brain finds some other way to cope easily. My current clean streak follows one that I broke pretty violently that lasted even longer before
hey. talked to my friend on saturday, but he shut me down fairly quickly. the only thing the school did was hire a woman, dump the kids on her and leave her to her own devices. business as usual, so there's no insight to be had in that regard. sorry i can't be of any help to you.
I swear my friend knows it when i feel bad
That's fine, I appreciate you trying for me.
good to hear there's someone you can rely on. what are you guys up to? made any plans with him? 
anytime.
i don't feel so good at the moment. overslept and woke up with a headache, so i'll be a bit slow to respond today.
Thank you for the (You). Well it wasn't a (You) because my cookies were cleared or something but still thanks. It feels so bad when everyone gets a (You) but me even when I give out a ton of (You)s. It's like what's wrong with me?? Give me attention PLEASE! Yeah I want attention and I'm not gonna deny it. Anyway I don't need a (You) for this post cause the one was enough so thanks again. You're right that I should clean. I always feel better after cleaning yet it's so hard to get started even tho I know it'll be good for me for some reason. I wonder if it would help to know the name of this phenomenon. Akrasia isn't quite right. Anyway I hope you are well Cat-san.
No problem anon ^^ 
always feel better after cleaning yet it's so hard to get started
yeah happens to me too, just take it slow, you don't have to clean the whole apartment, just clean one room and then maybe another one
thank you and best of luck to you
completely forgot: have fun with your family today.
I'm feeling both super depressed and somewhat hopeful, my antidepressants stopped working recently and I've started cutting again to deal with it, but I also told my psychiatrist that I think I'm trans and he referred me to a clinic, and I haven't felt this positive about that issue ever. now I'm thinking I might actually get with a guy who sees me as a girl one day and who might choke me with his dick and then comfort me and call me a good girl afterwards
thank you :3 
Do you have any plans for today?
no. maybe i can do some hobby stuff later, but for now i'm just listening to a thunderstorm.
How are you doing today?
Today is pretty ok I think
Any plans for today?
Study for final exams
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
yesterday at 2am while being high on diazepam and codeine
Why did you hurt yourself?
overall nighttime overthinking about life and stressing about final exams, and talk with friend didn't help so...
studying is boredom
okay so, my family is here so I'll be pretty busy from now on 
I'm just saying it so you know why I'm not replying to anybody 
byee for now and enjoy your weekend
hello, anon. it's good that your appointment went that well and that you feel more hopeful for the future, even if it's not a immediate solution for the troubles in your life.
that said, i'm a bit worried about you. do you have told your psychiatrist about your sexual fantasies? you always end your posts with them, so i can't help but to wonder if it isn't "just" a sexual thing for you. that you have a "feminization kink" rather than being trans. do you have casual thoughts about being "a girl" as well? doing everyday stuff while presenting as a woman?
bump shsbbwhs
ha I didn't think I was doing it that often, sorry. but since I am sharing, I am bi but mostly into guys but have never actually been with one, I kinda really don't like the idea of being with one while presenting as a guy myself. I do have non-sexual thoughts about it and think I would be much happier living as a woman in general. but I've also long wanted a relationship with a guy, which maybe led to me over-sharing/being too sexual in what I said here. I'll try not to get too annoying with that from now on.
sometimes i eat food that is expired.
never too expired generally if it smells too bad i wont eat it
but day old ramen that has been left in open air? you know i'm eating that shit
Wrong greentext at the top. Meamt to have
Oops! + Bump
page 8 original bummpp
listening to regatta while still lying in bed. good way to start the day.
Hope you liked it!
 i also listened to a few of your tracks. reminded me a lot of playing my dad's atari on the old crt.
Heh, I can't blame you for that sentiment, considering the amount of synths I used. Thank you for listening (:
ooo thanks for linking it, I'll check it out
Thank youu!
hah I think I'm more hyped about you seeing it than you are
The movie was fantastic, Sam really out here carrying Frodo with his life! Great movie.
For me, I was clean for almost three years before I started cutting again. Don't feel bad about it. I feel that my brain always has cutting in the back of my mind, and I ended up coming back to it, since it's one of the few coping mechanisms I have. Don't get embarrassed about it, I feel that many of us are in the same big boat. Hope you feel better soon.
A new day, more classes, more work. Weekend was nice, hung out with my buddies, and watched The Fellowship of the Ring. Fantastic movie, loved the music in particular. Two more weeks until summer!
Hi guys, the guests left and I'm feeling a little tired 
bump
ha I didn't think I was doing it that often, sorry.
oh, no worries. it doesn't bother me at all.
am bi but mostly into guys but have never actually been with one
same here, i guess. i find males, females and people who style and modify themselves (to a degree) to be inbetween attractive. don't know the label for that, but that doesn't really matter in the end. i can't connect with people in that way. 
I kinda really don't like the idea of being with one while presenting as a guy myself. I do have non-sexual thoughts about it and think I would be much happier living as a woman in general.
i see. i can't say i completely get it, since the definition and segregation of "man" and "woman" in society doesn't seem as strong as it used to be anyway. i just think that transpeople are set up for failure by people who don't have their best interests in mind, being fed delusions until they make decisions they might come to deeply regret later. there are other options you could explore first, but, in the end, i don't know what your intentions and goals are. just take care and think it through. 
but I've also long wanted a relationship with a guy, which maybe led to me over-sharing/being too sexual in what I said here. I'll try not to get too annoying with that from now on.
again, i don't mind and you're very considerate with the spoiler, so it's all good. i actually like reading it, but that's beside the point.
Hope you liked it!
it's a great album so far. i couldn't finish it in the morning, but i'll continue to listen to it later tonight. 
i'll definitely come back to this as well. i'm a fan of retro-game-soundtracks and what you made kinda fits that bill. i was always thinking about what kind of game the track could come frome. ^^
welcome back, catbro. how was it?
it was alright, just a casual little get together
those are the best, in my opinion. i don't like overly formal or pretentious gatherings. i'm glad my family agrees on that.
