Holy shit I'm actually a horrible person. I randomly started reflecting on my entire life up until this point and the realization just hit me full force.
were you also on drugs? I had those thoughts after magic mushrooms in Minecraft
realizing is farther then most bad people get. it gives you the ability to reflect and grow.
some people never do that and degrade and degrade
I'd trust a selfish man who know he's an asshole over a narcissist who pretends to be a good person.
What do you mean by bad person? Have you betrayed your internal sense of right and wrong many times? Or are you mad at yourself for not doing stuff you should've
you can either do better than before or pussy out and pretend to feel sorry for yourself
This right here anon. Your self awareness is truly rare and something of value and the antithesis of narcissism. 
I would also add that in my experience, seeing your own flaws can lead you down a spiral of shame and self-loathing and fixating on painful thoughts and painful feelings. These are natural responses, but that does not mean they are the entire truth of your experience. 
Perhaps this is your wake-up to your potential or even your spiritual nature.
The same thing happened to me, OP. It's kinda weird that we're both looking back on our lives and realizing how much we fucked up.
i've had those a few times.
just looking back thinking about the way people looked at me in school, how i behaved, what my delusions were, makes me wonder if i was psychotic the entire time.
Same. I try to ignore it but it's there. It's good to be able to realise it but fuck knows how to actually make real long-lasting changes. I'm shallow, cruel, selfish, gluttonous, sycophantic, and lazy. I am not a good person and likely deserve my pain. I listen to music about heroes and warriors to try to live through them vicariously because I'm such a cunt in real life.
I have the same problem but what if i find love? Should i tell her whatever i did knowing i will never do those things again? Or should i keep it a secret with the risk of someone wanting revenge and wanting to ruin my life? I feel like i don't deserve love even if i did those things literally a decade ago when i was a shitty bratty teen
Perhaps you can start by asking yourself why you feel the need to confess your ancient wrongdoings to your future lover. 
As someone who relates to this hard and still hasn't figured out the answer, my need to confess my dark secrets to future partners comes from a place of existential guilt and shame. Feeling like I'm wrong, that I'm broken, that I don't belong, has been a core aspect of my experience since childhood. Confession is a path to forgiveness, and in that stream of forgiveness I will be cleansed, absolved of the unlovable; then, and only then, can I love and be loved without condition. 
Here, however, love is still conditional; I will only be loved by my partner if my partner forgives me. Out of an apparently existential condition I have discovered one of my codependent tendencies. Where could it have begun but in my formative years? 
Now I begin to think about how my parents loved me growing up. Did they love me at all? Not, it seems, when I did something they didn't approve of. Not, it seems, when they saw me as a burden. My heart aches at the thought, and I feel tender sadness welling up in my chest. But I seem to understand myself a little better than before.
Excuse me for monologuing, anon. I've made my response to you all about myself, and I feel somewhat guilty about this (naturally lol) but I hope I have helped you reach a different perspective on your questioning, to help you find some peace, and to begin recovering your self-esteem, as I have begun to recover mine.
Tons of terrible people get love, life doesn't care wether or not you ''deserve'' things
somebody has to pay for your crimes Walker, whos it gonna be?
Not me lmao XD
Confession is a path to forgiveness, and in that stream of forgiveness I will be cleansed, absolved of the unlovable; then, and only then, can I love and be loved without condition.
I feel the same, yeah, that helped a bit
Eh, still feel bad ngl
but you still didn't answer; should he tell his future love about his mistakes of past or not?
I don't have a yes or no answer to his question (or she - it appears that anon is a clown girl) because I think it's a complex question. For ease, I'll assume anon is he and future love is she.
If anon does confess his last mistakes there's a risk of not only repeating the conditional love dialectic which I outlined above, but establishing it as a tenet of the relationship, throwing anon into a cycle of codependency that will likely sour the relationship. 
But if he does not share these struggles from his past, if he willfully censors himself in this way, anon is simply re-enacting the same conditional love dialectic, but privately. In other words, he is in the closet as this unlovable thing. Speaking from personal experience, this compromises your ability to be open and vulnerable with others, because it will seem like anon is hiding something and hard to get to know. In fact, if anon assumes this position, he may never find love at all.
In other words, yes and no are both bad options. The best option, I think, is to not confess but not hide anything. Let the mistakes come to the surface when the conversation touches upon them. Perhaps anon and their love are talking about their teenage years. Perhaps she is sharing her good times, or bad times, perhaps she did even worse things than 
anon in her past. Who knows? But if this topic comes up and the bad things comes to mind, then that is a good time to tell her about it all. After all, if she's truly your love anon then there's nothing to hide; she will respect your healthy self-expression, whatever form it takes.
It's also worth taking a step back and realise that this question is based off a hypothetical. The future is often different from how we imagine it, so it is perhaps better to slow down, take things one step at a time, than to jump to what seems to be inevitable but far down the track. This is frightening, but also keeps us grounded and more receptive to life's beauty :)
Hope this helps :) please let me know if there's anything that needs clarifying
