What do you rate her on a scale of 1-10, and how could she improve?
0/10
by not being an attention whore
0 by jumping into a pool of bleach
I'm not 'rating' someone who looks like she's 13 years old and I'd highly recommend that nobody else do so either.
Thats a child.
Also a nigro
0/10% chance that she's a virgin
Rating from 1-10 is silly because things are more complicated than just one single parameter.
For me she is 
Thanks for the answers
She's 18 years old
She's really pretty but insufferable and I hate her. 0/10
what is insufferable about her?
To fuck, maybe an 8, to date maybe a 6 since she is a nigger, assuming she is older than she looks of course. Also, i have to add that this one is an specific taste, could be a 9 for some and a 4 for some.But the attention seeking is a turn of, i will give you that, average for a female, especially with low self esteem, but a turn of anyways.
She looks like she from that cartoon movie fish tales haha
suicide fuel thank you genuinely
Where are you from ill marry you but you have to do calisthenics with me
Even if you were 300 lbs and bald you'd still easily find a long-term bf. Women can't be lonely.
She doesn't even want a bf lol, and she's repeated this many times. She just wants people to worship her.
Is she the same girl as op pic? Cause if so nvm
kill yourself, you easily found a relationship, i did not. 
why would i want a bf when i know he wouldnt find me genuinely attractive or wifeable
haha
its so over
i did not
Pretty sure you've already had an e-bf, but even if that was some other slut, you could just make a thread saying you wanted a bf who's actually attracted to you and you'd have countless offers, even if you were a 1/10, since so many men here have extremely low standards.
This is the victim complex stuff I was talking about. In the last thread I saw you, you were saying you didn't want a bf but now it's a tragedy that you totally can't get some deranged retard to worship you?
Id fug you but I wouldnt be seen in public with you. You can find a simp or whatever on here im sure. Glhf
impregnation
yeah im not surprised 
that's whst literally every male in the world thinks of me. im never ever going to date someone, i was so delusional to think i was not that bad looking
You aren't really bad looking but your eyes are kinda far apart thats all.
0 don't be a sadistic whore
if i wasn't bad looking you wouldnt be saying >>73131002
No, that's what every white male on 4chan thinks. They act super racist up front but will fill your DMs asking to fuck. Get off 4chan, get off the internet. Men irl are not men from r9k.
She can't stop attention whoring on 4chan.
Yeah but someone will still like you. And like the other anons said you just want attention.
How is it racist to wanna fuck someone but not be seen in public with them? I didnt say its because shes black dumb fuck.
yeah men will fuck anything with a pulse. but dating or marrying, is where its over for me. most women get hit on whenever they leave the house, i witnessed it with my own eyes, meanwhile i just get stared at like a shitstain on the sidewalk
If you ignore all men who'd date you that you can find online and you never try IRL, then it is over, but only at your own whims.
i dont just want attention. i just want to be pretty enough to not be an embarrassment to be seen around. the past few days have confirmed how unattractive i am so brutally, and these responses just make it all make complete sense
stop attention whoring iris. you're cute enough to date, maybe even wife up depending on your personality. problem is you live in a different country than i do.
That's why you shouldn't post your pics on here. And irl someone would wanna be with you but you wouldn't like them probably which also sucks
stop lying to me kys kys
She doesn't even want a bf you pathetic simp.
saying she's cute is not in the same field as simping. i'm just being objective.
I have to wonder what the absolute FAGGOT who is spamming this sheboon all over the catalog looks like. 
Like how old are you?
do you have a job?
do you have friends?
Have you had sex? 
Imagine wasting your life obsessing over some low-tier whore.
lmao, couldn't be me.
That's why you shouldn't post your pics on here
so i can live in delusion thinking that i look like a normal human being when in fact i am actually as gross as a spider?
yeah i dont like liars who want to pump and dump me while pretending to be interested in me, because thats all i would be able to ever attract 
i hate you anon i hate everyone
Trying to give the 293582th validation compliment to some slut who'd never date you is simping.
I don't know what to tell you, iris. You have very shit taste in men, especially the ones from 4chan. There was a guy not too long ago going around asking 4chan egirls if they'd ever fuck someone who's fucked iris asking other weird shit related to you. You really, REALLY need to get the fuck away from the internet.
You do look pretty normal you just have wide sad eyes. Not like people see you and think what the fuck though. And you dont hate me you dont even know me.
you have very shit taste in men
im not dating anyone though and never have
thats weird but i doubt it means anything
the memes write themselves
Loneliest woman moment.
why would i date someone when i know they dont actually like me or think i am pretty?
Iris you might be able to lie to some of these other dudes, but I'm not one you can bullshit. I have ins with more than a couple of the infamous egirls around here and know better. The conversation in question had other questions too, like "would you ever kiss iris", "would you ever have a 3 way with me and iris", "would you be friends with iris", along with a half nude pic that you obviously sent to someone who knows you.
Watch yourself. You know this is a lie and the proof is out there. You have had many boyfriends
link the thread then, this sounds like bullshit. i never spoke with someone from here in that way or sent any nudes
Are you really asking somebody on this fucking shithole those things?
talking with a guy online for a month and never meeting is not having a bf
It's not a thread, it was a DM in instagram. There's a lot of shit I have to sort through to find it again. Do you want me to post the pic too if I find it?
Like he said, a child...Wear makeup.
shes a 6.5, maybee a 7 in some angles
i like her more with straight hair
What do you get out of this? You're sick in the head and you need therapy.
YOU UNGRATEFUL NIGGER APE YOU COULD LITERALLY DOWNLOAD ANY DATING APP AND HAVE A RICH NORMIE BOYFRIEND WITHIN A WEEK IF YOU WANTED
Classic Iris thread. Ignore good ratings, accept negative feedback, make the same thread next week. 
Maybe it's time we got a new queen, man.
10/10 unironically. Her tits to skinny ratio is tops, too.
I would rate her 9/10
She should be more confident
ive told you this before but i think youre genuinely beautiful, i dont really like you so i have no reason to lie. delicate gamine features that are relatively rare, especially on black girls. you remind me of a fawn somehow
I'll fuck you and be seen in public with you. I'll also fuck you in public if you want. I like that.
