What's the point of having a relationship if they can't be yours?
Non-virgin man 
Pre-selected Chad who proved his worth in the sexual market place. Most virgin men aren't virgin out of high moral character but their low value.
Non-virgin women 
Maybe if you are some Chad who has taken virginity of so many women that you don't care about this shit anymore. Average guy is always better off with a virgin.
Most virgin men aren't virgin out of high moral character but their low value.
This is definitely not true. Just go to a cookout or house party with your friends and tell them to invite some girls. I've been offered blowjobs and threesomes out of nowhere and I'm hardly a Chad. If a persons sole goal is casual sex they can get it easily.
Maybe if you are some Chad who has taken virginity of so many women that you don't care about this shit anymore. Average guy is always better off with a virgin.
So degenerates belong with degenerates?
Well people aren't property, and lots of people horny in their youth make stupid decisions. I think it doesn't really matter how many people they slept with as long as they were in long term committed relationships, and not sleeping around in one night stands following a purely hedonistic lifestyle.
Depends on wether she's a Chad widow or not
I disagree, even if she only fucked tiny dicked fat men before she's not a virgin so I don't want her.
Why have sex before marriage though? Makes no sense to me, you would only want to bond with a single person on that level.
That's already following a hedonistic lifestyle..
Everything has a price. for example if someone paid you a million dollars for sex with a non virgin you'd take it. but you probably wouldn't pay to have sex with a non virgin.
Clearly people who have sex with non virgins have other values gains or losses. 
I for example wouldnt mind a non virgin under the right circumstances.
stupid decisions
Say I broke into a car, that was stupid. Does it end there?
No you have to fix that car and pay the guy who owned the car and give back what you stole if anything.
Like wise you were young and dumb and spend your youth against the wishes of your future husband, how do you plan on paying him back?
Again with the car, its a stupid decision but does that mean that everyone gets to make stupid decisions? That you should stop someone from breaking into cars?
if someone paid you a million dollars for sex with a non virgin you'd take it
Why would I? I make enough money to support a family and I live by myself, I have no need for more money, especially if it costs me my dignity.
I've been offered blowjobs and threesomes out of nowhere and I'm hardly a Chad. If a persons sole goal is casual sex they can get it easily.
Are you a virgin out of being chaste or declined out of inconvenience? Most people who can have sex will have sex.
I only want to have sex with my future wife. When I was younger I thought I wanted casual sex but when I was actually offered sex for the first time I was disgusted.
Are you a virgin for the sake of being chaste? Answer this question. Also even if you are then you are an absolute minority. Most men would not mind fucking around and they do.
Most incels are not rich/enjoy working.
A million dollars would let me neet for years if not my whole life. For maybe a few hours of work tops. Shes not diseased or really all that gross.
Its a sweet deal, actual fakecel if you wouldn't
What's the point of having a relationship if they can't be yours?
Yet another autist sociopath. In the future you will be put in an asylum
I'm a virgin because I'm saving myself for my future wife so yes, the though of having casual sex disgusts me. It's not a religious thing however.
Asylums don't exist anymore, they just let the mentally ill be a problem for everyone nowadays. Why would I be in an asylum? I'm a functioning member of society, which is probably more then what can be said about you.
lmao i literally tell every person i sleep with im a virgin and sidestep all this drama.
90% of autists dont work. you will have a mental breakdown any week now and its mental hospital for you
It's very easy to sit down and logistically argue the finer points of life, but for people who are alive and in the moment, they make dumb decisions every single day. I think 90% of this board could sit here and argue about how pure virginity is, and then when actually put in a situation where a person they find attractive is flirting with them and pressuring them to sleep with them right then and there, they'd very likely cave in and do it.
lmao i literally tell every person i sleep with im a virgin and sidestep all this drama.
kek
I'm not autistic and I've never had a mental breakdown. You're just projecting.
Nasty creature.
I'm not a virgin myself so it's only fair. They must not hate Christ or the Lord though.
I'm not rich and I don't enjoy working, but I still wouldn't have sex with a non-virgin for a million dollars.
Well yes because of the cost. The argument for virginity comes about because incels have to pay the most for sex. 
So while other men got in there for free or got paid for having sex with women at their peek. The incel is left breaking his back for years to pay all of it for a woman whos old, beat up , and doesn't like him.
Its all about cost. If its free nobody cares but at the rates incels are expected to pay , at least it should be new.
non-virgin man
females dont like losers. females like sexually desireable successful men. those are men who had sex, who know how to have sex, who are vetted by other women, who have their life together and are respected in their social circles. such men are who women write romantic fantasy books about. they all universally despise losers and non-chads
non-virgin woman
beta cuckolds desperate for pussy. no man genuinely wants a ran through used up whore, but they are so desperate for pussy, they would sell their soul for a drop of chad's used up cum socks. these men repress or simply dont think about her past, simply because they are so desperate for any female attention. highly prone to simping and falling in love easily. and they dont care for morality much
ALL simps would rather have a virginal teenage girl, but they know their place in the sexual dominance heirchy, and play their part
What's the point of having a relationship if they can't be yours?
for a lot of men its "better than nothing", and for a lot of women its also the case
Why would they believe you?
Why would they care if theyre having sex with you, you aren't having sex with incels, don't delude yourself more than you already have.
I've been offered blowjobs and threesomes out of nowhere and I'm hardly a Chad. 
you are most definitely a chad unless you live in a very promiscuous country e.g. brazil
I'm from Hungary, I'm 6' but fat, so not a Chad.
fat volcel slavchink has more rizz then I do
It's so fucking over...
Well people aren't property
first of all, just because something is the case, doesnt mean it ought be the case. it is the case that slavery used to be legal at some point in time, but that doesnt mean the save that slavery ought to be legal
second of all, there are def arguments for ownership of property of people, like slavery. for example; if you were born a slave, but were guanranteed meaningful work, a virgin wife, a community of people you could trust, and your own small home, with children, would you take that? a lot of people would. theres some merit to utilitarianism
I think it doesn't really matter how many people they slept with as long as they were in long term committed relationships
i think it does, because it means all her memories in her youthful prime with with someone else, she has telegony sperm swimming inside her, her past lovers she statistically loved more than you, and nobody wants a used up disposed cum sock aka whores, to love on
pic related
You have autism, anon. 
Even if you're just being argumentative for the sake of proving a point, you have autism.
I'm a virgin because I'm saving myself for my future wife
Are you chaste doe?
Do you not know the definition of chaste?
slavchink
It's clearly because you are racist.
 why settle
Its up to you man. Affection is still affection and I dont want to go back to waking without kisses. If you dont care about it, then maybe you dont actually need a woman at all and should embrace monkmode and stop complaining about tfw no gf. 
Just dont come complaining here that you are incel when your standard is unicorn woman who havent had in her 20-30 years of life a desire for romance and men lovebombing her; before she met you. You are literally demanding of this world that a woman was born specifically for you. Sorry, doesnt happen in reality. And if such happened, you dont really deserve such special attention. 
You are a volcel and no different from a girl searching for a ridiculously tall man. Both qualities are arbitary, shallow and funnily enough they both correlate with lower divorce rates. Kek. (Correlate doesnt mean causate though, because virgin women being minority is a clear sign most(like 90%) women in fact leave their first partner).
Wanting a girl who didn't pass her self around chad and his friends is as absurd as wanting a man who was born with stupidly great genes. 
most women leave their first partner
not that chad leaves women after they give their virginity to him
Why wouldnt you just pay to take care of my used body anon
When you lower your price maybe an incel might take you up on it. Dignity is part of what makes a man human.
Feeling good
sex feels worse/same as jerking off
Ok then, your opinion. Still feel pretty gud to creampie and fuck women's throats, especially with the incel's whining in the back of your head. Or being horny as shit, and instead of looking up porn, you fuck a stacy in the pussy, insane shit. I think youre just insane desu if you can achieve those same feelings from jacking off. Damn I wanna impregnate some stacy, swear I gotta do nofap and find an equally horny stacy and make some retard kid
why wouldn't they? lol if they aren't going to believe me there's no point in them asking me. if they ask i say I'm a virgin
I didnt have to pay anything for sex with my used goods gf in fact she grinded on my cock the first meeting and I told her I am not ready so we spent 3 months just chilling after vidya and walking in nature getting to know each other, on my volition. She seemed quite basic bitch at first hence why I didnt want to stuck my dick into crazy, but turned out she is very sweet and understanding and I think she jumped on me because she thought its the only thing that interests men. She frequently buys me gifts and treats and I sleep basically buried in her titties, she also inherited a big flat in city centre and moved me in . Idk I think thats a win. 
Was a virgin before her obv. I didnt tell her, but she cracked it anyways. But she never really got icked by my flops in sex and cums from it frequently. 
Oh also, she approached me first(over the nets), I myself lost hope at this point so wasnt on any dating sites anymore, just spammed soc threads
Youre having casual sex with stranger, you being a virgin would require an explanation like how you ended up in this situation.
This is what I mean , she did the work and basically paid to have sex with you. She understood that she was super basic and had nothing to offer besides sex and opened with it. 
A femanon role model really.
Good for you anon.
I don't need a relationship, but I want one, but only if it's with another virgin. I never claimed to be an incel either. I think the world would be a much happier place if people kept sex for marriage.
If that is the case why settle for a girlfriend? You could just have a bunch of fwbs?
There is huge amounts of variables inbetween virgin > was passed around by chad and his friends. Most womaen lose their virginity in schools, where social hierarchy is pretty rigid and thus to their matches and have some sort of relationships with those ppl, although teen love is shortlived and retarded.Willpower and itelligence by the way are also genetically inherited traits. For an average iq person, if somebody tells you they love you now spread legs tgey meant that first part and there is no real understanding for some virgin teenage woman as to why would a man want sex without love. In fact the only reason why she WOULD understand the implication is if her mother was bitter and blackpilled her on men early on or something.
Unfortunate for them then but why does this mean I or anyone else should date them exactly? People born with deformities or mental illnesses are also unfortunate and it's also something they can't change, but I still wouldn't want to date them either.
he just invents a scenario in his head
lol uhm???
 paid to have sex with you
She didnt buy me stuff before we had sex though, and its not like I need it or are very interested in that, I think its just her love language. She has plenty to offer besides sex as she is very affectionate and puts up with gloomy moods very gracefully, and often teaches me various interesting stuff. She is very intelligent and hardworking but pretty low on self esteem. I think however that many normie men are actually just interested sex so they cant see the value of a person besides that, so there is also no reason for woman to exercise any of her other qualities, when she can just ride the pussy train. Hence why I think that if a man wants a good partner he really shouldn't put his dick in at first opportunity. Let the woman show her true colours first, beforr you get hooked on that serotonin.
where social hierarchy is pretty rigid
Idk how old you are but literally in highschool only chads and homosexuals were having sex. Social rank didnt stop women from taking part.
Fact of the matter is she had sex with chad. She lost her virginity to the most masculine, socially successful, independent guy near her, which in school is only a handful of guys. 
As time goes on and she hasn't secured a relationship it only means that she had more and more casual sex with chads. Since otherwise she wouldn't be single.
no real understanding
She knows perfectly raised on it. Shes just so blown away by chad that she doesn't care. If anyone else tried these things she would make them wait or give them a hard time. Its literally pop culture that men only want sex, and by default women pride themselves by only having sex with the best, chad.
Its been like this for maybe 30 years anon. Are you a grandpa. Have you lost your way from /diy/ or where ever old people hang out.
for a woman they want a man who has slept with plenty of other women to prove he's a high value male.
for men you just have to cope with the fact that no female over the age of 15 in the west is a virgin and by the time they are 21 they've most likely slept with at least 5 other guys. if you cant you're just going to hold out for something that doesnt exist.
if you cant you're just going to hold out for something that doesnt exist.
How is that worse then having to put up with some non-virgin hoe?
Teens dont share mediaspace with adults retard. They are also highly malleable and if ypu have ever been familiar with groomers you would know teens never make anybody wait and trust the most retarded shit. Like half of girls in my class at grade 7 were sendings nudes to fucking random pajeets on facebook. If I asked why its just "well he said Im pretty and asked". 
They make others wait once they learn by making mistakes. And people only ever learn from personal mistakes, teenagers are especially mistrustful of authorities and only follow what they know imperically.
your girl doesnt love you. her love lies with her past boyfriend who had wilder and better sex with her, her first partner who she felt guinely pairbonded love with, and all the sexually exciting men who bukkaked on her and passed her around like the worthless whore she is
she gets off knowing cucks like you are so desperate that you'll settle with chad's thrown away cumsock
teenagers never make anybody wait
incels don't exist.
they sent nudes to a guy they couldnt tell was a pajeet
I bet if you asked before, during, after, they'd say they arent ready.
The people that sleep with you probably don't care either way.
 couldnt tell
Dude they showed me pics of them and they were ugly pajeets. They knew. They didnt acknowledge that it was something of significance. 
I myself let and ugly short nerd grope my titties in the school backyard simply because he was curious. If he pushed towards sex I would have likely given in without even realizing what the fuck I was just asked of.
When/where was this. I was a kid and this was never the case. Bitches were stuck up. 
grade 7 
school backyard
This is part of it, going after the most developed males relative to the group. I dont think normal boys at that age would be so bold to isolate a girl and then ask to touch her boobs.
I dont think so, because when I asked her shitface drunk about her previous partners, she listed the dudes but then said she doesnt know what to add cause she never liked anything in particular about them and then cried sitting on top of me that she wishes I was her her first in all regards, but can only be her first love instead. An elaborate play you may say, however she literally just ingested a half litre of gin. She obviously lets me do whatever I want to her, but I'm not into domineering shit anyways.
Also when I flipped once and ghosted her, she literally stalked out my home and sat at the door in the snowstorm for six hours waiting till I come home from work (she didnt know my schedule) to ask me if I'm okay.
Sorry that you've never been loved dude, my condolences.
No the dude was literally from my class lol, and he has been simping for me since grade one, but didnt really ask anything of me before. I didnt think of it as sexual act, I had no idea what the fuck all that shit was about, just did "something nice for a friend" is how I saw it. He also didnt isolate me we were just both skipping pe class.
just depends how badly you want a gf / wife. its up to each person individually if being alone is worse than compromising on a virgin gf / wife.
You are a unique and isolated case. Why aren't you married to your childhood friend, or are you waiting for your attractive years to end so you can have him simp for you when youre old?
I refuse to believe that some people hate loneliness so much they choose to settle for non-virgins.
Dude Im like 27 year old femcel. The simp just left the school after ninth grade and I've never heard from him again. Literally why would I marry somebody I saw as friend? 
But most girls around were also extremely stupid and clueless, constantly getting involved with some sweaty groomers on online vidya. Literally they would claim that a person loves them when they were chatting to them from catfish accounts (of older women) and never saw each other LOL
I dont know. You settle because you want to. Can't you sense you have a mentality of
tell me what to think and what to doooo!!!!
?
You sound like you dont have a direction, asking questions like these. If I want to tomorrow I am riding a unicycle naked, I dont need to ask people why shouldnt I do it. Get a grip, you are a massive pussy and not for nothing but it could be your shortcoming one of these days, you will be in a situation that requires strenght and character and you will still be stuck on the 
so do I do this or that? what do I do? I dont know
You will ruin your life living like this. Youre an adult, get over every bully of yours and over every idea of "oof I am too stupid to do anything" and you will be ok
i just want someone to love and care about me
I'm not asking questions on 4chan because I want to base my life on the answers you dumbass, I'm just curious what other people's thought processes are.
they choose to settle for non-virgins.
anon loneliness will make men settle for a lot worse
But why? I thought people just get used to loneliness? I did. Having friends is nice, having a wife would be nice, but I don't need other people in my life to exist.
Really nigga? You dont know why people settle for a gf rather than empty sex? You are low iq i doubt you actually wanna figure shit out
What I don't get is how is having a non-virgin gf any better then just being alone, at that point a girlfriend is just an exclusive fwb.
You are just so touch starved you literally forgot how primally good it feels to squeeze a tender femoid flesh while breathing in her breast sweat. The last time you did that is when you were a baby so understable. But the shit is fucking hard drug. Drug addicts will literally suck their dose out of another junkies asshole if prompted. What do you want from people? Youd be the same if you tried.
claims femcels exist
claims to be femcel
doesnt want to marry childhood friend
This doesnt check out
resurrection
Cryptic post
