Women love coolness and hate neuroticism, that's why robots fail
i love coolness and neuroticism
No you don't, you love low inhib coolness or neuroticism light coolness at best, true neuroticism is utterly repulsive to women
yeah 
true neuroticism is utterly repulsive period
heres your captain obvious cookie
doesn't matter if you're good looking
You say that like I made my response in a vacuum. Nice one dumbass
So? That's your automatic response to anything that challenges your world view. It's like saying having fresh tires on a racecar can make it go faster, and you just respond every time that 'well the engine matters more'. Everyone fucking knows this already. Damn near everyone here has a shitty engine, so let's talk about things we can improve or change instead of making the same posts over and over again whining about how only engines matter and that physics only cares how good our engine is. Other stuff matters
They love that on tall handsome chads yea, that's why robots fail
No, women hate losers who don't get anything done. You don't need to crumble under the weight of your nerves, you just need to get a hold of them. You can have high neuroticism and still thug it out and accomplish things. Go lift weights or something, that's a good way to start. It reduces your overall anxiety levels better than medication if you keep at it. Also raises T which helps with mood regulation
again, this doesnt matter unless you actually get a chance to show your personality, which robots don't have.
Go ick yourselves disgusting femoids
huh
origingali
Shut up and spread that phat ass
Multiple things can matter, my post is about neuroticism. Just because other traits matter, doesn't mean they preclude neuroticism from mattering 
The ick should be written into law as a punishment for major female offenders. Female crime would drop to 0 overnight
this stupid meme again
manlet fingers typed this post
neuroticism doesnt matter when women have no idea if you are neurotic or not. They only bother to get to know your personality if you have good looks.
Women are just very disappointing in general, there's a lot to be desired. They are not very good at psychology or mind games either. Isn't that all they are naturally wired for? And yet they get filtered? I'm very disappointed. I'm not gay either, so perhaps I'll invent a new gender that I can be clinically attracted to. Not that I'm not attracted to women, but the residual disappointment is like bin juice on cake. I've had enough.
Very true, they sometimes convince themselves they're good at manipulation since that's supposed to be their advantage since they are physically weak, but most of the time the men are letting them have an illusion of power and 'mind games' for sex. 
Nta but I will dominate that lanklet pussy
You wish bitch, I'm 6'2 lelelelelel
whats your major malfunction then
you a n i g g e r?
women care so much about personality that they refuse to interact with or get to know any guy that they dont find attractive.
Multiple things can matter
Never said this wasn't the case
My point is that you can overcome neuroticism. Get a hold of it, make it serve you instead of the other way around
It's 100% true, proven by all studies and first-hand reports. You sound like a guy who is about to make an excuse
the same ones that claim SSRIs work, too?
ive been lifting for years, it doesnt help at all.
I was right, you are about to make an excuse. High intensity strength training is objectively good for you and it makes no sense that you'd compare studies that prove its efficacy to the big pharma funded studies about SSRIs. Why would the medical-industrial complex fund a study that directly cuts into their profits? Just stop and think for a second before you post
Sometimes we need to be reminded of the obvious because we forget
being good for your body is a very different thing than improving your mental state
why bother putting new tires on a car that wont start?
Why try to fix your engine when you can just complain that it's broken instead. Even worse, most anons don't even try to start their engine, they just assume it's broken because they tried to turn it on once and failed
ive spent most of the past decade trying to improve my looks to the point one woman would be willing to speak to me. It hasnt worked. what else am I supposed to do? personality doesnt matter to women one bit if they dont find you attractive enough to even speak to. Id do anything to get that chance.
I would take his word over yours.
It only matters when woman literally forces herself upon you. But when woman shows interest in you (happened to me multiple times) but discovers that you are difficult to handle, she will move on as quickly as she came.
fuck you op I would do ANYTHING to get a gf. they dont give two shits about personality though. thats why you've never been able to give any actionable advice in these shitty threads. what the fuck is an ugly guy supposed to do when women wont even speak to him? at best we don't exist to women, at worst thry hate us for being genetic failures. If you put me in the body of an average looking guy I GUARANTEE i would have a gf right now, but I can never show any of my good traits when women decide to avoid ugly men like the plague. if you have nothing that works why do you keep coming back and posting these shitty threads?
they probably notice that you're desperate, and desperation is a huge turn-off in general
HOW WOULD THEY KNOW THIS WITHOUT EVEN INTERACTING WITH ME???? WOMEN DO NOT TALK TO ME AT ALL. WOMEN DO NOT SEE ME AS A HUMAN. NO WOMAN HAS SPOKEN TO ME IN YEARS I CANT EVEN REMEMBER THE LAST TIME
sigh... improving your body improves your mental state. they work in tandem. i agree w/ the dude you're replying to. you ARE making excuses.
why don't you try it yourself? go for a jog, do some push-ups or squats or planks, put on some music and dance, play ball w/ a friend, family member, or neighbor. notice the change in your mood.
Everyon but robots know this.
But robots refuse to learn it
&lt;t. I haven't tried to talk to women in over 7 years
what are we supposed to learn? ugly men dont get the chance to show our personality in the first place
ive tried more than any other guy i know. No woman has ever been willing to get to know me. They refuse to even have a conversation
You're clearly a basketcase, that's why women hate you. You hate me because I tell you the truth 
Yup, see the guy sperging out above
lets assume that you're right and my personality is absolutely vile, the worst in world. Please explain how any women would know this without ever speaking to me, interacting with me, or really anything other than look at me for a split second
your desperation is off the charts just from my very limited interactions w/ you itt. i can only imagine how obvious it must be in person. say if you're talking to a colleague, neighbor, family member, store clerk, whatever. any female bystanders could be eavesdropping and get a waft and a half of your desperation. they probably smell it from a mile away. they don't need to interact w/ you directly. they hear it in the inflexions of your voice.
dw tho brotha. i'm pretty neurotic myself. but since i've been volunteering at a thrift shop part-time for a few months now, my people skills have improved tremendously. improving your social skills and losing that robot angst by volunteering somewhere or going gym is sth you can do. so make work of it king.
I already explained it to you in detail yesterday. You are clearly very mentally ill anon, you need professional help, or at least to accept that what you have goes beyond a personality issue and into literal mental illness territory
Anon
classic. you cannot win with just world fallacy normalniggers
your only explanation was body language, and when I asked you what specific body language would show them neuroticism you never replied.
so you think that its because women are eavesdropping on me? then how come this happens with every woman? Its not like every single woman I have encountered has eavesdropped on me.
Your personality is known and it's festering with mental illness. You literally are considered mentally ill on r9k, think about that for a second
you think women can read minds, yet im the mentally ill one?
i see you've never had a real relationship with a women
I think if multiple anons can tell how exceptionally neurotic and mentally ill you are based on just your posts, then people can tell even easier irl. I don't think I'm helping you anymore by replying, so I'm going to ignore you, good luck anon
Anon
Right?
Yes the average woman is much more fickle and neurotic than the average man, but that doesn't change the fact that they hate neuroticism
oh so you think women know my post history?? that still seems a little crazy bro, you better seek help.
I am fit, I dress well, I have good hygiene, I have good eye contact. 
this doesnt happen because women never speak to me
At all? If thats the case, try to forget about getting a gf and focus on your communication skills with women. Build some sort of a "ladder". Start low, like speaking with family members. Then with women you dont find attractive at all, like older women or fatties. Then you should go talk to normie girls, all the while not trying to get a gf. You are just getting to know people and learning to small talk. If you were to go on and talk to even slighty attractive girls right of the bat, you would fail due to anxiety even when not trying to get a gf.
Dude, I remember on /adv/ when you described how the last time you spoke to a woman you froze up when she tried to engage with you
Don't bother arguing with these people, anon. All it will do is give you mote frustration.
Why do you do this, I genuinely want to know?
Your mind is not separate from your body. Lifting affects positively hormone levels and hormone levels directly affect your mood. Not to mention the positive benefits to your self-image
I appreciate the post anon, but women i find unattractive do not speak to me either. nothing would make me happier than making friends with women, but they never reciprocate those feelings. 
i just want to be able to live one day
Because I remember what 
wtore.
He flat-out admitted that he approached a girl, was able to find a mutual point of connection about university, she engaged and he *left* because he had no idea what to say after he pre-planned remarks.
He needs to realize that the problem is his speaking skills, not his face or women.
women arent willing to have a conversation with me
You expect me to believe that you can tell the identity of anonymous people who visit this board?
in my country there is an aura of neuroticism around everything like they are spamming it through mind control weapons
I missed a connection with a spiritual flirty blonde the other day who was buying essential oils and saying how nice her kitchen smelled because of it, for example
she saw me walk by and I mumbled 'hey' then lit up and lingered around and talked too much to the cashier hoping I'd sweep her off her feet or something but no, the mind control gremlins won
When a guy repeats this mantra
women arent willing to have a conversation with me
20 times a thread every thread with the same writing style, same 4 points, and so on I can assume that, yes.
Its just like
that shows up and spends 18 hours repeating the exact same arguments that everyone who didn't kiss a cheerleader before they were 17 should LDAR.
This is terrible advice. They should just focus on other things/people instead of on women.
Oh, sure, but he still does it. I think he got a job or something because he used to post it every day
Women love the classic - tall (height), dark (hair and skin, doesn't mean dark skinned just not pale white) and handsome (self explanatory). very simple.
Literally why so many right wing guys can't get laid, they are just so damn neurotic. No need to get your panties in a twist about the fall of western civilization, it is what it is, we are just in it for the ride now.
any gymtard that suggests "just lift bro" as a cure to everything should be sentenced to death by dropping a comedically large weight on them
caring about what women want is a waste of time
Normalfags are the mentally ill ones. Especially in modern society that is not even able to reproduce itself.
btw, im still offering $1000 to anybody that has working advice for an ugly guy
Get plastic surgery if your flaws can be corrected, seriously.
saving up for bimax, custom cheekbone implants, and leg lengthening. Once ive tried these im just going to kms if its still not enough to get a gf, at least i can die knowing i did everything I could
it was just an example. but they could still hear you talking or read your body language in passing, and make a judgment within seconds.
as for how to say what or body language... there's no end all be all, and i would avoid relying purely on youtube vids for this kinda stuff. what's much more valuable, in my experience, is practice, as in learning it by doing it. be it sports, lifting, a hobby you have to leave the house for, or a part-time job (even a voluntary one). doing any of these things will improve your social skills significantly. the more you interact w/ others irl, the better you get at it.
I already lift, also I like climbing which gets me out of the house. And I work full time. I'm really not sure what else to do. Ive tried joining different clubs and organizations over the years, but the same thing always happens. Guys are willing to hang out and shoot the shit with me, but women won't even speak to me. ive also tried more dating apps than I can count, plus i bought premium on all of them, but no women will even match with me so theres no opportunity to show who I am as a person
https://www.insidehook.com/daily_brief/sex-and-dating/republicans-more-sex-democrats-survey
Conservative men have more, and higher quality, sex than Liberals
https://www.vice.com/en/article/paeekv/why-conservatives-have-better-sex-lives-than-liberals
Liberals suffer from much higher levels of mental illness than Conservatives
https://wibc.com/108211/pew-study-white-liberals-disproportionately-suffer-from-mental-illness/
Indeed, Conservatives are overall healthier than Liberals
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/unique-everybody-else/201902/are-conservatives-healthier-liberals
Also, Conservatives are happier than Liberals
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/10/20/opinion/conservatives-liberals-happiness.html
Conservatives are better, more accepting friends than Liberals
https://www.westernjournal.com/study-confirms-telling-difference-way-conservatives-liberals-treat-friends/
Socially Conservative people are closer to their families and have more friends
tl;dr - you got it backwards, kid
Talk to women every day
I'll get you my paypal
lol no
t. Wageslave
women arent willing to talk to me, thats my whole problem
why do you keep making these threads op?
i tongue female buttholes as a hobby
Why? It solves like a third of the issues all you retarded niggers have on this board. Stop coping and start doing some push-ups
ive been lifting since 2017, it doesnt work
