ain't no way to hide you lying eyes edition
Okay, Megan fox. Hehehehehehe
i am SO fucking tired of your lying bullshit jack. you know what i want and you don't want to give it. youve hurt me way too much already to be given any sort of pass. i am not a fucking disposable sex toy. stop trying to destroy my life. i am still picking up the pieces from last time. i don't know what you think i am but i am not a nazi, okay? i am not even a republican. i have no power. idk how many strings you are actually pulling for my life but i hope it's just the alt accounts. leave me the fuck alone if you're gonna do this.
*your lying eyes
lol i gotta proofread OPs
J
you know what ill copy paste in-format to make it super fucking clear. 
i am SO fucking tired of your lying bullshit jack. you know what i want and you don't want to give it. youve hurt me way too much already to be given any sort of pass. i am not a fucking disposable sex toy. stop trying to destroy my life. i am still picking up the pieces from last time. i don't know what you think i am but i am not a nazi, okay? i am not even a republican. i have no power. idk how many strings you are actually pulling for my life but i hope it's just the alt accounts. leave me the fuck alone if you're gonna do this.
you let yourself be a disposable sex toy? you should be ashamed of yourself
and i bet you come here too don't you? maybe even post? i havent just been schizoing out? lol if you do, real mature, wont have a discussion, has to leave it to basket weaving guesswork. "the better to gaslight you with my dear!" i bet....
i didn't. i thought he was gonna be with me forever. he lied then gaslit me for months. it destroyed my mental health. im so fucking tired of it.
J
talk to me on your real account or not at all. there is reason you use other ones and avoid using that because you want to be able to gaslight me about it. fuck you.
I miss my e-ex or something
It's time to just admit it.
i am not a fucking disposable sex toy
this is just blatant fetishism and you are in heat
that's a shame. it'd be kind of hot if you were
Meaghan 
I only want to talk to you, it's been an entire year since the last word you said to me and you wouldnt talk to me once about anything. If we could have just talked all of this wouldn't be happening we would be sitting next to eachother still and having fun and happiness the world would be so much more meaningful if you could come back and we could help eachother to understand and be what we wanted for 2 years I love you and I'm willing to do anything even when everyone is out to get me and accuses me of things I could never think of I'm only here for you
John
Over the course of my life it's become obvious that glowfaggots are what make things shitty and normie.
When it's the smart ones, like in the early internet, things can be cool.
But once a system has achieved a sufficient degree of glowfaggot interest from across the bell curve, the high school principals move in so they can start being important.
It's not tragedy of the commons. In tragedy of commons, you can at least still scroll through the youtube comments and find the novel comment.
In this tragedy, they just delete the novel comment.
*the last time you destroyed my life 
that is
Dear Unknown
It has come to my attention that I am not fully competent anymore, I have spent a good part of my life changing and adapting to a point of none normal communication or actions. Now I know deep down I mean well, I just can't relate to anyone at any level. I feel isolated with everyone around me and even tho they talk to me I just can't communicate on their level, I try to lower myself to this basic talk but I already know what they are going to say before they open their mouths. Mistakes are made and I am left to pick up what went wrong, I know all my life I had to be someone I am not and act a certain way to fit in but it gets so tiring. So for the best part of 4 years I decided to leave everyone alone and stay in my own bubble, away from their problems and drama. It was the best four years of my life, pure freedom 
So Unknown I speak to you in this letter as a way of thanking you for being here with me , with my nonsense rambling I feel better unloading stress and pretending I am letting out a small piece of aggression in to this space. I am starting to wish people could just live their lives in caves away from the stress and fast pace of life, which as humans we should have made better, but the people in control don't. 
So dear Unknown I just want to say thank you and I love you, even If you never see me or hear from me, know I am in this world thinking of you and loving you with cyber love.
Yours sincerely
Mr Anonymous poster
whoever you are you are wonderful
Nah, I don't need to hear from you moving forward.
You should try you can't regret just trying
Somethings aren't worth the effort.
You don't know that until you try and if it's really not worth it you'll know very soon after but I know that I want things to be different
Mom, sorry I called you a bitch
Dad, sorry I called you a bitch
Brother, sorry I called you a bitch
Work mate, Sorry I called you a bitch
Boss, sorry I called you a bitch
Cat, sorry I called you a bitch
Joe Biden..........Never-mind
Your premise that I have not yet tried is false. Ty for your input. Good luck to you.
K
In the end, truthfully, we were both true detectives all along
E
I'm sorry. Life comes at us fast. I had to make choices. I didn't mean it.
Nooooo! Don't go! I can be better this time, I swear it! I will never let you down or give you up again. Never run around or desert you!
I just wish Meaghan would try for me just once so I can actually get to the ending we deserve
Season one was good but then phased out.
S
i always have high expectations about our relationship wouldn't work out from the start because you were white, i regret saying no to you, it haunted me for weeks even months, i even regret flirting with you to make you like me, after a year i can finally say i can move on and live my life again without thinking about you, i miss you and love you always.
J
Do it like you mean it if you don't mean it I don't want it no more
Tell me I am not inundated with NPCs.
You are very delusional.
i know you don't care but i just wish i had you in my arms again. i went to an event last night and i was alone without you. i wish i could have you there with me. i wish i could have held you and danced with you and kissed you.
Meaghan 
I just want to reconnect and hopefully fix things even things neither of u s understand 
John
Yep, it's the hell universe.
You're welcome but I will never be satisfied until I reclaim my throne
Leave tonight or live and die this way
A kiss, huh...
I can't pretend that hasn't been on my mind since that moment we shared all those years ago.
s, i don't think i'll ever get over you. i feel bad for reaching out now. maybe i made a mistake. i'm bad at formulating my expressions. i still cry about and long for a familiar touch. you were my first.
s
the urges to commit suicide have risen tenfold the past month. i have starved myself to the point i have developed health issues and hair loss and i look even uglier with the dark bags under my eyes. i have no motivation to do anything beyond rot in bed all day. im at rock bottom and yet i still want to go lower. i miss you and i hate you while simultaneously feeling nothing for you or anyone. nothing brings me any sense of pleasure or worthwhile fulfillment. i should stop complaining and moping around. i just need to do it.
I feel for you anon. I hope you find some peace, soon.
why the fuck is everyone ignoring the mass-scale brainwashing and nigh-demonic possession???
yes these thoughts you are having are totally normal and regular, carry on.
Isn't this an oxymoron?
i mean it, do you
ah? great point
Yeah. It wouldn't be easy, but I'd so it.
Wistful daydreams.
That's the crux of you.
What do you need from me?
You may go where you like 
But you'II end up Here
Onward
I knew you were a fuckin fed who spawned into my life just to hurt me emotionally. Smh
if i could go back to the day we met i would have avoided you
2 of your problems are curable, I know of Movie 
Industry Secrets which can fix both quickly, 
Bad News is selfish, I'll only tell you of the fixes to your problems if you email me at KrylonCures@tutanota.com
I don't mean to weigh you down but I have been comtemplating whacking myself too, i even set actual tentative deadline for my birthday 2-3 months in the future. 
When I see these cries for help, whether or not they are "mopey" out of exhaustion or legitimate cries for help, i take them Very Very seriously and I want you to email me right away, okay? Don't delay, as soon as you get this (you) drop me a line and just dump whatevers on your mind. i dont' really feel worth a damn unles i can help someone else, i could've made a fine psychologist or counselor but i have psychiatric issues myself and am on neetbux for disability. 
Idc if this is a bit forward, even if there is a chance of this being a bot, I will not stand to see another robot brother potentially off themself due to a failed relationship, or whatever it is you're going through, you are more than welcome to dump on me whatever it is you need to vent about, because i actually do care for and about you. as katy perry would say, you're 1 in 7 billion, and the bottom line is, You Matter. Period. so i insist that you shoot me an email and let me help, K? i love you you son of a bitch if you don't stick around Robot9001 wont be worth it, and all hope is lost. hang in there. 
sincerely, 
youre embarrassingly sentimental long-time robot friend
Dear ___
I'm sorry for what I did. Gotta distance myself for a while, and I hope you realize you're in a toxic relationship.
May we meet again under better circumstances.
i wish love was enough to save someone
initials 
origigiginnn
maybe too many parallels is the problem, as in we get so many alternate versions of our own experiences running through ours and others minds it's like they just start compounding into the shared idea of what's really going on, all the while everyone still running their own separate wheels churning off more energy into the cloud, and that storm is just raging back and forth in and out of light showers to hurricane winds, and the real idea is to either see it all as perfect or do what you can to deal with the weather, or both, but you still gotta be dealing with the same laws of winds, evaporation and gravity sending what water where 
or maybe that's actually just a bunch of words and who gives a fuck what I think about what is basically just basic fucking social dynamics that dehydration don't foster into
Stop shoving a surveillance camera into my personal life and expecting it to be coherent. I'm not neurotic and I'm not explaining a thing. Stop defying my anonymity and sharing.
yeah what he said, that
Sup and so forth.
Start taking SecOps seriously then.
Love can't change the past, the past of a love-deprived man. Nothing can. Not even heroic shroom doses or Christ himself. Nothing.....
Never any less capable, but yes, finally, perhaps less willing to choose and ensure.
And for that I resent quite a few of you. I would like to not have to. I would like to not.
But you chose what you liked, and now I am tasked with bringing it all together. But then what? I have to love that much harder so you do not just end up all boo hoo you did it, you really did it, and now all I feel is guilt for what I put you through so I have to throw it all away regardless? 
! 
That is stupid. Both of it. Both of you. You too. And whoever else I know still lives in that place but I cannot unearth.
We are all going to benefit from my ramheadedness. Grrrrrrr
Heart 
Grrrrr
Heart 
Grr
Heart
Gr
attitude 
Gratitude 
Or it is easy but sad because everyone a blah
Just show me soon for at least one then I can give much more attentiongy to the betterest
Grandpa says 
Knock em dead kid
Then stop and smell their daisies
no I think those can probably have some effect
is their problem 
you gotta let jcrizzy be your shaman 
one the comfiest trips my life was eclipse when me and J jus hang out all time inside my body 
Androgynous mixture 
Felt baph if was bubble
Same. I regret ever giving you my number.
I don't know what the fuck you're saying but I agree
Can I have someone to talk to who didn't turn into a novelty-hating faggot who literally can't distinguish between moral superiority and effective PR? Can glowies make that thing again? If I have to just to just hang out with a girl, then can it actually be a girl?
Or someone who constantly bugged me about being included in music stuff and calling me lazy, so then I sent him a few dozen of the best samples I made and he does nothing with them and then I send him tracks to work on and he acts like I owe him money? (Same dude who wouldn't take it upon himself to do one iota of independent research into production tools.) Next life can I have friends who won't turn into fucking assholes when they hit their thirties?
For that matter can I have an actual family? Not just two women who are constantly angry at each other and vehemently despise men? Can I have relatives who don't noticeably denigrate anyone who reminds me of the men I who were my relatives before retarded women chased them all off?
Can I have anything in my life that isn't ruined by irrational dickheads with insane double standards claiming moral superiority even though they're the stupidest most philosophically inept and most dishonest people I could possibly imagine?
Can glowies stop doing things to force us all to hang out with total fucking faggots nonstop for our entire lives? Do you think that might reduce some social turmoil, removing the moratorium on non-fuckheads being permitted to associate with each other?
Is it really that hard? Is it really such a rare trait, an inclination *against* being a dishonest tool who just says whatever it takes for their faggot ingroup to get its way?
Aren't there still people who dislike being ridiculous, lying pieces of shit?
Here's a tip: If the only way you can tell yourself you're a good person is by thinking, "oh well reality isn't real anyway," you're not a fucking good person.
who the fuck says reality isn't real
Post-structural philosophy underpins the past 40 years of leftist activism.
You're right though, actually. Most of the people who do this have absolutely no clue about what philosophy underpins their dishonest, so I'll amend my statement:
If the only way you can tell yourself you're a good person is by finding an "expert" who says you're exempt from being honest about reality, you're not a good person.
Woke up today and realized that my only friend might as well be fucking Adam Schiff. Like it's the same fucking guy. I should just not have any friends for a while and then maybe I'll find the people who aren't unrepentant, voluntary thought police for a bunch of powertripping billionaires.
ok good to clarify that just making sure I am indeed not a good person
*sound effect*
Cool, so I'll just note a corollary here is that when you go around holding others to the standards a good person might be held to, you're also a hypocrite. I mean really, once you go there, you've pretty much just turned the corner on being a complete asshole and a fraud.
There is a reason most leftist activists hate each other. They tend to be very cruel and vindictive in general. It's not about building, it's about tearing down. Is some tearing down justified? Sure, but only the minimum necessary, and historical leftist movements often go far beyond that. Killing random white people with no power in South Africa doesn't heal the pain of systemic racism, only fuels it, and should a revolution succeed in killing all the whites there, who is next to be subject to the ire of the populace? It's not about power struggles anymore, it's about bloodthirst at that point.
Hmmm quite, indeed. As always, reading your posts carefully and making notes on my end for future contemplation and hopefully edification. Ah, perchance.
Many hate poor whites like me the most because no matter how much we care it's all "disingenuous white guilt" because we couldn't change anything even if we tried. But if we accept that and don't care about that which we cannot control.
And this is one example. There is no winning.
There's also that whole thing about how they emphatically reject material realism and how that's essentially a refusal to admit that other people have to share the same universe as you.
It turns out narrative continuity is hard to maintain when you've got 150 million twinks who are all secretly convinced as a matter of faith that they're the main character.
People can tell when you go join mob of retarded assholes just so you have safety in numbers. If they were all smearing shit on their faces with the blessings of Jeff Bezos, we could have the exact same discussion.
*control, we are hated for being callous.accidental delete
Try framing the problem in realistic, coherent terms instead of just acquiring the correct opinions and then refusing to admit you can't defend them.
e.g. in-group bias is the root of most of the valid problems along these lines. (Unfortunately, if this becomes widely admitted, then all the groupthinking, mobbing pieces of shit being played like a fiddle by the DNC will see their platforms self-annihilate.)
[In fairness, it's not just the DNC. It's the entire boomer faggot establishment. They think social stability depends on everyone perpetually living in the late 80s, e.g. Ben Shapiro.]
What a benevolent society where you have to join a gang and then lie your ass off constantly in order to have a life. What a step forwards.
sometimes it just makes you wanna LAUGH
I did frame it in coherent terms. I said only those with the power to change the system should be held accountable.
Your post is coherent if I take your conclusion to be that the realistic, honest position leads to the appearance of being callous.
I was responding to the tacit assertion that there's an obligation for people to "care" in some conspicuous way based on their race.
Oh, I see. I talk to and see many leftist activists spew vitriol at poor and average whites and then those whites have to walk in a minefield where others hate them for existing in a system they did not choose.
Yeah no disagreement there; I just think we should stop granting their premises. The ire should be directed at those in power, and it should be about intersectionality instead of just race.
So who is in power? Voters?
[Rhetorical question.]
[rhetorical answer]
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yes? no? I dunno what's the actual answer
they aren't responding. left on seen. does she hate me or something? busy?
i think he saw my text and just ignored it. why would you admit to missing me. it's not actually me you miss right? it's just k i think. why did you bother i am so lost.
Voting does very little. Usually the "choices" are limited in difference. If the voters vote for the worse side there is some accountability but really the main ire should be towards those actually failing to fix the legislation or how it is enforced. People like politicians, police chiefs, prison and ward owners, etc.
Also, to add on -- unless people wear their votes on their sleeve, you don't know who they even voted for. If you see a "MAGA" boomer, is he responsible for Trump's worst acts? In some small way, but only in being a useful idiot. He shouldn't be killed, maybe laughed at a bit.
But there are philosophies and worldviews underpinning the attitudes and behaviors of those officials, and we systemically select for a handful which are plainly harmful if we take it for granted that physical reality exists.
If we're going to do activism, then when identifying the problem to solve, why not at least find the real problem and then do activism based on true principles.
We all disagree on the "true problems". That's one of the biggest of the problems.
i feel that bro i think its just the nostalgia kickin yanno they remember things being better than they were and that illusion is immediayelu shattered when facing the reality. only thing for it is to recognize it for what it is which is a mistake and just carry on it hurts a lot when its somebody youd die for but simetimes you just have to accept that the best thing for others isnt always going to be you bro stay strong
There's such a thing as incorrectness in a system yielding predictable consequences.
listen to this guy, originally of course
Not way, my intentions were always erotic in nature, mutual feelings, 8"
Who predicts the consequences, and how accurately? Are they only fueled by confirmation bias? Etc. 
Few people have a strong enough understanding of a lot of policies to reasonably make comment. Some problems are more obvious but less political and harder to solve, such as the massive decline in social trust in a more diverse, mobile, and technologically advanced populace.
I miss you, my Catalonian prince. Please come back to me, apologise for your wrongdoings, tell me how much you have missed me, and I will welcome you back with open arms.
Never trust a catalonian, they might as well be jews
I'm not ok and i I'm tired of lying every time my parents ask. To my 2 friends that said they would be there if i hurt myself fuck you one for not answering since they got a partner. The other i give one chance if he doesn't answer i will finally do it. The best outcome is me hurting myself the worst I'm gone. I'm tired of lying that I'm not ok being alone it hurts every time everyone say they got no time for me. I'm on drugs every day lying that i don't abuse my meds. I'm so far gone theres no return anymore
You're just a faggot, and I can still dox your house if I wanted to.
N, even though you're my cousin I've been wanting to have sex with you for years years years. Sorry.
he's your cousin, incest is morally wrong
It's a female cousin
But why would you do that? I thought we were friends
