I just want love and happiness please come and speak to me I've been trying for so long now and I miss being happy together u would do anything in the world for good things to happen right now
Is there any hope in this world that people can be decent and good and just talk until we make up
I am thankful that there is a God and that you will die prematurely.
That's not how things happen why would want that I just need happiness and understanding with the person I care about the most.. I'm here just trying for that
If that's you please just look somewhere else.
I'm not trying to be mean but even if somehow you get a woman here, they're going to be the most vile, disgusting, cruel, bpd bitch.
More likely than that though you'll get a larper trying to get a laugh at your loneliness or even worse 
A tranny.
This is untrue people here are not that bad.. the nicest people ice ever met was from here maybe it's ruined now since zoomzooms seem to think everyone has 2 b evil and wrong if they're here but that was never the case
I'm worried for you John, you've made these threads for months now. Are you eating okay? Are you still homeless?
I was never homeless to begin with. No I'm not eating well I just want her to talk to me
I want to save her from these mistakes and people being broken I want to give her the good life I promised her and make things right I just want love in my life and happiness
just BE yourself lmao!!! xD
I must have misunderstood then, my mistake 
I know you must feel terrible but pease try your best to take care of yourself bud
Wishing you the best and I hope you and Meaghan reunite
Hello, friend. Are you still here? You look like someone I know irl. How old are you?
I doubt you know me I don't know anyone because I move around so much just trying to find a place I belong and I was very much sure that I did finally, I'm 32 I just want to reach her
Not anyone I know then. Care to give me some background on you and her?
who is her
sgfssgsgsd
Maybe she left because you're a gay cuck that sucked his cellmate off? Try grindr you won't get another gf in your life john
Never did that
I met her on r9k and then we both moved from the southern US to Midwest states and met eachother irl and played together and loved eachother very much for 2 years during that time I was put in jail for 1 month for calling the judge a faggot just because I had traffic tickets i forgot about where I spent the entire time in solitary confinement and it was right after she told me she was pregnant with my baby she stayed with me after I got out I guess she wasn't actually pregnant tho which sucks we were supposed to ve living together but she was being lazy and not wanting to pack her stuff or leave yet so we just kept seeing eachother and then a year ago she just stopped and freaked out on me saying things that made no sense to me I didn't know what she was talking about and when I took her home she ran out crying saying she didn't want to see me I tried to talk to her and stayed in town another 2 weeks and found her in a place I thought was an old friend of hers she still wouldn't talk to me and hasn't answered me once since then
she probably got the ick dude
calling the judge a faggot
BASED. The look on his face must have been priceless
wasn't actually pregnant tho which sucks
My condolences
What kind of things was she saying?
Just days before she dissappeared she started talking about getting married and we even picked a date and then the last day that I saw her she gave me a rose the entire time telling me how much she loves me and planning our future home in the woods away from everyone and 10 minutes later she was gone forever.. It just makes no sense how any of this is and she should be talking to me but she hasn't talked a single moment since,, I keep trying and I will keep trying I promised her just a week before her dissappeared that I would always look for her
based sociopath mae
How did she leave? Crying? Ran away? Walked away? Said she would be right back but just never came back?
She was saying things like "what if someone died" and I did not know what she was talking about and just being very strange out of nowhere and then she started freaking out and punching me so I tried to give her a hug while she was punching me to calm her down she said she wanted to go home so I drove her back to her families house and she cried and said that she didn't want to see me after getting out of my car
That is strange. Was she diagnosed with any certain mental illnesses? Or maybe was acting strangely a few days before? That sucks dude, no wonder you've made these threads for so long
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO M-M-MUH HOLE
PLS TALK TO ME HOOOOOOOOOOOOLE WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Stop being such a baby back bitch and get over some cunt abandoning you. It happens to everyone we just don't spend YEARS annoying the fuck out of strangers on the internet about the fuck hole running away (to another man btw)
She jas autism and selectively mute she might have other things cus she complained about things in her head repeating and some extreme head fog and terrible feeling she would mostly communicate by sending memes and I could very much understand her problems and relate to her as well as have good humor between us. I know she wouldn't be able to cheat like that or do something crazy she was so good and I love her I just don't know where she is I can only come here to try and get her attention
if the bitch wanted you to know where she is she'd contact you
stop being a pathetic shit on the internet and move on
There is nothing pathetic about going out of my way to find my love
who believes this shit lol
She probably found out about the 14 year old girl you raped, j c
Never happened
What's not believable because of covid they wouldn't let anyone be around people if they even suspected someone of being sick you get pyt in solitude and go insane for weeks
All I want is for meaghan to talk to me every one else is irrelevant her attention is all that matters as long as I have my goals and believe in her like I do
I ate a bunch of dxm tonight to feel like marshmallows and I probly won't make a lot of sense the world is small and me and Meaghan are mentally connected telepathic radio beams I will always be by her side I will bring her back and if she will please just talk to me things will change
they don't have solitary confinement in jail you fucking retard
that's prison
and you don't go to prison for calling a judge a faggot
so if you're lying about that, what else are you lying about?
I'm thinking it has to do with Hanako and Erica and god knows however many other victims
You are clearly not someone that been to jail if you don't know they infact do have solitary in jail
Well over a year at this point anon. This toothless mentally ill pedophile has been shitting up the board worse than trannies with his ugly face almost every day for over a year. 
Shes never coming back. You will die alone and the dude who had to scrape you out of your alley is going to laugh at your meth teeth.
