Why are so many young men dropping out of society? How could it be happening out of nowhere like this?
Yeah, nothing notable has happened in the past 10 years, what gives?
I mean, society is constantly telling me that they have no need for straight white cis males like me, so I'll just stay in my room then.
You need to contribute to society, incel
how is this fair?
we done told you that empowering blks was a mistake, Obama was a mistake. 
you didnt listen. now look at this mess. why didnt you listen? how did you reward us for trying to warn you?
you put us on death watch lists.
This is "empowered moms" the group shes talking about btw.
"Looking for inspiration for single mom self care and single mom life?"
Weird way of saying you're a dumb roasty who got knocked up chasing Chad, leaving your kid without a father
It only so many times some one can get shit on before they stop giving a fuck
Society can die for all Incare let's chad and women do it.
You had sex with chad, it stands to reason his son should be chad as well.
Lol not if he's raised by women. Or if he inherits mom's incel genes (high neuroticism, short height, uglier facial features etc.)
what did grandma mean by this?
Nope.
What retards have forgotten is that is a two way street, you have to offer something that is desired in return for contributing. Some shit money is not an offer anyone cares about.
Would you continue eating at a restaurant and paying the same prices when they served you nothing but dry bread and ignored you? Of course not, society is the same thing just on a larger scale.
Read it and weep cunts
NOT
MY
PROBLEM
Anyone got the archive of this thread?
His account got banned off reddit for this.
I'm 24. I smoke pot. I'm a NEET. I don't any motivation for anything left. My mom looks exactly like this.
I wonder what caused this widespread generational issue.
Men have no role in society anymore because everyone wants to be independent. They can't save up for a house because jobs don't pay enough anymore. They can't provide for a family because women don't want to meet them anymore. Even the arts have become to inclusive to people within specific social circles that they can't even express themselves creatively. What is a man to do in this day and age except go to work then go home alone until they wither and die?
I think it's unironically the internet
Internet just kind of promotes being a recluse and if you're at a young age and struggling with things in your life, internet is a good escape "from it all" and you can feel validated with many different things, be it vidya, porn, streamers/e-celeb etc.
This isn't exactly some unknown phenomenon but the social engagement you get on the internet is just way different than when you actually had to leave your house to socialize just a few decades ago
Such a shit meme, can't drop out of anything that never took you in
you posted it again? you couldn't even wait a week? jesus
nothing is wrong though guys, it's just men being lazy and refusing to self improve. move along
new to this board?
It's a puzzle really. Glad there are older moms who are starting to care and notice it as a distinct issue. 
Yea this is part of it, there's a sociatal expectation with being a man that you don't need the help to succeed. It'll just sorta happen. I work in an industry with a lot of very driven women, they all fret about their daughters but never seem to know whats going on in their son's lives, one even said "he's a boy he'll be fine" when I asked about what her 21 yr old son was up to career wise. The more intelligent ones just tend to think their son's will default to the trades... and then they end up hating it and they can't figure out why busting your ass in the sun for 44 hrs a week sucks balls and causes a mental crisis for some. The retarded ones think that success is literally given to men. 
Part of it to. It's not that I've ever really felt unwelcome, it's just abundently clear that I have nothing to offer for simply being "me" like other groups are made to feel. So unless I'm successful and competiting, i feel like nobody fucking wants me around. 
24 is still somewhat young. You've gotta start changing today, theres still time and everyone has something to offer.,
to manage the elites lifestyles, duh
Really, the outside world doesn't seem too interesting right now.
All of this could be avoided if you just took a shower.
But didn't on purpose.
Why do you want to see world burn?
Are showers THAT bad?
i take showers
make 80k per year 
go to the gym 
28 khhv.
I cant find the door to the bathroom
Improper upbringing and excessive modern luxury. This is the real price we pay for modern civilisation.
LIES!
Filthy lies!
Everyone knows that once you shower you're guaranteed to lose your virginity.
If you also touch grass, you'll lose virginity in a threesome.
Being virgin means you haven't showered even once, let alone touched grass.
Tragic.
Have you tried going to Quora and asking how to locate bathroom at your home?
There are couple smart people who maybe could help you with navigating your home.
homeless
Choice. There are so many ways to not be homeless and outside of a very few isolated cases homeless people actively paved their way to become homeless
suicide
Choice. Also statistically men refuse to seek help for mental health, even privately 
college
Men have more career options that don't require college, virtually any job for a female besides customer service requires a degree
out earning
Skill issue. We know per research that women are 30% less likely to receive job interviews after applying and are given less grace in the workplace for mistakes yet still outperform you? Sad.
homeowner
Skill issue. We know per research that women are 30% less likely to receive job interviews after applying and are given less grace in the workplace for mistakes yet still outperform you? Sad.
I've never seen women doing activism for us
Yes. The vast majority of advocates for women are women, you never helped us (except an elite few who perpetuated women's right movements to exploit them for profit). It's so bizarre that men whine that women don't advocate for them when you do literally nothing to help yourselves besides arguing online.
Never seen ads for...
Have seen ads for everything he lists. He needs to get out more 
"Suicidal? Ew."
That does not happen lol. People treat suicide like it's the worst thing ever. Literally no one has ever acted like this. He is making this up 
Men are children - "I can't play with the toy I want, so I'm going to go sit in the corner and pout until someone gives me attention."
Has anyone ever tried to make alt-society? Like a sort of monastery where men with no purpose can find purpose in living for themselves and each other (no girls allowed). If I ever get land I'll let robots squat on it.
it's this desu. being online is just the path of least resistance.
The reason they refuse to address the problem is becaue they dont want the solution.
They want to keep getting special treatment in every aspect of life while also blaming the "patriarchy" and masculinity why they failed at something.
They just want to find out a way to make these men shut up and go make them their milkshake at mcdonald without treating them like humans.
They feel like they are entitled to your attention and the fact even 1 man isnt worshipping the ground women walk on,paying for their handouts and taking all the blame for womens problems hurts it makes them scared more men will follow their path and they wont have anyone to be their ATM and punching bag.
They dont want to make them happier they just want them to understand their place and go back to work even if they are sad.
competition is all muddied. i know when i got my life together and a job and my own place at 27, women started liking me but young women are always glued to their phones and have the attention span on squirrels. it doesn't evoke the desire for me to try to get them or do better than other guys and at this point after a year of trying it's all seeming fruitless. i settled for an older woman who gives me pussy and is really good company and fun to hang out with instead because at least she wants to hang out and not be obsessed with social media and wants to do fun things. young women are a lost cause they don't want to do anything fun like build a life or commit to anything because they have so much windowshopping available on that phone
this girl i know literally had a kid with a guy, the guy did really well and bought a house and everything and she just lost interest and fucks other guys and flirts with them all day while at work. guy did everything right and lost to a fucking phone. what's the point? there's too much instant gratification and nothing "real" to have. and even if there's fun stuff like dates and going out it's all for social media posts. it's depressing
The government will shut this down, they don't want you going off and doing your own thing.
If anything like this becomes real(a space where only men are allowed) it will be slandered as a cult and once it catches on and nobody new starts joining fbi will raid the place and murder everyone still left and then say the cultists have killed themselves./plant cp and then lock it down because its a cp trading place like how they do whenever theres a male only community online etc.
Well how are you going to fund it. If its not a total shit whole you know the state is going to make a claim to invade or find some sort of bs law you broke making it or fine it into oblivion. 
At least thats whats happened so far with a variety of cults where if they didnt claim you were doing some sort of abuse they'd claim you did your taxes wrong and shoot you.
Don't let us dissuade you from making one though. Its based and maybe youll get away with it.
...
why has society done this to our poor boys?!
It really makes you think, doesn't it?
Feminism.
Making women go to work caused this.
Based and truth-pilled. The same shit gets posted ad infinitum here.
I always wondered why manual labour isn't respected anymore.
But I guess it makes sense, since you must be insane or retarded to break your back for pennies working among gypsies.
how retarded can you be
Thank God it's not just me. Makes me feel a lot better about myself. I really hope the world burns.
Fuck off normies!!
Fuck off!!
Fuck off!!
I'll keep voting Morena as long as they're looking out for NEETchads like me (I'll do it in secret though, because everyone in my family hates AMLO's guts)
There is almost nothing making the juice actually worth the squeeze anymore. You gotta bust your ass and pay a good bit of money just for the *chance* of getting some basic job that pays peanuts and can be done by a monkey, all while everything becomes increasingly expensive and lower quality just because some literally whos said it has to be. All while literally everything regarding being a man in general is actively axed in favor of bullshit quotas and oversocialization that seems hellbent on destroying the men inside them to turn them into consoomer drones. And on top of that, something as simple as getting your dick wet now has to be this overly complicated game thats just some more unnecessary bullshit thrown at you. Even something as basic as buying some bitchy, one story, cookie cutter house is becoming an unreachable goal from absolutely ludicrous price increases. I for one still work (granted I absolutely hate it and am going to either switch departments or leave for something else by next year) and dont seem to be doing too bad even for all my issues comparatively speaking, but I would be lying if there were not times where literally all of it just felt completely pointless since I would just get the shit end of the stick anyways. 
Are you kidding? Thats practically all what happened from the 60s to the early 2000s. Small communes and stuff labelled as cults were popping up left right and center, but after various fed crackdowns like Waco and Ruby Ridge to name some famous examples much of it went away. 
I come from a place once world renowned for its steel industry, and even today thats something of a source of pride amongst the populace. Labor jobs were seen as completely fine when they could easily provide more than enough for everything you would need, especially at places like the steel mills here. But once all that went away and the pay became peanuts on the dollar, naturally people started saying fuck that.
Dude I'm a doctor with good hair, nice pictures (rated 5-6/10 on photofeeler) and I can't even get a single match on dating sites.
I can't even get sugar babies to date me.As soon as they see my pics they stop replying.
Life is fucking hard. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I work out every day, I work hard, I try my best, and I'm still so lonely and depressed.
I've had to start antidepressants because I can't cope.
I have no idea what young men are supposed to do. I'm not technically that young anymore but it was the same when I was young. No matter how hard you work it's never enough.
Sometimes I wish I would just die so it would be over already because unless you're born a tall white Chad (which most of us can't be) the game is unwinnable.
I honestly don't even know what to do anymore. Just boosted on Tinder to try again and not even one like.
Any time up to around 1990, you would have dated a nurse, hospital administrator, or another doctor and called it a day.
Now you probably are too risk-averse for that - and rightly so.
Leftists deliberately destroyed workplace relationships because they actively hated all the people who got into such relationships. Their intention the whole time was to leave you with nothing. And now you have nothing, so they succeeded.
Don't do antidepressants, you're gonna fuck up your dick that way.
Just join ferlife and bring some recreational drugs to a bdsm dungeon, you'll get a gf easy.
*fetlife
On my phone, sorry
Yeah probably true. You can't even show your "personality" anymore because they made every avenue for it illegal.
Can't date patients (perhaps understandably but still) so no option there. Can't date coworkers so no option there. Churches are dead and just old people and small kids if you go. 
The only thing left is if you're a 6'+ white square jawed gigachad then you can get matches online or talk in clubs but otherwise hopeless.
I'm going to a nightclub with my cousin next weekend and I'll try cold approach. But man, if I can't make it and even get a single date with everything I've done in my life, what chance does the average young guy have?
It's so fucked up. It's Chad or death nowadays. Why even be a man? I'm anti-tranny ideology but if I was remotely bisexual I would probably do it at this point just to escape.
Dunno what mexican telenovelas u on abt Ignacio, but I agree. If boomers love working hard so much they can die at work. Fuck them
Thanks. I actually joined fettlfe once before but it seemed to all be dudes. If you think it's worth it I'll try again anyway. Why not. Nothing to lose. Life is fucked. 
And yeah, antidepressants are not great but they do help a bit compared to the alternative. Endless rejection and loneliness are psychological torture after a while if you are a sociable person. Need some way to float.
Bitch it's because you're like 50 and have ripped jeans
You are a fucking whore, you have always been a whore, and will always be a whore
I'm 40 and I'm lazier and smoke more pot than all of Gen Z combined, fuck you bitch, I'm gonna drive real slow on the highway next time I'm out just to piss you off
Quit bitching you nerd, you're a doctor, grab a prescription pad and keep a harem of eight junkie bitches
hahahaha thanks for the laugh. I'm drunk as fuck right now. It would be fun while it would last ... :)
Listen, have you ever been slapping across the face by a woman? 
If not, make it your life's goal
are you a NEET nigga?
STOP.
if you weren't getting matches on free tinder paying won't help. Just leave the west. Doctors can live a good life pretty much anywhere in the world.
*slapped
Sorry, I'm not a doctor
Yes, it's called... a monastery.
Oh you're forced into it at birth when your right to this planet and it's resources is stripped from you. It's not like you can just build yourself a house somewhere and fuck off. Someone's going to eventually come to evict you.
Yeah I'm looking at that. My mom is even now supportive of me doing it and says she would travel to try to help me meet women and try setting things up for me wherever we went since she knows I've tried everything here and nothing is working or will work at this rate.
Crazy world man. Never in a million years would I guess that not even being a doctor is enough for women nowadays. They all want 6'+ white supermodels and I can't be one.
That is probably what I will end up doing. Becoming a passport bro. Problem is I can't make money if I don't stay in the west and then my value is zero if I don't. Anyway whatever. No real fix. If you aren't born looking exactly one way at birth as a man it's pretty much over.
Why do young men drop out of society? Well look at my situation and what hope do they have? It's dark.
If by NEET you mean someone not in employment, education or training, then yes.
If, however, you mean someone who sits inside making thousands of AI generated images of fake vintage Japanese dog magazines, then yes, I am also that sort of NEET.
I've accepted it all, I'll figure something out or die, who cares
And no, I don't live with my parents, I'm like Kato Kaelin and various dirtbags seem to find me interesting enough to keep around
That's pretty niche. I make thoudands of images on Stable Diffusion but they sure as fuck aren't of that.. I need an artificial gf since real women want nothing to do with me no matter what I do..
Gotcha covered, senpai
lmfao well played you weirdo :)
Maybe I should use a different model, but AOM is good when it's good and when it's not it's fun
Nah there would be no point. If you were bi you wouldn't need to be a tranny. You could just get a relationship/dick off of Grindr.
Yeah absolutely. The only types of men that win in life nowadays are Chads and gay/bi guys. Lottery winners. The rest of us are fucked.
Get out there and claim yours, son
based this is the way to live, society and foids are seething tho
It's all relative. Maybe I'm wrong but I suspect that if you practiced medicine in the third world you'd still be top 10% income there right? The cost of living in developing countries is so much lower too. Sure You'll be "broke" by Westwood standards but you'll have a big ass family and a loyal wife,well.. so don't bring her back to the west.
What good is western money if you can't even use it to start a family and pass on your genes?
I make okay money myself and all it does is rot in my savings account because I have literally nobody to spend it on. 
Can wait for the collapse already we are in great need of a reset.
In order of importance:
Porn
+ Internet
+ Videogames
All these things fuck with your neurology in many ways, including ruining your drive for real life.
Porn is the worse, internet is also terrible. VIdeogames are ok in moderation
People keep repeating this but what else are you supposed to do if real life keeps telling you that you're not welcome and that you don't fit in.
Nofap was the best thing I ever did, even while staying as a recluse. Addiction will fuck up your brain chemistry in a way that you can't enjoy anything. Read, learn skills, learn software, try camping/bushcraft, you can literally do whatever you want.
Porn should be completely eliminated, internet should be severely limited (no more than an hour on the browser a day), videogames are OK as long as you're not playing 8 hours a day.
Make AI dog magazines, duh
For every 100 I make, only one makes the cut. I also write a poem about the dog breed in each prompt set. As the poems are destroyed after use, I feel that this imparts an aspect of "art" to this medium.
If someone on here wants to buy me a 4090, that'd really help with my workflow.
Probably good advice. I will contemplate it and look into it. Thanks.
The empathetic modern left.
How about this: Come pick me up, buy me some fast food, and then we'll go stand around Wal-Mart together hitting on women until we get kicked out. How fast can you run? I'll be a pal and run slower than you when it's time, I've got nothing to lose and I have a great lawyer anyway.
Just, whatever comes to mind, really.
"Hey, NICE MELONS"
"I didn't know angels could fly so fat"
"Damn, imagine the smell"
You can even be drunk while we do it. Don't you like being drunk?
You make good shit.
I really tried, but the working a showerhead was just too complicated for me.
Sometimes there's two knobs for hot and cold, sometimes it's converged into a single knob, sometimes it's a weird thing that pivots where you need to pull it up and then either to the left and right.
It was just too much for me at the time. I have a friend that understands how to use one, but it's an older model.
If you're American all the cities and towns and the culture are ugly and boring and depressing, so this is the main factor for both genders not just men. In europe, rates of porn and internet use are like half of the rates in the US per capita. Everything is beautiful and walkable, so people spend a lot more time outside.
Women
Uterus
Voting rights
Pink bandana
Roe V. Wade
Thanks! I appreciate it
I just started about a week ago, it's really fun and I've barely been sleeping
Wish I could monetize it, then I could take the doctor out hellcattin' and make him happy
Society hates the concept of a "boy's club" of any kind, like they literally use "boy's club" as an insult.
But I dunno, maybe we could get away with some kind of men's retreat where men just hang out and do boy stuff.
Like, The Boy Scouts for adult men.
You just hang out and shoot airsoft and grill burgers and make little tomahawk axes.
The Boy Scouts itself is no more. That now has girls in it. But maybe we can make the equivalent for adult men and at least enjoy it for a while before it gets dismantled.
homeless
fucking lol
choice
fucking lol
suicide
maybe this is because men have actual mental health issues that aren't solved by being shoved pills or talking to a meme therapist
Choice. Also statistically men refuse to seek help for mental health, even privately 
maybe this is because men have actual mental health issues that aren't solved by being shoved pills or talking to a meme therapist
Men have more career options that don't require college, virtually any job for a female besides customer service requires a degree
they're all shit lmfao
We know per research that women are 30% less likely to receive job interviews after applying and are given less grace in the workplace for mistakes yet still outperform you? 
no lol, data shows that women are nearly twice as likely to get an interview as a similarly qualified man
It's so bizarre that men whine that women don't advocate for them when you do literally nothing to help yourselves besides arguing online.
isn't feminism about promoting gender equality? shouldn't both genders be getting supported by feminist movements? when men try to help themselves or share stuff relating to men's issues they're usually seen as a "men's rights" weirdo or misogynistic. 
"Suicidal? Ew."
i agree with you here though, that part is definitely exaggerated
That does not happen lol. 
i agree with you here though, that part is definitely exaggerated
yeah, definitely, that's happening on a societal level worldwide. it's not like young men are being shown no valid reason to participate in society so they drop out of it. men are all just dumb 5 year olds who are throwing a tantrum.
jeddit post id ez9yt7
learn to google retard
where the fuck did he get $102 per hour from?
I'm ugly. I've got absolutely no reason to.
I can't even socialize with other ugly nerds anymore becuase those comminities have all been trannified, feminized, and co-oped by normalfags over the past 15 years.
This one is not perfect but I thought you guys would appreciate it so I'm sharing it
I was never sold on why I should participate in society in the first place.
That sounds like faggotry. Hang out with your friends, don't create a faggy excuse for it.
Because young men are absolute ass at providing value, or simply see no point in it because they don't fit in society. I provide value to society because as long I don't live in a fascist hellhole people WILL want to party and get drunk, so I have a financial future secured, and I get to have fun while doing it. Other people could provide value by being farmers, accountants, lawyers, I don't fucking know. As long as you enjoy your what you do and it makes you happy AND it provides some sort of value to society you're living the dream.
That sounds like faggotry.
The gay sex is optional.
Hang out with your friends
There are none.
The closest thing I have to friends are strangers on the internet that I play League with.
Again, this is an introduction to what society is like now.
They have been hacking at the knees of male interpersonal relationships for years.
Having something that's male-only is basically illegal and having something largely populated by men is inherently a bad thing. You can't play football on school campuses. Your life gets ruined if you say the word "dongle".
And what are WE then, nigga?
you're 100% right.
There used to be tons of male only bars, clubs, groups, etc. Now there's only a couple men's only golf courses left, for example, and feminists are trying their hardest to have them eliminated. It's absurd hipocrisy, since women's only-groups are all over the place. We've got to bring back the 100% male spaces.
what? Dude play some sports, play videogames with your friends, hit the clubs, go shooting. It sounds absolutely insane to me that you have no friends because "society" while I and every single dude I know has a shit ton of friends.
Being a League player doesn't automatically make you a friendless loser either, I have 3000 hours in Dota so we're similarly "retarded" in that regard. It's gotta be something else man. I just don't know you enough to know what it is.
Its to say that if a man feels like killing himself hes pathetic and women won't like him. He still might get sympathy but hes not seen as a man anymore.
That's why you need repulsive deeply nerdy hobbies
Then women will leave you alone
it's funny to me how so many people in this thread are blaming the young men
/r9k/ truly got invaded by normies
Go to an "uncool" event like a Magic the Gathering/Warhammer/etc. tournament. Especially if it is an actual tournament, and not just "commander night".
What if I'm not into nerd shit?
yep, while a suicidal woman will have 500 guys simping and trying to "fix" her. and people wonder why the male suicide rate is so high. if you're a suicidal woman, there is literally support at every fucking turn. if you're a man? go to a doctor and take the pills bro, that'll definitely fix it
losers have always existed and have been outnumbered. It was to be expected that safe echo chambers for said losers would too over time be eroded because they either stop being losers of kill themselves.
Try it anyways. Worst case, you burn fifteen bucks and an afternoon.
Just the other day I was with a buddy, he was driving me somewhere (no car) and he had to stop to give weed to some chick
She comes out and is showing us her tan lines in the car, her boyfriend is inside sleeping, poor guy worked all day
She starts being obnoxious, I make a witty rejoinder, she says "good thing we're not dating, huh?" to which I respond "not yet, ha"
She then asks me what I'm into, and I unapologetically tell her about the dogs
This one had an interview with Filipino daytime TV star Sammy Bautista about his new dog, it was heartwarming and it helped get a lot of dogs out of shelters
Shit not me, last girl I dated tried to kill herself after we broke up and talked to me months later to tell me just that and sort of to rekindle the relationship.
I ain't touching her with a 10 foot pole, I done dated crazy girls before, never again. I got enough shit on my plate I won't try to fix a crazy bitch.
lol god doesn't let me die. life is torture and there is no escape. i doubt anyone is even reading this, but we are being intentionally tortured by somebody who is more powerful than we are.
You're going to flip when you find out that like half of all modern men are like this.
Again, like OP said.
Those have been completely dismantled too.
A long time ago. Gamergate was in 2013. Magic The Gathering is now woke and inclusive.
The "dongle" comment refers to a coding conference in 2013 where a guy in the crowd laughed at the word "dongle" before a woman took a picture of him and tried to smear him on the internet.
Reduce women to property and outlaw divorce and allow men to execute women for adultery.
Problem solved
This one is a reject, but I feel like it is illustrative of your situation
It's like you're the small dog and god is the big dog
sounds like survival of the fittest to me in that case, I didn't even have to try to have friends. If some people try their hardest to do so but fail they were failures to begin with.
he will just keep reminding me over and over, "not only do i not get to have sex, you also have to get raped by a ghost!". he does this to me while he rapes me with a ghost.
if what i'm writing is true (it is), obviously this would have an effect on a guy. hes been raping and torturing me for 3 years straight.
he use to give me visions of himself putting me in a headlock and ass raping me. he rapes me until i try to kill myself, and forces me to live with nothing. but i'm not allowed to die.
Sums it up prertty well.
https://youtu.be/sgAu1i6aChs [Embed]
Rape is only torture if you let it be
What I'm saying is fuck the ghost back until it gets sick of YOU
nothing has made me laugh or has brought me more joy in the past year than seeing your comment, reading your comment, and knowing you typed it out for me
I really hope you are suffering from a mental illness instead of actually being raped by god, but you know what? We're all out here being raped by god every day, it's just that we've grown numb to it.
Are you actually listening to yourself? I wonder what your reaction to "Women actively pave the way to being raped by not loudly stating their boundaries and wearing slutty clothing" would be. I actually can't imagine saying something this retarded holy shit.
no, he literally rapes me. he kisses my lips with a ghost and puts a ghosts penis in my mouth. he pairs this with words to create agony inside my brain. he will tell me all my friends are having sex, everyone in my family, even the guys in highschool who i thought were worse than me. but not me. and then when i feel pretty ashamed at how pathetic and ugly i was forced to be, he starts to rape me. 
this is literally happening. he also sexually tortures me pretty badly, he makes it feel like there is a naked woman right in front of me, then he tells me that sex isn't for me. he literally makes it feel exactly like there are people near me looking at me all day long, as a way to make it feel like i'm being "watched by somebody". these are all torture methods he puts me through while he forces me to live in isolation.
Oh thank you so much, I'm laughing so hard, I'm going to keep these in a screenshot for dark times
like, i'll be standing outside smoking a cig, and i'll stare off into the distance, and he will suddenly make it feel like somebody is standing across from me staring at me, and i'll instinctively put my eyes down so we don't make awkward eye contact. hes probably done this to me like 15 million times in my life.
Wow, even mothers hate men now. It's really over for men.
I went to some LAN parties 9-10 years ago, zero women, mostly whites and asians, low stress environment because no one had to filter themselves, we were all in the same boat, no one gave a shit if you said nigger or faggot, no one hated you if you were fat or bald.
So how do I experience that again? First problem is barely anyone does LAN parties anynore. But I look at some other "nerdy" events in my area and they all seem unfun. Half of then are organized by literal trannies. They all have gay little "code of conduct" on their websites. I can't relax if I have to think carefully about everything I do. It's the absence of social pressure that makes gatherings fun.
But whatever. I don't even play games anymore. I'm a boomer in my 20s now.
It's explained in the image.
Not saying it doesn't sound a bit iffy, but it's there.
And still $19/hour for an unskilled teen doing a shit tier job? Not bad.
no, he really does all of this, exactly how i've described it. sometimes he will speak to me every 5 seconds. "girlfriend, sex, sex, boobs, girlfriend, you need a girlfriend, sex, you need a girlfriend". its a way to force me to keep thinking about sex, and how i'm a 30 year old incel. he literally does this as a torture technique, while he doesn't even let me kill myself.
he once did this to me for around 150 days without a single break. he only stopped when i smashed my skull into a brick wall like 100 times until i couldnt see anymore.
If you have to carefully think about everything you say or do lest you get ostracized from society at large then you might be socially retarded or autistic, likely both. 
I'm extremely low inhib and people tell me so all the time but I never get "in trouble" in large gatherings like parties, conventions, nightclubs or similar events where a lot of people gather and mingle.
Those code of conducts? Nobody reads them, I sure as shit don't, because they're literally written for retards that HAVE to be told "Don't touch random women inappropiately" or "don't yell nigger at full lung capacity when you get angry" "Take a fucking shower and use deodorant". People just hang out normally, codes of conducts are written for the lowest dredges of society, most people get by just fine.
That's what I'm saying. I remember when you could be autistic and socially retarded (yes that's me) and still connect with people and make friends. Now you have to be a socialite even to be a NERD.
these days he just sings to me all day long. sometimes i'll just realize, i've been singing the same song in my head for 5 hours. and i'll force myself to stop singing it, and it will just start up again. and if i try too hard to stop the music, he will begin to rape me until i start screaming and crying and groaning in pain. the song has been playing for around 3 weeks now i guess. it never stops. but he hasn't raped me too many times lately, maybe 10 times per day. which is such a massive improvement, i cant even begin to describe it. imagine only being raped 10 times per day.
I once went to an anime convention when I was 15 and dramatically yelled and rolled all over a table while the marketing guy for Viz tried to decide whether or not to give a stuffed P-chan to me or some teenage girl
He gave it to me and then I autistically ran up to her and gave it to her and ran away
Fortunately I'm cool now
what constitutes being socially retarded and autistic to you? The 3 examples I gave are things I have seen in either nightclubs or videogame tournaments. I found it incredibly hilarious how some people needed that to be spelled out. I'm not going to straight up assume you're a smelly racist rapist, (thought you might very well be a proud one considering the place we're in), but that's why I ask what is socially retarded autism to you?
Idk man. Being a little weird. There's just way more pressure to conform these days. It was always like that in normie spaces, but now it seems that way in nerd spaces too. Even online people aren't as open as they used to be.
I'm plenty weird man, I just guess some people's weirdness is more accepted than others.
This 102 dollars an hour is fucking retarded nonsense, the official stat is much more accurate and still shows the issue.
Exaguratting everything to such a comical degree is counterproductive mate.
If you actually compare earned wages to prices of commodities back in the day, people back then got about twice as much as workers of today get, and make no mistake, that is extremely concerning.
That 102 dollar number is absolute nonsense however.
Oh no, one of the tiny characters on your magic card is now fat, or a woman, or even a fat woman!
Commodities are important, but the rate of inflation on ahit like real estate/rent, health care, and education have far outpaced it. I don't give a shit that Boomers paid 10 cents for a coke, I give a shit that they could pay for college off of a part time summer job and save up a down payment on a house by skipping a few visits to a restaurant for a couple years.
If you can only afford 1/2 the apples and coffee a Boomer could, but have to pay 5 times as much rent as they did, you're never going to get ahead.
There's definitely unwritten code of conduct in society. When I was a kid up until around 15 I was super class clown, lots of friends, very extroverted. Then I became a porn addict around 15/16 and withdrew and stopped talking to anybody. Now after years of being isolated it's super awkward and weird to talk or be in social situations. You don't notice the unwritten rules if you're in practice all your life - it's just second nature, you don't have to think about them. But once you dip out of society and are out of practice, it's really hard to get back in. 
It's like if you were physically disabled for 4 years then recovered, and now your muscles are all out of wack from disuse and it's hard to walk or move normally.
All single mothers should go on a public list so every man knows to keep away.
Giga-Based and Giga-Truth-Pilled.
Men are made to breed and fight and work hard and enjoy the fruit of their labor
Nowadays you can't breed unless you're a very good looking man, you can't fight unless you want to go to prison, and you don't enjoy the fruits of your labor, you get scraps while your boss gets all the meat and your scraps get taxed to hell.
What's the point?
My mom always says she wishes she could go back and not give birth to me
It's not a big deal at all but people absolutely insisted that these changes got maid.
It's purely visual, there's no deeper meaning or anything political about it.
Except there absolutely is, because the people campaigning for these changes said that it was.
You don't know this, because of course you don't. You don't look into things whatsoever before having a strong opinion about it.
And also the community is being torn up from the inside for reasons that apparently have nothing to do with this.
And also every other tangentially related nerd hobby has the same thing going on.
In conclusion
1. It's not happening (scratch that)
2. It is happening but it's not a big deal (scratch that)
3. It is happening and it's a big deal (scratch that)
4. It is happening and you having an issue with it is a big deal
Nerds are weird, delusional conspiracy theorists that have strange issues with women, but you refuse to go anywhere else and demand to be let in.
What you're describing is caveman logic, and yes, this legitimately has to be explained to people.
Why is grogjak supposed to go and do things for a civilisation that continually treats him like shit and tries to boot him out.
No reason. You'd be a fool to.
You're right, no one's entitled to anything.
Everyone has their own personal agency. No one's entitled to anybody else's anything.
Men aren't entitled to a basic biological imperative, and everyone else isn't entitled to... men building civilisation.
I am sure this person was downvoted into oblivion.
Again, back to the "progressive future" comment.
This is the future we live in.
We build ramps for the disabled, change the dictionary to not hurt people's feelings and run ad campaigns to convince people that being fat is attractive, and when it comes to men struggling in any way, the response is "throw them off a cliff".
Here's another one of my posts where I talk about "caveman logic".
And yes, that's literally what it is. This is the thought process of a primitive ape with no moral compass or concept of altruism.
Incels are not entitled to basic human relationships and decency... but women are supposed to be entitled to safety from total rape and forced impregnation... funny how that works. Caveman rules for thee but not for me.
Stable male only communes have existed for ages
Usually there aren't any hard "no women" rules, it's just that women are what keep men anchored to society
Ask a police officer or anyone who's ever worked with the homeless. They are literally handed every opportunity conceivable to not be homeless, we waste unfathomable amounts of resources every single year to get them off the streets, get them jobs, homes, drug rehab, etc, and maybe like ~5% actually follow through. The vast majority throw everything they're given back in the face of those who give it to them, and we continue to spend money giving them homes they destroy and trash, drug rehab they often fail to show up to, and jobs they usually get fired from for very good reasons within a week. The overwhelming majority also have a wide variety of opportunities to have not become homeless to begin with, but similarly allow it and do nothing.
To become homeless might not always be a choice, but to stay homeless for any extended duration of time, unless you're in a very poor country, is absolutely a choice.
Just get into Linux, even women in that community are men
It's funny how leftists now support the big corporations hiring pinkertons to assassinate and harass dissenters.
I refer you to >>73145723
Yes. Many of them are told repeatedly that they will be evicted, thrown out, etc, if they do not fix certain conditions or abide by certain standards, and given a specific day, etc. And you know what they do? Exactly what they're being told not to do. These are primarily low-income, uneducated, alcoholic/druggie types with at the very least a list of misdemeanors. There's a reason the police are so familiar with many individual homeless in the area: they commit a metric fuckton of minor crime on the regular and are generally both a thorn in law enforcement's side and a menace to the public.
I mean, you do literally tell us that, but this would be more equivalent to going up to a girl and saying, "if you don't change clothes in 5 minutes, I am going to rape you right here." In which case, yeah she should probably do it given how blatant and specific of a warning she's given.
American culture is completely worthless.
This logic would work if other countries didn't have effective anti-homelessness strategies.
Honestly your prison lobbyists would probably never allow real improvement to homelessness because it would affect their profits.
okay
Why is this happening now
Why are 50% of all men in existence suddenly deciding to be "spineless losers with no personal agency"
You have no answer to this. No one does.
You like the idea of writing these people off as losers that can't pull themselves up by their bootstraps.
You like it so much that you do it all the way through the collapse of a civilisation.
You then arrive at a statistic like "50% of men are adult virgins" and you are absolutely at a loss to explain why this is happening right now specifically.
It's incompatible with your reality.
You can say "People are on their phones more now" or something, but in that case, the delimiter would be the phone and not the behaviour of the people.
I've met researchers and lab workers at ivy league universities in CA that are homeless because the rent is so absurdly high
I honestly have no idea how working class people in a lot of US cities are able to maintain a place to stay
I'm just gonna keep fucking around till it's time to blow my brains out with a shotgun. I was never part of society in the first place lol
You like the idea of writing these people off as losers that can't pull themselves up by their bootstraps. 
They *can.* They *choose* not to, because they know they'll be spoonfed anyway. Why improve, which takes effort, when there's a system that will reward you for not trying? It's no different from Shaniqua being rewarded for being unemployed with kids. Why would she work when she has the option to live off child support and taxpayer money?
It is physically impossible for that to be true unless you're defining "men" as exclusively men age 18-25 or similar. That simply does not align with the birth and marriage rates up until the 2000s.
you've never done hard manual labor
What is your height and race?
Are you making a joke of users on Quora talking like pretentious jackasses?
How come she didn't mention women dropping out of society? They absolutely are too
That's not relevant because that's not what most are doing. The majority cannot perform labor jobs. They are far too sick, old, weak, and ironically overweight.
yeah, sure. and you're a colossal piece of shit.
because they know they'll be spoonfed anyway
Are you talking about incels or the homeless.
It can't possibly be incels, because the world does nothing but say that they aren't entitled to anything.
Why would she work when she has the option to live off child support and taxpayer money?
Because living on welfare is significantly less comfortable than having more money.
I'm not on one side or the other. But that is one basic argument.
All men below 30, that's what I meant.
women don't do anything productive, so them "dropping out" means nothing.
the various attempts at "day without women" were flops because no one even noticed.
civilization is a purely masculine phenomenon, it's man's attempt to escape the cruelties of nature. women are among the cruelties of nature.
There was a study finding that most sexually active men/women are both more compassionate to the opposite gender than they are to their own (not just to partners/potential partners but even to random strangers). If you spend too much time on the internet you get the impression that men and women hate eachother, but irl that's not true at all. It's a negative feedback loop online.
go back to crystal cafe please
thanks
A lot of these young guys are real lost and alone. Some of them don't have as much backbone as maybe they should.
I try to help some of these guys as best I can when I encounter them. Life's hard enough on a young guy these days so the least I can do is offer a hand of brotherhood so that someone knows they're not walking alone down the hard road.
Sorry didn't originally mean to reply
Why would you want to participate in a society that hates you that has no valuable women to have and no way to get any substantial amount of money for a peasant?
Women think their jobs are important for the same reason that when corona hit the vast majority of essential jobs were low paid wage slave jobs.
The cogs who keep everything running aren't rewarded.
The useless middle(wo)men and corporate leeches are celebrated.
that's right.
There's two categories of people in the world: 1) the hardworking people who build and maintain everything and allow society to exist, and 2) the BSers. The first group gets paid shit for their effort, the second group makes off with everything.
Women are the true spreaders of incel genes. The more ugly foids get knocked up by chad (happens often) the more incels get born. Its why the muh hypergamy is eugenic crowd keeps getting btfo
IKR? They claim that all these issues are 
But when actually discussing the homeless individuals they switch sides and are callous kikes and eugenicists. I really think their goal is only to import more brown slave workers while rendering you defenseless and nothing more. And theyll say any feel good guilt tripping heart tugging bullshit they have to, to get you to let them do it. Gradually I began to hate them.
Dont forget that if some roastie points a finger at you, all your meagre savings from slaving away get taken from you.
Fuck em. Just rob shit.
I think you should leave the west too, things are much better in third world countries socially and you can live very nicely there
This is also really true. The US is a really awful country when you compare it to europe, it resembles the third world a lot more than it does europe. Problem is that a lot of people dont like americans (for good reason) so its hard to break in to groups
T. Lived in europe
Nah dude then they just try to get you arrested
Parents have always resented or even hated their incel sons. Its just worse now because parents cant show you off on social media now and keep up with the joneses, so theyre much angrier.
Not gonna lie, if I had a gun I'd kill myself asap.
I've never had a sense of ambition during my whole 28 years.
I still remember my principle calling me mediocre when I was finished with the final exams.
This, society is apathetic at best and openly antagonistic towards us at worst. The cherry on top is that except for the very highest status parts of society, women are doing much, much better than men due to massive support for women and the opposite for men. Most men who have 'dropped out' don't even hate society, they are just completely apathetic and numb since there are huge environmental factors against them, and because their suffering being ignored and marginalized has been normalized to them. We live in an effective matriarchy even though no one admits it. Even in the very highest status parts of society, where males have more power, they actively enforce matriarchy. 
The gender of the most powerful people is irrelevant in labeling a patriarchy or matriarchy if the cultural norms and practices are effectively matriarchal, and especially if those people feel (and are often correct) that their power is contingent on continuously enforcing ridiculous matriarchal policies and thought. It's game theory and a race to the bottom to impose increasingly ridiculous and self destructive policies amongst powerful sociopaths who are only concerned with their own power and not the overall state or trajectory of society in general. Corporate and capitalist culture just reinforces this since it encourages sociopathic tendencies and bending to the will of crazy fringe groups instead of doing what's in the interest of the overall society
we have got to find a way to move these young men forward [into a job, into having a purpose and direction in life] 
I've got an idea! Here's what we do. Ok. 
Follow these steps and it'll fix everything, you guys. I promise. This is how we ensure there's a future for young men.
My boss at work openly treats male employees worse than female employees.
because hes a worthless simp faggot. Simps should all be slowly skinned alive i swear.
fuck off bitch you voted for this bullshit (feminism, cheap immigrant labor, etc.)
Take your meds please.
Why? This is the century of the woman. They can handle things for a bit while we take it easy.
Europe will be as brown as america in 2 generations and its beautiful.
Nah. I've lived in Australia, Europe and the U.S.
The nicest parts of the U.S. are the nicest places in the world, at least on par with Switzerland. And even the complete sub-human shitpits like L.A. or San Francisco are not THAT much worse than the bad parts of Southern or Eastern Europe. They have some real gypsie hovels out there.
Because women that don't want to work just find a le trad provider bf and become house wives. Unlike men who get stuck at their parents' home indefinitively.
I want to have sex with a loving girlfriend and eventual wife.
Not gonna happen.
Chicano here, 
Pense que los Mexicans de Mexico son mas extroverts?
Que Paso con usted mijo?
Simple as. Though it might be more complicated for failed normalfag type men
Trolling or neocon? The US is so much worse than the very worst gyspy or black areas of europe. Furthermore the nicest parts of the US are rural areas where nobody lives and where there are bo buildings. There are a couple small towns you can work remotely from that are nice. But in europe, almost everywhere looks nice. Im permanently moving back there once I get my shit in order.
Maybe youre a fed?
We didn't fail society. Society failed us.
An economic collapse would be a blessing, I welcome it with open arms.
Stop reading right here. Thanks for outing yourself so quickly.
he's right albeit
Wasn't the whole feminist paradigm about how the police and institutions will always victim-blame the other say?
Remember folks:
Women NEVER do anything wrong
This but unironicly. originaI commentt
Trappist monks. Have a look, sounds like what you might like.
Cut off ~2 generations of men from money and pussy and see what happens.
Globalism and outsourcing to Red Chinese slaves is a race to the bottom. Insane costs of living.
Fuck apps and social media ruined everything. Now even average men are now incel.
I just want a fucking UBI, so I can truly rot in peace. I want nothing to do with normies.
Broke NEET incels are a tiny minority that won't change anything.
The idea that women are intrinsically valuable while men need to bring something to the table rather undercuts that whole "equality" deal, doesn't it?
I'm 29 years old. I moved out of my parents house six years ago. I've been lifting, saving money, working on my career, working on my wardrobe, working on my hygiene and social skills and making friends and making money and getting out of the house every day and losing weight. 
I've tried every dating app and literally the only thing that happened was a handful of women would pretend to be interested in me up until I take them out, buy them stuff a couple times and then they ghost me. I flew up an internet girl that I had known online for 15 years. She stayed with me for a week, I dropped over a grand on her, then she was no longer interested in me anymore. "Just ask out people irl retard" okay, I tried that. Multiple times with multiple different women. All of them said no. Even if I was friends with them. Even if took time trying to slowly befriend them at work for weeks, so it wasn't a cold approach. The only women who have ever expressed an interest in me are obese. I am not obese. 
So fuck it, a couple of weeks ago I just quit my job and now I'm just going to try to figure out what else to do with my life and stop even considering women. I would rather jerk off and play video games then date a boring, unattractive, uninteresting fat woman who only makes me feel shame and failure when out in public with her, and who I would never actually lust over. I am happier going to a strip club and paying attractive women to dance on me or do whatever I want. I am happier going online and finding a discord/onlyfans girl who will just do and say what I want. Fuck women, I'm so done with it. They honestly see nothing wrong with just asking us to devote our entire existence to making their lives better for no reward. They don't even understand why anyone wouldn't be happy with that offer. It's fucking impossible unless you're extraordinarily lucky or have extremely low standards. And I mean fucking LOW.
The kicker is those fat women probably have already had a dozen dicks inside them before you.
holy fuck anon, please seek irl help, I am really worried about you
These things are not ok, you deserve a life without such suffering
I know. I got to the point where I was literally approaching women in real life that I am not even attracted to just to test the waters. I'm not even a loser, I was honest about working hard and self improving for years. 
When I can take the spare change in my wallet and get a couple 8+/10 girls dancing on me and twerking on me and then go back to my nice apartment filled with almost everything I want to own and yet still I get rejected by overweight women. The last woman I tried to have a thing with, I did get her to be involved with me for about three weeks before she ghosted me. I don't get it. She was overweight. Had barely any friends. Wasn't interesting. Was broke. Had no car (I have two vehicles both paid off) and she still ghosted me. 
Well, what the fuck man? I go to the gym. I'm not broke. I'm not a manlet. I have friends. I don't know what the fuck they want anymore. I can literally afford to go RIGHT NOW, TONIGHT and have a hot 22 year old escort do whatever I want with me. That's possible, that's on the table, but I still can't even find one fucking woman somewhat around my own age to try taking out on a date or hanging out with and being friends. The system is broken. It feels like I have to ascend to a 9 to get a 3 now and honestly at this fucking point give me one reason why I should even go out there and continue to debase myself anymore? Just leave men behind then, go on, you mother fuckers carry the torch of society. I did everything I was told to and still, all these years later, all I get is normalfags still moving the goalposts just trying to find what I did wrong so they can explain it to me. Doesn't matter anymore. Fuck your explanation. I'm almost 30 years old and I haven't had a relationship my entire adult life. Now I'm supposed to BUY A HOUSE so I can marry a 28+ YEAR OLD OBESE WOMAN AND MOVE HER INTO *MY* HOUSE THAT I WAS WORKING HARD TO EARN WHILE SHE FUCKED CHAD HER ENTIRE 20'S? 
NO. ID RATHER JERK OFF/PLAY VIDEO GAMES.
Are you the Harley guy?
Unironically and literally stopped reading.
You're too dumb to breed
Yes what an honor to finally be recognized after bitching about my life on here for like 10+ years.
I don't want to breed. I'm an antinatalist. Try again bitch boy. I'm honestly not even that concerned with fucking at this point. I know how/where to fuck. I want a woman to literally go on dates with. Watch movies and go on hikes and cuddle with and shit. That's way more difficult to find than a whore.
It's posts like these that make me think the incel = gay retards might have a point. Why would you want that? If you're a typical incel, your whole life up to this point has been a sausagefest. And your solution is to take that and make it 10 times worse?
By every objective measurement of how people live, the US is vastly superior to Europe. You just prefer the way that Europe *looks*, because Europe's very poverty means that large parts of it look "quaint" and "historical" - because Europeans are too poor to improve them.
The US looks the way it does because structures in the US were built to be comfortable and efficient and to allow the use of the automobile. And in terms of how people live their actual day-to-day lives (across the entire time span of their lives, and not just for a few years as an early 20's college student or NEET) that layout is vastly superior. Some crumbling village in the foothills and the Apennines looks "quaint" in a photograph, but actually living there and dealing with its inconveniences is a miserable grind. That's why those places are emptying.
have you considered that maybe you just have a bad and boring personality? all of your problems are fixable. stop being a crybaby
It's posts like these that make me think the incel = gay retards might have a point. Why would you want that? If you're a typical incel, your whole life up to this point has been a sausagefest. And your solution is to take that and make it 10 times worse?
Not that anon, but a large part of the misery of being a low-status male is the constant parade of humiliation. Everyone around you continually rubs your face in it, even without trying to, just by living their lives.
Most people can't do that. The idea of running away to a place where you don't have to be around Chad and Tyrone metaphorically laughing in your fucking face every day holds an attraction for some people.
cant make this up
where can I find your work ai-dog-anon-kun? also what is your process?
idk what that means to you
i don't really give a shit
i just want to play vidya
Not that guy but the LAN parties I went to you could've yelled nigger as much as you wanted but that was before the spread of unironic white supremacists in these circles so everyone would've understood it as a meaningless joke.
I know dudes who have a bad and boring personality but still get laid so I don't think that matters as much as other things
What a massive made up issue. Most people are wagies and participate in the society. Even when things get bad as Japan, people still contribute. Coming automation will make low tier men even more useless. This is just how things work. There is no collapse coming because worthwhile men are already in society and the minority of incels don't mean much.
And how are you gonna cope about half of millenial women being childless? Keep in mind those hags are going to collect mentall illnesses, anti-depressants and cats like pokemon cards for the their lives.
You niggers just demolish everything and put nothing in it's place, spreading out like a fucking cancer. US is a decrepit shithole literally everywhere you look.
If you live in America, Britannia or Australia, your culture is consumption, your prospects are dwindling, your women hate you and you understand your neighbours less and less with each passing year. 
Without pride in country, without family, without religion, what reason is there to get out of bed everyday. It's fine for your average NPC who enjoys vapid consumption and partying but to anyone with a shred of intelligence and emotional sensitivity, we are living in the wastelands of civilisation.
Was what we built worth raping the planet over? Were the species we conquered worth what we are going to leave behind? Does the roastie cunt who made this Tiktok even have an internal monologue? 
I think no on all counts. 
I say God bless any man who decides to collect welfare from the government and say fuck the system. 
I'll keep working a 9-5 for now. I have goals... I think. 
But we all know it's a big joke.
https://www.mind.org.uk/information-support/types-of-mental-health-problems/schizophrenia/treatment/
boys want to troon out
yass girl you go queen
whoow whoow hold it we need to investigate further because we don't know the long-term effects
Yes. I know I have a personality that isn't attractive to women. That's the only conclusion I can come to at this point. No, I don't really want to do anything about it. Not that you can just "change your personality" anyways but, literally reworking my desire and personality when otherwise entirely functional just to appeal to the opposite sex is one of the most pathetic things I have ever heard man. I don't think I am boring, women think my interests are boring. I can't really do anything about that now can I? 
If my personality is just going to deem me permanently undesirable regardless of anything else I do, then what?
You can't win if you don't play. If you don't go out there and try to date women normies will just tell you none of your experiences count and that it's your fault for not trying and not touching grass and being a broke neet who can't afford to take a woman out.
Wow you sure showed everyone here
I'm agreeing with most people's sentiment here. I don't know what your problem is. 
Also, I'm salty about not having a girlfriend or a wife. I wouldn't exactly call it losing to fuck a woman multiple times before she ghosts you. It's not really a win or a loss.
that's her choice bigot
you dropping out? that's nto allowed incel.
your problem is that you have a materialistic view towards relationships. you want things from her, not to mutually give and love to one another. everything is about how other people see you and getting an attractive woman to benefit from and flaunt. 
the funny thing is many people are like this nowadays and its a symptom of our culture of consumption. 
it sounds like youre on the pipeline to buying prostitutes
Literally and unironically stopped reading again.
How many ways can one man tell us he is retarded?
I've been buying prostitutes for years now bro, where the hell have you been? Do you want me to just be voluntarily touch starved when I have the money to afford it and the social skills to navigate finding and going about that? That's sort of my problem with women. I've been able to go and literally purchase vagina as a commodity for fucking years now yet it's extremely difficult for me to find a woman that I can like... Take out to movie and then go on a hike and have a picnic with. I would unironically prefer to have a wholesome lifestyle and THAT is what's impossible for me to find. Trying to date/love/bond with women = rejection and ultimately, failure. Just throwing money at some whore = an attractive skinny young woman trying to make me cum. 
It shouldn't be so difficult for me to find one and not the other. If women don't want to be treated like a commodity than why is it that I cannot find a woman under 200 pounds that doesn't act like a commodity? 
not to mutually give and love to one another.
You just made that up. I know I have plenty to offer and would love to have someone to give it to. 
Women do this to me and every other man, so what? It seems like you only have an issue with someone having standards if they are a man. You can become so unattractive that you are less appealing than nothing/nobody. Most women find most men less appealing than nothing/nobody. I would rather just have porn, video games, male friends and hobbies than an overweight woman or, god forbid, a woman my own age (29). If that makes you seethe, sorry. Porn and video games >>>> the "average" American woman.
Wanting to breed makes you not only a retard but also a pretty shitty person anon. And, a failure by your own admission if you haven't personally done it yet.
i can see why women dislike you because you are buying prostitute after prostitute and want a woman who looks like those prostitutes but isnt one, and who will look past your fault of being a chronic prostitution lover. why should she trust you to stay with her through thick and thin if anytime things get tough, she knows you can just go fuck some other hotter younger woman for 200$ and you have no problem doing so? the funny thing is that you degrade these prostitutes yet act like youd die or suffer some terrible illness if you didnt get to cum in them.
Stop dressing like a fatherless teen girl and calling yourself "empowered mother", maybe that way you will stop embarrassing your son and making him want to kill himself.
5 European countries are the whole continent
its pretty wild, I keep going out of spite to be honest but I've more or less given up on apps and people irl are similar to apps.
to name a few things, on apps likes come through painfully slow but I've been on over 10 dates and it always ends in ghosting or flaking, latest was one girl I went on 3 with, things were moving forward and then 20 minutes before coming to mine she flakes, then ghosts me. Its ruthless out there. I have dreams of getting a job in my stem field which keep me going but I would like a gf, someone to share life with but none of the girls I've come across so far are decent or are even interested in me it seems. Where do you go from here? I've met a tonne of girls with shit character and shady pasts and its the norm now.
That's because women don't view non-Chad males as men, or even human. Any empathy women have for men is exclusive to Chad.
this is me but i'm khv neet at 33
