How would you respond, robots?
I dont even know 250 people.
jabba, yes.
fuck no. thats so gross
No chance it would get to 3 months without that topic coming up, but if somehow that happened, there's a pretty good chance I would kill her on the spot
Ghost her. Seriously dating the local bicycle is just asking to have guys that have had a ride laughing at you behind your back. Good chance too that a lot of them will try to "reconnect" laterbfor another easy fuck. That's potentially 250 men that will try to get her to cheat on you, awful odds.
Well if you ask her body count and she says 4 it's probably 250 anyway
Female yes, or maybe male yes. Whatever damages the poll the most.
I would date the whore but not take it serious, she's just a free prostitute.
That comment section is insane, crazy how many ''men'' nowadays are cucks
Most men and women who took the poll said yes.
Forgot to post the screenshot.
Leftist ''men'' are complete lunatics, this kind of shit makes 4chan look sane
having a good man as your father > having a average man as your father > having a below-average man as your father > having no father > having an abusive man as your father > having a nigga like this as your father
No, but I'd say yes in the poll to psyop women into more readily giving away their honest body count and making it easier for me ti filter them out.
Why is it always women asking these types of questions?
Everything a woman says is a lie anon
 charming, successful, hilarious
Male sexuality doesn't work this way. Amy Schumer is evidence of this.
Made me imagine a situation where you text an onlyfans whore and there on the other side instead of an army of pajeets she hired it is her father supporting her business.
Because they fucked up and are desperately trying to delude themselves into believing they didn't fuck up.
Wow, thats amazing. I imagine her being a legendary succubus, and I can have sex with her whenever I want, thats actually a dream come true.
As long as I am her choice, and she loves me I would love her back no matter what.
Easily yes.
banana split
Man and the answer is no. Men are usually repulsed by sexual promiscuity, especially when it exceeds their own.
