sick of normies/coomers on soc.
hey. 21 f usa. struggling with mental illness, bpd specifically. into gaming, digital art, music, youtube, and more...just anything to distract from the pain.
looking for some cool ppl who won't judge me for my issues and are down to talk or play stuff together. it's tough to make friends when you're feeling like this, but i'm trying. maybe we can help each other feel a little less alone. also if you're ok with leading convo thatd be sweet. im bad not cuz im being mean but cuz im autismo.
pic related is me. pls no coomers. just add me and say hi! lets get to know each other. ive lurked r9k since a kid, so we are probably similar ^^
discord tag is hug#2725
show tits and pussy or nobody fucking cares
fuck off attention seeking whore
origi
I think Kingdom Hearts 358/2 is not as bad as they say.
Timestamp or shitpost.
This cunt has extreme mental problems, everything was fine until I said she had a cute voice, then she immediately hung up and blocked me. That was not a sexual statement but this bitch has a stick so far up her ass, it doesn't matter.
You should die theres already too many of you go away lol
Leave a vocaroo at least...
"ive lurked r9k since a kid, so we are probably similar ^^" No you're a fucking normie
lead convos please beacuse im boring as shit
every fucking time lmao
We're not subscribing to your of you goddamn fucking diseased whore
Im here thinking i could fix her. Why am i so delusional?
I am thinking she could fix me.
Can't save this one anon. OP has been run through, used, and abused, and keeps going. Just pump and dump her or else you'll end up resenting her.
discord tag is hug#2725
>/soc/32074340
that's what bpd demons do, they pose as innocent in need of saving and then they ruin your life, anyone who adds deserves what's coming to them
nobody would want to talk to you here either except for the same pathetic coomers desperate for the slightest chance of female interaction. please kill yourself and livestream it
Delusional is not the core of the problem, desperation is.
that's what bpd demons do, they pose as innocent in need of saving and then they ruin your life 
This, do not add this crazy bitch. Have seen her post her tag with similar posts all over 4chan in the last few days. She unironically probably has 100+ adds and dozens of guys messaging her. Ofc she will only pick the most attractive 1% to stay in contact with
I spent a lot time with bpds, autists and hardcore schizos in my 20s. I know the tricks. Can't help but think i could help her.
I dated a bpd and mpd girl for awhile. I was new to dating so I didn't realize the pile of red flags I walked past to get to some pussy I could hit raw. It's only looking back now I realized how demonic her behavior was, and she'll hide behind her disorders like a shield. 
Any chick with mental problems is recreational use only for me now until I can find a wifeable woman
Male. Obviously not the girl in the picture. Avoid
This girl is notorious for dating losers from 4chan and then ghosting when bored.
not a girl like the others thread #3795
21 f
dumb girl spotted or terrible larp
you can't, it will never happen. BPDs are unable to love and can only abuse, period.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eq50A_euPhE [Embed]
Can't help but think i could help her.
you're a codependent retard
You go to 4chan to talk to retards. You can't save anyone not even yourself. If you still can't get this through your thick skull then jump off a high place and do everyone a favor. Don't need another fucking wahwah story because you couldn't learn from the mistakes of others to leave these fucking creatures alone.
 sick of normies
Bullshit. You're just waiting for Chad to text you back.
 struggling with mental illness
Nah, you're just an asshole.
 looking for some cool ppl who won't judge me
Ahahaha, grow the fuck up. Of course if you act like a piece of shit then people are going to call you on it.
 pls no coomers.
Too late, already came.
Tits, or go die in a fire, bitch.
that's what bpd demons do
She ain't even bpd you fucking moron
Can't help but think i could help her.
Ur the bpd
Any chick with mental problems is recreational use only for me now until I can find a wifeable woman
LMAO. Ok chad
i am a 43 yo balding sudanese 5'2 janitor
Add me
Draygo
Normal guy who has normal job and lives well
Down for friend and not a loser like the rest of the thread
