low conscientiousness = death sentence unless you can turn creative pursuits into income
People act as if you can just train yourself to have a mindless work ethic. You cannot. I've tried. The more I try to instil work ethic in myself the more my life turns to pure misery. Some of us are not cut out to spend 8 hours a day doing completely meaningless activities for the acquisition of life credits. 
Nothing makes me more suicidal than the idea that I will have to work my entire life. When I see people who have a great work ethic I honestly just wonder what the fuck is wrong with their brains. Day by day minute by minute chasing with all their might some elusive end goal that will inevitably never come. 
I can only hope that full scale automation and AI comes to save me. Because if I have to work more than 5 years more I will kill myself
i think most people work to get to a physical goal whether it be to get out of the slums or buy something
dont imagine yourself at a shitty job cus that stomps on any type of hope
no one wants to work but its either that and buying things you like and talk to co-workers or be cold, homeless and alone
you're probably hell older than i am with more work experience than me
but i am trying
iktf
part of me does admire the drive to grind for something and get it
but i fear that i would become infected by workaholism if i went down that road
like. imagine if you worked your ass off to make enough money to never work a day in your life again, then you end up the exact kind of person who has to work to keep busy because you've ruined your brain into working mode. it's like those boomers who worked for so long that once they retired and are millionaires with pensions they just...end up going back to wageslaving again because that's what their brains were conditioned to do
being cold, homeless and alone unironically sounds more appealing and comfy
this is precisely my position. but anytime I attempt to explain this to anybody people just want to cast me off as being lazy. People are simply completely conditioned into wageslavery
OK
articulating my thoughts and feelings about life is something I like doing and does not feel like work to me. As well as making music, painting etc. This was my point
work is menial repetitive tasks that require the suppression of natural instincts in a rigid environment for monetary gain
until you get stabbed by your homeless camp neighbor because of his undiagnosed schizo
Just write a book and shitpost to the world. I'm reading you right now!
