I see a lot of hatred directed to incels and blackpillers, I never understood why there is such pure discrimination against us as this isn't the life we wanted, but the life we were given.
We are always labelled as freaks and evil people but where exactly does this all stem from?
Maybe the misogyny and murders. Idk, thoughever
Because most people who call themselves incels harbour domestic terrorist views.I know what incel mean though because I am one too but we both know the word has been corrupted.
people on the bottom cite determinism, people on the top cite free will. there are examples to prove both right. 
there is also a factor a lot of people here dont really see that women do, most socially active women will eventually run into or have a friend who runs into some sad loser who makes her have pity sex with him which later turns out to be his go to card for getting laid a couple of times a year. makes it easy for them to jump to the conclusion that all losers are like that just like its easy for guys who has never seen women being interested in them to figure women are only after very attractive men. there are a bit more factors that goes into play here but humans will naturally try to sort others into categories like spoons and forks but where does the spork go
Do people actually believe this stupid shit? With that logic all musiess are terrorist
Is it just me but this looks like a bot post along with that image? Mundane twitter meme accompanied by some generic "insight" and "wisdom".
i am madara uchiha
Women deserve it.
Well people do believe this and it is true. Go to incels.is and its full of terrorist shit. Most incels are normal people but would not admit to be one because it brings bad rep. Muzzies are also a religious group and somewhat of a race to Americans so they get a pass but incels are fair game. People also want an convenient insult but what better one is there then calling someone bitchless. 90 percent of non-racial insults of internet are just different ways to call someone a virgin.
I don't really know if this is a fair argument since every group throughout history has its bad apples, if I were to guess I believe it's more the harsh reality that people do not like to accept.
For example You don't see people insulting and discriminating Muslims over their teachings telling them to slaughter non believers and the religion being responsible for some of the worst terror attacks in modern history, but incels are somehow bad apparently and are the trash society
just you. 
instead of opening to the concept that your world view might be wrong you want to convince yourself there is a conspiracy that only you and a handful of other clearminded individuals can see.
I am not saying there is a conspiracy against me or incels but it's a pattern I have noticed a lot here. Kind of cringe. Well maybe not a bot post because he practice the media we consume.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apophenia
It's too late to regret. Reality is just cruelly moving forward
true only moving forward is the way
There's literally only been one fucking guy who killed cuz he couldn't get a gf and that was Elliot, even then, he never went on the incel forums or 4chan or any of this bullshit. Fuck off, statistically there's been waaaay more trans murderers then incel ones, why aren't we labeling the trans community as evil then?
its biological. "useless" reject men were cast out of the group to die in the woods.
It's easier for people to make fun of those they view beneath them and pretend nothing is wrong with the world, than to acknowledge the faults of our current societal system and try to apply changes to rise everyone up. We've replaced human intimacy with convenience, and it will only get worse. Once AI girlfriends come out and the birth rate drastically declines, maybe they'll finally pay attention to us instead of insulting us. Maybe.
This has always created problems. Even back in the day when Incels weren't that of a problem. The useless cast out men formed brigands and started messing with the Civilization. It took great trouble and violence to put them down.
