HAHAHAHHAHAA FUCK THIS WHORE. DIE DIE DIE DIE!!! YOU NASTY POS WHORE. FINALLY SOME FUCKING GOOD NEWS IN MY LIFE.
What the Hell is BV
he told me after trying to donate plasma
Cool story bro
And it's crazy to me how poor this person sounds. Why don't you get screenings regularly? It hardly costs anything
Based Chad giving aids to whores
Bacterial vaginosis. Stinky pussy
I hate how much gleeful the pain of females make me
Rethink your life if you think think is good news. Seriously.
Sex havers btfo (both male and female)
He told me he has HIV
I stayed with him and continued having unprotected sex with him letting him shoot his hiv positive cum in my vagina and mouth
I got HIV
WTF HOW????
WTF?????
Women shouldnt be allowed to vote.
You misinterpreted it. She never said she knew he had HIV before being penetrated by him
This is fucked up, but I have not an ounce of compassion for them left. So, just lol
i slept with an easy whore who sleeps with anyone and i got AIDS as a result
how could this be happening to me
Have sex with someone she doesn't know
Doesn't even ask him to put a condom
Oopsie daisy!
The dude already had AIDS
This girl could have given me a chance. I'm a brown manlet autist. I work as a programmer and make decent money. But no, instead she prefers to get HIV off some Chad pretty boy who himself probably takes it up the ass.
Let that sink in. In 2023, women would rather get aids than date a manlet! HAHAHHA.
All unmarried sex havers should get full blown aids. Inshallah
Nature is healing Alhamdulillah
What value would that whore have provided to the world besides being Chads #263738292 cumdump?
She still deserved it. Why she sleeping around with strangers RAW?
Literal AIDS ridden whore. Top kek.
Bug stats: Chased.
POZZED
KEK
LOLOLOLOL YOU GET WHAT YOU DESERVE
It's sort like a billionaire's house burning down. Individually, it is a tradegy. In a cosmic sense, it is funny.
Reading comprehension. Learn it
I can barely get text back and nigga with AIDs be clapping pussy every day . Idk if I should see this as a blessing or a curse
If in California she is sol as the law is on his side. As far as the health seriousness, it's non existent. It's actually insane how far we've come for this to the point it's a non issue. Your allergies pose a bigger threat to your health in comparison now a days.
U gotta take meds for rest of your life though
Why would you have unprotected sex with someone so soon without knowing if they are clean?
he continues to sleep around
Absolute based chad. Some men just wanna watch the world burn
isn't aids a nothing burger that can be cured now?
Seems like a ragebait post, but it's such a female response to a situation like this to prioritize her own ego and status over protecting other people from getting infected. Female empathy is a myth
True, but she can still have sex unprotected without passing it on. She can do everything she could in the past with just a bit more difficulty dating.
Monkey brained foid saw nice face and went teehee me bounce on your cock then loses her shit once she sees Chad had a hive
To the people in this thread if we take her for her word, she isn't q complete idiot. I read the comments and apparently the man she slept with she knew for almost a year. It could be bs she added at to save face, but let's try to give her the benefit of the doubt. A lot of the comments were helpful but also ridiculous. It was near the end of the comments she mentions the details I added but before then everyone said she had zero fault in this.
It can't be cured, it's just not as deadly as it used to be.
Ashalomu aleikum mashalllah
Spooky vaginosis
She knew he slept around with many girls
you don't die from hiv anymore
just take a metric ton of meds
Manwhore get the rope also. He not only ruined her for any other men but he is ruining even more women for other men.
In a just society he would be lynched and his body burned in an unmarked mass grave.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTTtVBePQYM [Embed]
knew for year
i doubt they had been friends for a year, she knew his name and that's what knowing him meant which means he was still a stranger and getting fucked raw by a stranger comes with risks
metric ton of meds
in America
Yeah you're fucked. Enjoy financial ruin.
It's based. Making beta, sloppy used cunt accepters marry literal aids ridden whores lmao
she knew for almost a year
Do you think a guy knowing another guy for a year is the same as a girl knowing a guy for another year? There's a clear gap of understanding of character. Women (in America) simply don't care to know information you don't give off just like that, and they don't bother asking any questions about you. Length of time you know of someone means nothing.
She gets what she fucken deserves.
stank skank
Based chad giving stacys HIV.
I don't know how to tell my parents
This line says it all.
They know they are doing the wrong thing, constantly.
You thought condoms were a meme? enjoy your aids
I'm a 23 year old virgin and scared of having sex. By my age the best case scenario is a woman who *only* has herpes or some strain of hpv.
Based, anyone who has sex before marriage should take note.
still sleeping around
Good, infest and kill these sluts. Should've been more responsible.
Based mudslime
Son of a bitch, I forgot the image.
Pixelated is everybody in this thread.
I'd rather be that than a western degenerate.
most girls i've fucked i've fucked within the first 8 hours of meeting them
Certainly. To be honest, "volatile" is only an insult in the decayed and effaced context of modern western society. Like I said, based mudslime
BASED. Hope they f word dies.
But she wouldnt, you can get treated and never suffer any consequences
Also there is literal no legal repercussion on him. You can't even legally talk about other people aids condition lmao
Bright side of this is women who's mating preferences select for gay men (or otherwise dysgenic high time preference types) are cut out of the gene pool.
AIDS is fucking scary, if an infected has a child it will have AIDS too.
She should have sex with as many incels and virgin men as possible to get back at chad. Teach these rape apes a lesson.
r/LeopardsAteMyFace
Women made me suffer a lot in my life. I feel good when I hear about their suffering.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN THERE ARE CONSEQUENCES FOR LETTING HUNDREDS OF CHADS BLAST THEIR PENIS PUDDING INTO MY MEAT CAVERN COMPLETELY UNPROTECTED?!
keep making fun of virgins slut HAHHA
Nooooo, don't punish my prescious Chads
It's fault of those fucking chudcels
Let's infect all of those virgin losers
Imagine being THAT retarded.
(Well you don't have to)
i am entitled to sex that im owed
NOOO NOT LIKE THAT!!1
retard
If you refuse eat rotten, parasite infested meat you're not REALLY starving.
Go pester Chad with your diseased cunt.
He probably already has everything you can infect him with.
How are you actually falling for this bait? Christ, you're retarded
actually fuming, havent seen someone legitimately seethe here in awhile
