She has 25k+ followers too and I don't have break a 100. It's that easy. Just be yourself.
Post the contents of your DM.
yeah i mean she just replied. we'll talk when you wife her
she wants you to join her legion of simps anon
Reminder girl in your pic only dates asian men.
Have you fjucked her yet?
I'm not american and it's not in english but I can greentext it.
We are still talking. It just happened.
Fair enough.
I don't simp for any girl.
I don't really care. Let her date whoever she wants to. I also date mostly asian.
Not yet. If she is close enough I might try to get her to come see a movie with me.
do you have pictures of yourself on your ig acount? are they good?
i might try the instagram thing but i'm embarrased about having just 200 followers and not a lot of personal pics
The thing about publicly posting girls who reply to your DMs - they're doing it for everyone else to
Ask her how much plastic surgery she's had. She looks more like a doll than a human being.
I have only one picture in my instagram and you can't really see my face but you can see my body shape and arms. It's a good picture that a friend of mine who is a professional photographer took when I wasn't looking and he even edited it for me.
I only have family and a few of my close friends on it.
Could be true but if they reply back then I have some chance since I can ask them out after talking for a little bit.
I thought she was asian herself using makeup to look white
I have only one picture in my instagram and you can't really see my face
i dont think she will go to the movies with you lol
Too late anon. She already agreed to. We'll be going out tomorrow.
Convo or bullshit
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATT
(good will hunting momento??????)
i get balled baby/doll all the time and i have no plastic surgery :/
I already said I'm not american and the convo won't be in english.
Now just because I'm going out with her doesn't mean anything yet but it's nice to have hope.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
i thought you liked le movies.
post it as proof tho. we'll translate
I'm not posting it.
Wait until you find out her bf manages her social media and uses it to drain money from simps.
That's fine. I respect the hustle but I'm not paying her for anything or even paying for our date. We'll split it.
