What made you mean, apathetic and having no morals? What's is the point of being an asshole? I'm asking in a logical way as why and what made you guys the people you are today?
simply because it is more rewarding, if people are useful, i'll keep them around. If they're not, they can fuck right off. as for why i am the person i am today, idk, i am the product of the environment i grew up in i guess.
I'm still a kind, and empathetic person who has scruples that I adhere too very tightly
I just don't respect normalshits at all and realize that normalshits are the ones responsible for most of the bad parts of society
If a person seems like a normal person, I will go out of my way to ignore them and if I get even the slightest reason I will actively try to shame them
why though? it doesn't change anything, they'll still be a bunch of genetic defects and you'll have wasted your time and mental energy
What made you mean, apathetic and having no morals?
What? Who said I'm any of those things?
Being treated like the ass of society for 30+ years and still being expected to worship the ground normies walk on will do that to you.
Too lazy and faithless to improve themselves they lash out at anything even slightly weaker than them. 
"I'm better than at least him" he says to himself as he disrespects his brother. But he isn't better. He's even worse, having defiled his own immortal soul with acts of disrespect towards other divine pieces of creation.
you'll have wasted your time and mental energy
Not at all
I have tremendous amounts of mental energy and I only lose that shit when I am demoralized by thinking about the inherent qualities of life, regardless of human beings or human society (even though they have magnified this qualities)
I do it because I hate them. It makes me feel good to make regular people feel bad
After all, regular people will constantly try to make me feel bad, even for doing something like exercising in a nonconventional way
Hell.
Yesterday I was doing dips at the park. There was a group of normalshits nearby playing some game, and they were all kind of paying attention to me because for whatever reason people are kind of drawn to me.
I was staring at the moon and one of them starts singing the twilight zone theme loudly.
Now I could be conflating things, but they likely just saw me being a way that they are not, considering things that they don't consider, and decided it was a thing they should try to make me feel bad about
They were all losers though, so I didn't really care.
with acts of disrespect towards other divine pieces of creation
No
For every ONE human being that fits this description, there are ONE HUNDRED human beings that are filthy and immoral, that seem as if they congealed from elements that do not include a soul.
There are certainly human beings who are a physical expression of love, and by extension divinity.
They are not common, and when you DO see people who possess that quality, it becomes obvious that most other people do not
An unlit bonfire is still a bonfire. Are you so afraid that your flame will run out of you share it? Fire does not run out.
that's an interesting analogy. i am still unsure whether you can kill empathy in a human being. people who turned out into sociopaths due to extreme long term trauma as children - are they hopeless? can they still feel fully human ever again? lots of people who think they are apathetic or low empathy may actually turn out to be very high empathy individuals that numb out any emotions as a coping mechanism
Whatever you so believe, you go to the place where it is true. Choose to believe in something nice.
aspd sociopath anon itt right now
 What's is the point of being an asshole?
There isn't any. Take the Peter Singer pill anon, he knows how to save our unethical minds and society.
born in dysfunctional as fuck family
mother is a BPD cokehead that laughed at me getting sexually assaulted as a kid
could always see the forest for the trees and how literally everything is just manipulation and constant shit flinging everywhere
DURRR Y U SO CYNICAL/BITTER ANON???1?1?1?1?1
nta but this is literally just being smart. you shouldnt live for no one other than yourself, act always on your best interest
fire does not run out
Perhaps not the kind of fire you're talking about, but fire cannot spread into water
The people I'm talking about have nothing to sustain the fire WITH, all they can do is try to put it out
Many human beings have no real soul, and are only interested in spending money
is it enough to just believe in something?
What made you mean, apathetic and having no morals?
Not having sex in my formative years.
What's is the point of being an asshole?
To release pent up stress.
Anything else I can help you with?
Only if it's genuine. If you cant make it genuine, it's worthless.
Love doesn't run out. But if you get tired of pouring your love into someone, it's fine to move on. You don't deserve to have your gifts disrespected.
There is an ancient African saying, if you don't give young men a place in the village, they will burn the village to feel it's warmth. I am fortunately not like that anymore today, but I think that's where the rage is coming from
Getting brutally cucked by the love of my life did it for me. I used to be an eternal optimist, now I'm a doomer.
