How come black and brown men never look deformed like this? Why is it only white men?
(not me in pic and not racist as I am white myself, just curious, just asking a valid question)
He doesnt even look deformed hes just bald as fuck
You've wasted months of your life doing this.
What, have you looked to black peoples faces? I think we are so used to their deformities, that we don't see it anymore these days. Look at old depictions of blacks to see how someone that only saw whites, see niggers.
He is at the cinema alone watching Super Mario Bros. He is a deformed freak.
I suspect the OP has similar balding issues, and he posts these to make other people as insecure as he is. It is the ultimate self loathing, to want to see other people suffer with you. Demorilization agents like op are the most pathetic bottom feeders on this website. Remember to hit sage
MPB disproportionately affects white men at 2-4x the rate it does other races.
mindbroken by white aryan chads
Why are wt0ids and asian0ids constantly having a beta off on this website. You are both bottom of the barrel low value males.
Whites rule the world abd dating market. Cope more lol
why would you watch it alone?
looking rough sam, like 40 years old
face of an exhibitonist cuckold
Who else would he watch it with?
Yes, whites do age like shit. From what I understand he is actually 20. Brutal.
Yes fitting for a onions male. Do you have a switch?
I asked him and he said he has never owned a Nintendo console other than the Wii, but that he was strongly considering getting a Switch soon.
Dating != Sex. When will youwt0ids learn?
You know, you sure do have an awful lot of unique pictures of this guy that you "aren't"...
Well he does post to other boards a lot. And I talk to him on Discord like I have said before many times. I worry for him.
Aryans are Iranian, retard.
They're deformed mentally.
Aryan was the traditional term for a historical population now called Proto-Indo-Europeans. Iranians are partially descended from them, as are Europeans. As are their languages and cultures.
Genetic inferiority. There I said it.
Sex ideals are white. Cope brownoid.
whotf is this goy and why is he a meme
He is a meme? Source???
You need a beanie
Why is it you think he needs a beaner?
I wonder what Samuel will eat tonight. Kebab? McDonald's? Domino's?
Goddammit white men... What happened. Seriously. What in the everloving fuck.
