tfw no cult of qt japanese femsimps
Pokeballs on sticks
imagine a whiteboy's face being worshipped like this. impossible lol
jesus(white)
I stumbled onto the Japanese kpop stan side of Instagram and its uhhhhh intense. These girls literally devote every waking moment to their oppa. Its literally a cult.
it's certainly possible 
t. spiritual sex haver
No wonder anti Korean sentiment among young Japanese men is rising. 
Imagine being a sexless Nip incel meanwhile your women would rather literally worship Koreans than talk to you. 
Its over for Japbros.
If we needed further proof of the female genders insanity
How is this meaningfully different from waifufags?
These girls are cute too. Wonder why they choose to become femsimps.
Exactly lol. Men are hypocrites.
These girls are cute too.
How do you know? They're hiding their faces.
No one who has a waifu has the option to have anything other than a waifu.
They show them on their stories sometimes. In general Japs hide their faces on social media a lot. If you go on Japanese tinder, most girls, even the really cute ones, are hiding behind a profile pic of a cat or a plate of food or some other random shit, many japs seem to have a weird complex about hiding the face.
Not really true desu.
 Exactly lol. Men are hypocrites
Cute nip girls with options aren't like ugly retard waifufags
99% of waifufags do little more than jack off to porn of their waifu. Very low-effort, low-commitment shit.
Meanwhile, husbandofags will literally spend thousands building a goddamn shrine to their crush.
Dont explain it to them. Theyre literal melts
Whats a melt
you leave my shrine alone 
he will communicate to me
thru my sleep paralysis
and be granted access to my supernatural meow meow
I think it means wimp or loser
gotta hand it to you, your dedication to being a femcoomer is almost admirable
is real, thank you! 
he visited me a few times
he should still be here xoxo
did you manifest a tulpa?
my friend/potential love was killed. he visited me when the moon was out.
Cap oruurirueuuururururyrui
