Now she thinks she's aromantic. How do I make my touch less repulsive? I know my hands are constantly clammy but there must be a way to not give "the ick".
have you considered not being such a monstrous abomination?
I'm good looking enough to get through the first filter. How do I fix my touch?
have you tried washing your hands? or cutting your nails? or taking a shower to make her not want to stay away from you?
I was freshly showered before seeing her; like right before it. My hands were super clean, and my nails are constantly short. Picrel is my hand. I know it's clammy and I've been told that, but idk how to fix that.
You have the tism touch. Instant ick. You have no choice but to replace your hands with scissors
you have wide, stubby fingers. that and she might also have smelled your virginity and/or autism
She knew me for months before, so my autism wasn't the problem, and I'm not inexperienced sexually.
'emma' in da 'og
Where did you touch her?
Also she might be kind of dumb and not be aware of the C-Tactile nerves that causes physiological arousal. 
See pic rel for details. 
source:
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/touch-s-social-significance-could-be-explained-by-unique-nerve-fibers/
Also on an unrelated note and directed at everyone, don't ever say psychology is pseudo-science you snarky fuckers. Maybe if you learned more about it you wouldn't suffer the way you all do.
Her hands, arm, and shoulder. We've touched hands before dating as well, and even used to have a game of wrestling stuff out of each other's hands and whatnot. It wasn't like I just grabbed a stranger's hand.
no surprise.
Slowly stroke her forearm next time using a gentle touch. If things get sexual slowly gently caress her inner thigh.
You're welcome
you have a superpower anon. you must use this power for good
Doesn't work when your hand feels like a corpse.
It's not your touch, it's the way you make her feel when you touch her. It can be about the moment you touched (like in the wrong moment), it can be how you behave in general (like, if you give her unattractive/creep vibes), it can be that she has bad experiences in the past, and is uncomfortable to touch in general, or she is just using an excuse to reject you. I mean, she went on a date with you, it means that you are at least a possible partner, but maybe she didn't like you, it could be a lot of reasons for that, from "you are a cuck" to "i don't think our personalities match (btw, i might be crazy)". Maybe you stink or maybe she just wanted a free meal.
Don't overthink it anon, unless you touched her in a weird moment or place, your touch was probably not the problem.
Hand warmers exist. and judging by the pic in
anons hand structure and fingernails give the impression of low oxygen/blood flow to the hands.
fortunately there are solutions.
Remember anons, be solution oriented. Don't simply criticize. 
https://www.veinclinics.com/blog/5-ways-to-improve-circulation-in-your-hands-and-fingers/
Bro your date was a dumb broad. Your hands are fine. You're the prize in this situation.
Chase a chink instead. Chink women love pale white guys. Get a SeaMonkey if you have to.
She was indian.
holy fucking shit. can't make this up.
What's that supposed to mean orgenal?
all sins of the father with no benefits, easy choice.
but it is
Sorry you have creepy claws holmes
kek
If you dont fuck your girl then I will, hows that motivation for you?
there was this one guy who always tried to get with me who was just like you! it was the first time i ever experienced someone like that. is there anything you said or did that was weird? mine kept negging me for years and asked me to marry him under my pictures.
If you get another chance make sure you touch her with strength and power. That's what she wants from you
She's not mentally ill; she's pretty sweet and maybe a bit autistic, but not in a bad way.
I didn't say anything to her that I wouldn't normally say to her, which at the very least got me the date. She did mention my touch specifically.
