c-confidence is key though r-right guys?
Build that "personality" bro. She would be chasing you if you just smiled in that photo bro!
this guy mogs me... what the fuck
nothing wrong with how you look but your facial expression is cringe as fuck don't do that
It's over spicbros..
why are you pursing your lips like that?
idk why people keep posting online dms as evidence of the blackpill?
1. they can be easily faked
2. even if they aren't fake it doesn't prove anything. ofc only looks matter when you're looking for people online. the whole personality thing only works irl. you have to talk to someone and then make a connection. if you have good social skills then you'll be able to. the real problem that most of us here face is that we're socially retarded and can't hold a convo for more than 30 seconds. i said this in another thread but this fat balding nerdy guy i went to hs with has a cute virgin gf.
i understand you spicbro...
they can be easily faked
Everything can be easily faked.
Everyone on 4chan could just be a big chatbot system and you could be the only human here.
and even if its real i dont care anyways just like... be confident you know? 
Oh ok.
And this cant be easily faked?
I should just believe your word right because...
1 guy is not even ugly
2 part of having confidence is not giving a shit if she reacts like that. Just shake it off and play it cool
and even if its real i dont care anyways just like... be confident you know?
except i didn't say that. i said that in online dating ofc looks are only going to matter because that's all you have. your personality can't be judged through text, only irl.
another lie. i didn't say he had a 10/10 gf, or that he slayed in hs, you did. i said he has a cute gf that's a virgin.
Brownbros.... we lost...
lol
Neurotic moment op. There are plenty of bitches out there, but also plenty of good girls. Also if the guy was less cringe he would've gotten a better result
lol
why do you people keep shilling this blue pill shit so hard? it's hard being an ugly social retard. everything is stacked against us, if you really are in that same camp. do you know how hard it is to build social skills? but you act like i can just snap my fingers and do it.
you can at least say something realistic rather than "just be as charismatic as chad lmao". it's not a personality issue to struggle socially. what if you have autism or social anxiety? or you've spent most of your life as isolated? normies conflate those things because they don't want to sound shallow, but they are.
confidence in becoming a greasy fat gaymer who probably watches pron and tranime.
is that guy indian?
i'm not even shilling the blue pill and i don't know why you're saying i am. all i'm saying is that the majority of people here assume their problem is looks when really its just lack of social skills. not once however, did i say that you can just build social skills. in fact i didn't even give advice, i just stated a problem and you guys sperge out, fucking hell man.
Honestly not even ugly. Just brown and making a stupid face.
Insecurity isnt attractive anon..
He looks good tho I'm a tranny :3
This is boomer advice. Even girls I meet IRL first immediately want to shift all interaction to text. You can't use real world interactions to trump online interactions any more because there are no remaining relationships that are entirely IRL. 
I have friends that I have known since kindergarten who I interact with primarily by group text. Because it's motherfucking 2023, grandpa.
its over
ok but brown = ugly
idk what we non-whites/non-koreans are supposed to do, prolly rope
done, now he can slay dumb art hoes
but noooo he just HAS to go for le edgy zoomer homo look
