Women ruined my life. I could've made a great husband and father, but not a single woman was willing to see me as a human because I'm not physically attractive enough to them. None ever bothered to see who I am as a person, they just immediately hate me the second they see my genetics aren't the best.
Women collectively ruined your life. The woman hivemind
It ain't over yet, relax. Especially if you're a pureblood, it's gonna be fine.
yeah I'm sure a virgin woman who doesn't care that I'm ugly is going to turn up any day now huh?
Women ruined my life.
You ruined your life by having expectations beyond your means.
Just keep gaslighting yourself and don't forget to go to work, wagie
expecting your human needs to be met is too much
ahh yes
nope, im done working if i cant have a wife
How do you intend to self-improove if you're not willing to spend at least 7 hours inside a wagie cage in an Amazon fullfillment center? No woman will ever settle for you.
Same, we live in the second most prosperous time in history with the most advanced medical care ever where the work day is 8 hours instead of 12 hours.
Life could have been amazing, instead we got this dystopian nightmare where literally every woman thinks she's a princess and there's rampant loneliness and sexual frustration for men.
No wars either, could have been a bliss. Ruined completely by feminism.
I get that you're just joking around, but I've already done all the meme self improvement advice. It doesn't make a difference, women only care about genetics. 
Literally all that would need to happen to solve this is women dating their looksmatch. It's already over for me, but I wish the government would step in and regulate the dating market. Its the single best thing they could do to make peoples lives better, so that's why they never will.
 we could have bliss
At the expence of 50% of population experiencing daily torture of sex without attraction? This is not "bliss". Sorry chud but the times of exploiting majority of population for the pleasures of white men is over. Women also want to be happy.
You wouldn't be a good husband if you're ugly
I would be a great husband in the areas that actually matter.
this is happiness to you?
Being attracted to your partner matters
Men used to be happier at the detriment of women's freedumbs
Now women are happier at the detriment of men, except fertility rates are also ruined.
If one sex is going to suffer nonetheless it makes more sense to pick the option which doesn't result in demographics collapse.
If you wasnt so self centered and had the automatic self preservation human instinct you'd give up your sexual desires knowing youre a walking bad genetics sign.
Girls didnt like me when I was younger now I rape them and laugh at their problems, funny how the turn tables
Yes.
Shes crying because she was happy for a bit and then that happiness went away.
With a incel she would never be happy in the first place she would just be permanently miserable maybe even more so than single until one day she cracks from the happiness starvation and puts nightshade in her husbands tea so she can go back to fucking "Chads" even if they dont stay at least they make her happy for a few days before she goes back to her miserable life.
Foids dont want husbands and families. Theyve been brainwashed to be birth control swallowing whores and girlbosses
Women do want husbands but only chad
