well? its very crucial
heh thats what mine looks like (i jest but it is actually a little heartening to hear theres some amount of demand for toys that look like outies its like my biggest insecurity)
i bought the fleshlight blue ice grip or whatever it's called 4 years ago, never needed to buy another one. there's no plastic casing so you can use your fingers to move the silicon around on your rod and it feels great
What's the real difference?
I know this is bait, but damn robots are retarded...
Fleshlights Are superior to most but you will always find an Onahole that is perfect for you pee pee 
Get both if you can be bothered
I would wear your outie like a face mask and hum
Whats the diffrence?
Arent Onaholes what japanesse call fleshlights?
https://www.toydemon.com/masturbators/onaholes/venus-clone-soft
AFAIK, this is still the top of the line for masturbatory aids.
I think I wanted this power house but someone on here said it fires cum everywhere
Just turn it off when you're about to cum and finish the last few strokes with your hand.
You can see the difference, same material and form just different
That wont happen as i'm about to cum I scream a roar and shout FUCK!!!!!! with the intense feeling I never get from my hand
how do i hide this from my family
I have this amazing thing, it might feel really soft but that point where you are about to fire has never been matched, I need to get me a fleshlight
Just buy one that is hidden in plain sight, see if one looks like a shampoo bottle or something
Life size torso
can i dry a fleshlight in like 30min time? or do i need more
This shit looks so fucking creepy.
A hyperrealistic decaputated limbless torso.
You can buy long dry sticks that you insert to dry them I think , if that is what you mean, not sure if you can turn them inside out, I did it with my onahole and it turned into some alien pouch looking thing, (and yes I put my cock in it that way too)
I think If i am going to go that far I might just buy a full sex doll, small hand ones are enough at the moment
I would buy a MILF doll
Do the boobs on the doll actually move araund like real boobs or is it more like a anime girl mousepad?
they would be heavy to move around, I remember seeing one large sex doll and I am a strong guy but lifting that would take some effort
I think the best looking ones are gynoids
Based, we have the technology. Roasts will soon be obsolete
bros...
Just get real pussy?
Is there a Lux from league of legends doll?
I have the ereshkigal cherry. Would definitely recommend it. Feels amazing, can be used in various positions and unlike a fleshlight/onahole you thrust into it instead of moving the toy over your dick (can of course be done with fleshlight/onahole if you fixate it). Can be used hands-free although I prefer grabbing the ass. Easy to clean.
Damn where 2B?
Whats it called and how do you try it? Is paper towel enough?
Is Joosten aware there's a life size sex doll of her?
That really bugs me on a linguistic level because the word "Dildo" exists.
It potentially comes from italian for "woman's delight".
Meanwhile the textbook for pocket pussy is "Artificial Vagina" instead of some 5 letter, 2 syllable funny word.
Onahole redirects to it which I'd be as fine with as I am with the word "umami" despite the word savory already existing.
Fleshlight is a brand and so that really is just the most popular term for them as much as "band-aid" is for adhesive bandage.
In a topic of conversation I'd just say that because then everyone knows what you're talking about.
I've had 3.
The first 2 were flesh colored.
1.Was a tube and on one end was like a mouth with soft plastic teeth and a tongue.
It was not fantastic, but it was neat for the novelty of like simulating the look of a BJ.
2.Had an actual plastic tube around it and I realized that at the top there was a small hole and that if I covered it up while using it I could essentially create a suction and that was great.
3.Is a clear one with a clear plastic cup that can also open up from the bottom and what I would recommend.
onahole every time. lolinco blitzes are single fleshlight and it isn't even close.
I dont know whenever I cum inside anything TPE based (fleshlights, dolls, etc) I feel odd. Like, when I come in one of those it sort of "hurts" a little (not immense pain, but there is some). Its like my dick is going to explode but not in a sexual way. And idk, it doesnt feel particularly good.
Usually I get more pleasure by masturbating with my hand and I feel relaxed even when I cum.
Bought a doll mostly for decoration purposes, and I used it twice for sex. But between the cleaning and the sensation of exploding/pain, I realized I can only feel comfortable if I jack off with my hand alone.
Anyone else has experienced this?
Onahole > Fleshlight
probably the best choice. not as creepy as a sex doll but not as boring as a fleshlight
This. Onaholes were unironically engineered for male pleasure since Japan takes male loneliness more seriously than the West.
Also this. Although I recommend getting a torso first only if you're unsure if you want to commit to a full doll, otherwise just go for a doll. Either since I got my loli torso I've been saving to buy a proper full doll. Being able to hold tight a female-like body is just a completely different experience than regular fapping.
What onahole would you recommend?
I bought a pocket pussy which is like an onahole and it was great for like two weeks but for some reason it feels looser now. Not sure if it's my cock or from cleaning it
Honest? I cannot recommend one, sexual pleasure is personal, literally. The few things I can suggest
i am a fleshlight man but I need to hump something like your picrel. any suggestions? I need something discreet because I dont want my roomate to see my sex toys. for now I can hide the fleshlights but i feel like if I invest in an onahip I will get found out.
You will need something big, those cannot be hidden. Even if you hide it well they will eventually find out with the noise you're going to make by humping. Or they will just eventually find it. You probably think your fleshlights are hidden but I bet they already know about those too.
they've only ever seen my lube on my desk. They probably could guess since it's the official fleshlight lube branding. but anyway- how much different is an onahip sensation versus the fleshlight? is the extra shit slapping into your groin actually adding that much more pleasure?
no
How do you dry it properly?
I tried using one of those drying stick but frankly it's just faster to just have a dedicated towel and stick your covered finger in. Just don't do it like a barbarian to not damage the interior.
Visual feedback. Don't mind the shit quality I couldn't be bothered to look for a better pic but imagine this. This unironically is your field of view when you're humping a doll. You can grab, you can hump, you can go no hand, whatever you feel like it. This is on a completely different level than just fapping or using a fleshlight.
LIterally FUCKING THIS.
I had a small doll and the feeling was exactly the same. I was so fucking tired, yet I knew I had to clean it up. Thats why I never used it anymore.
Not to mention (>>73141721) I felt like my penis was being crushed as I came on each time I used it.
Onaholes are great and all but they cannot match the suction of a fleshlight
I just bought one of their new blowjob models and its leagues better than anything else ive tried
same. Makes me wonder if girls who get nutted in get up to go clean or they just lay there with the cum in them in a sweat stained bed. Sex is actually really messy, how come no one ever talks about that bit
this is so hot
t. knower
Futa sex doll
Don't tell me you have anon?
Its 3k
But if I had 3k to burn I would
Are these things worth it if you have VR porn
From memory there is one Japanese guy with basically 2 VR setups. He has one tied to her doll and her avatar in game basically reacts to whatever he's doing with the doll.
It's quite expensive if you take into consideration that it's basically 2 full motions + 1 full sized doll, but in a sense this guy is probably living the dream of physically fucking his anime waifu.
I swear the Japanese folks are always one step ahead of us.
I prefer FL's for longevity and ease of use. The sensation is good either way.
Its still a doll, it doesnt move on its own, and in game it doesnt express on its on ether. All youve done is made a very expensive way to dress up the doll.
Yes you hate doll and are a jock fucking real women we get it. Can you leave and let others enjoy themselves now? Thanks.
All I'm saying is that there should be a game made for this so you can at least pretend youre having sex with some crippled loli or something.
Anon... There are plenty of games already. Go have a look at the /h/ 3D thread for just a fraction of the examples. The doll is just a physical addition you can add to the experience because you cannot hug a virtual girl. Yet.
i've used some onaholes before but the only fleshlight i've ever gotten was the alien one
I notice that my house is has way to much static charge in the air, and on these things body hair is constantly clinging to the silicone. Is there like a prefered way to get loose hair off that imsists on clinging on. Ive tried a lint roller but the static cling of the silicone seems stronger than that of the roll.
Games made with you, putting your sex doll in ai gear, in mind?
you're obese, you're not insecure that you have an outie, you're insecure because you're obese
Maintenance powder. After you've applied it dust or anything else really can just be brushed off easily.
Are we having a discussion or do you just want to be a contrarian? Of course the games are not "designed" that way, it's just an additional step that people came up with until we get better technology.
This has got to be a real post because on retarded women would think of something like this to be embarrassed about 
Guess what 
Nobody gives a shit and if they do they are literally gay or jack off to that femboy shit no straight guy would ever give a shit unless hes butthurt and trying to make you feel bad
You need some powder LOL I only know because I saw some pornstar have to clean her sex doll after using it and thought it was pathetic having to take care of a doll because you might as well try to get an actual gf at that point
they WILL find it
