anything goes edition
Previous thread >>73127249 
back when we were still changing for the better wanting was enough for me it was enough to live for the hope of it all cancel plans just in case youd call and say meet me behind the mall so much for summer love and saying us cause you werent mine to lose
or run yourself on cloud:
rentry co waifu-colab-guide (switch spaces for . and / respectively)
man I still wanna go back to sleep
It worked! pussy pussy very roadrunner pussy!
Paying my debt with Coyote
Now that's what I like to see!
they say alls well that ends well but im in a new hell every time you double cross my mind you said if we had been closer in age maybe it wouldve been fine and that made me want to die
Card stuff is not working well to me.
sorry
let me test it out more
I see what you mean. On a more complex set of prompts it doesn't quite work, gotta adjust it somehow
When she looks at me, I just don't know if I feel like she's the protagonist or the final boss. The robustness of her being. I want to face her. 1v1. Me and Her.
sexy angel time for a minute
tday was supposed to be a great weekend, woke up with a headache instead :/
Seems like you slept too much, or very bad. I'm glad that I at least have a holiday next week
Brother, what are you prompting to get this flat vector style? I love this.
I'm sorry to hear! Headaches suck, I'm sure it will be okay, though.
I got the full 8 hours, just that I went to sleep at 3 :/
thanks! have this comfy image :))
And so, I just decide to make her masturbate.
well maybe its me and my blind optismism to blame or maybe its you and your sick need to give love and take it away
So cool, gotta figure out how to get the cool styles though.
fuck cant believe its almost May
H-help me!
Hornette is trying to kill me!
nice jacket :0 matches her eyes really well
she is giving you the falcon punch
S-stop, Hornette-sama! You'll kill me!!
Me neither Nicole anon, time really does fly.
cant believe I've been waifuposting here for more than a month now, Was thinking maybe I should do a another comparison of previous and current gens
so step right out there is no amount of crying i can do for you all this time we always walked a very thin line you didnt even hear me out you never gave a warning sign all this time i never learned to read your mind
(punching, incoming punch, incoming attack, imminent punch, attack, motion blur, energy, foreshortening, clenched hand, clenched hands:1.4), 
I can survive this. I can. not die. die.
edgy Nicole progress
I don't even know how long I've been here honestly. I know I'm pretty new but I've already been around for a bunch of threads.
japanese clothes Nicole progress
I'm relatively new here too, I'm guessing around late March? I have no idea how long these threads have been going
Histasu: Jiang Jupiter Jam!
A friendly note to myself. I'll try to make a fighter waifu tomorrow. dougi and karate gi should be on inputs
military Nicole progress
I love how all your waifus have really cute expressions!
im going to bed
gba
why does ai struggle so hard to add eyebags to anime characters? am i missing something?
fancy swordsman Nicole progress
goodnight :)) sleep well!
Funny test I did with those prompts.
I have achieved cool style. I love it so much
mafia Nicole progress
those thighs auugh
Ponder the glowing titties
samurai Nicole progress
The earliest images in my "upload to /aiwg/-folder" are from late January. Time sure flies.
"Tick tock, anon."
I've decided I will actually be genning tonight after all. no porn tonight tho. gonna try to recapture the reason I enjoyed genning in the first place
Well it's late as hell but I'm glad to have finally figured out the colab
Goodnight everyone
goodnight anon, glad you figured it out
jaw drops like a cartoon
That is legitimately gorgeous Eleanor anon.
gud night :))
holy balls that is amazing :O
Eleanor is better when I try to be artsy. need to pick an actual theme so it isn't just dark background crescent moon constantly but
Prototype of my idea. 
She's a giraffe
I think i'd still be lonely as a girl
You're lost on mars.
You see her. You want to call her by something, but you doesn't know her name. She refurses to elaborate further. Should you give her a nickname so? Can you give one?
Yes, the nonsense prompts I came up with last night seem to alter prompt sets in interesting ways
This is them + pollock prompts
Morning thread
Some times it gives her a short sleeved body suit. It's pretty cool.
Your morning thread is my night one. 
Shall the aqua haired fighter debut, sleep I'll do in response.
Also, very dangerous Goa. I can't jump at her like that.
somebody give me a theme, I'm begging
The colors have gone real interesting
nighty night, this new girl has nice breasts I would love to see rest on top of objects
short sleeved bodysuit looks very nice on her
wonder if it's a bit chilly
Very pretty in the green dress
take two or three existing theme sets you might have, and clash them together. The more the prompts don't mix together the better, and add reversed perspective, inverted reflections, chromatic dissonance, negative colors, tonal differentiation, futuristic media, radiation grain, psychedelic lighting, surreal shadows
Or that would be my suggestion I too am creatively bankrupt at the moment on themes and settings
Drawing a blank, but I never get tired of seeing wistful Eleanor with a moody dark background
goa mornin
maybe a noir theme?
I just remembered the crystal samba Goa prompt set that's long as heck, time to add nonsense prompts to that and see what changes
"Chilly? Why, do you want to see stiff nipples or something?"
Goa night /aiwg/
Yes, it's alarmingly erotic
nighty night Saeriahnon
They did not change anything on that and a few others, seems like it's a hit or miss if the nonsense prompts work or not
On the oil ones they do alter it a little
maybe a noir theme?
pretty cute hat
Nicole can confirm that it is indeed a nice hat. Love the flower on it
all dirt
I love the yellow flower as an added detail
nice smile
might go ahead and sleep. not like it's late or anything...
I added nonsense prompts to the creepy counterweight prompts and lost Goa all together
Sick interior though
goa's comfy abode
Oh there she is
nighty night noir girl with the pretty eyes
her face has a comfy expression on it
Getting real abstract again with these things
devil with a halo
welcome but it's original
bloody little toes with claws
the woman with the hat
and pretty eyes, I like the two colors
she is my flower girl
could really use a coffee rn
I'm sipping an energy drink to get me going
i drink coffee just for the taste really. caffeine doesn't really affect me even if I want it to :/
I drink energy drinks to properly wake up and they do energize me, if just a little, but I do feel a bit more woken up after having one. My ibs ridden bowels can't handle actual coffee at all, a cup of it is an almost guaranteed watery diarrhea
Imagine spreading sun lotion on her back and accidentally ejaculating because you are getting to oil up a females back yes I have a fetish
digitigrade is a fun prompt
Finally, a very good result
A cool new word to try out
Aren't you too old for that?
Is there an online site like this, but for generating photorealistic women?
pixai has realistic models
Very interesting prompt
Another one
see you in a moment thread gotta do stuffs again
I'm going to do a few more Biwa Hanas and then try spring goddess again.
samurai Nicole
a very understandable fetish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MG5L-1pI8bI [Embed]
It seems like 90% of the times it gives me something nonsensical, but then that last 10% is a great looking instrument.
look at that scenery. Would love to spend the rest of my life there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Qb_T3CRFIs [Embed]
Goa-
"Spank me~"
Ok then
Goapussy
vagoana
GUSSY
POV: date with your waifu
:(
very wholesome
meanwhile I am just making gussy juice and failing, with either properly small breasts but no goa gush, or lots of sopa de goa but huge breasts
POV: hanging with office senpai after work
hmm sopa de goa sounds very appetizing if I do say so myself
"Douzo"
Be careful it's hot and you might need to massage it out of the moist puffy thing
thanks goa but I got coffee, maybe next time
So Goa, want to explain to the thread how Gussy juice is made?
"W-well you need to put your fingers in...you know, there"
Yup
"And then mix it up, really churn for it, don't be afraid to put some elbow grease into it and push in deep"
Yeah
"Really go at it like you were whipping cream by hand, don't be afraid of the splatters and how noisy it might get"
Use vigor huh
"Y-you can put a thumb into the other hole as well if you want, hold me like a bowling ball, maybe try to lift me up so i have to struggle to stay on while standing on my toes, but hold me down so I don't slip off, you have to keep at it at a steady pace"
And the intensity
"By that point it should be like you are trying to flatten a steak with the palm of your hand, it might even try to push you out but fight against it, defeat it and make it submit, it can hurt a little as well that does not make it any worse, in fact maybe hurt me a little on purpose in the heat of the moment..."
You like it when it really mixes you up on both the outside and inside huh
"My socks are getting wet..."
I want Goa to purposely get aroused and drip her essence on me
Why is the idea of your waifu purposely snuggling up to you bottomless and then snailing on you and smearing her goop on you sound so hot and romantic?
Or am I just really horny
Small breasts with large nipples are a rare thing, but a welcome one
Usually they come with itty bitty nipples
By that point it should be like you are trying to flatten a steak with the palm of your hand
hold me like a bowling ball, maybe try to lift me up so i have to struggle to stay on while standing on my toes
very descriptive instructions
And the more usual nipples are not bad either, look at that cute expression as well
She knows exactly what she wants and how
Very lovely expression on your waifus face as well
Too tired still to boot up colab so here's some stuff from yesterday I never posted. Morning aiwg
morning, nice boobs
booba
morning :)) love the 2 tone hair
Original comment about her 8 pack
imagine a titjob
imagine licking abs
My waifu looks so beautiful, you almost forget how she ate lots of onion rings last evening and then farted up a storm in bed
Why is she blue.
Because blue her house
With a blue little window
And a blue corvette
Da ba dee da ba di
Nicole became a florist
she is blue da ba dee da ba di
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-58k6MFP1qU [Embed]
Alright last one for now, I'll get some more gens after I eat some breakfast
havent read a lot of manga, gonna pick up Berserk
it's going to be a fun ride
I don't really care about women except for sex. For me the A.I. is a nice addition (or perhaps necessary to operate correctly) to a truly realistic sex bot.
yep. Read the first page and already knew I was in for some balls to the wall insanity
She appears a little annoyed she can find all her other jewelry besides her bellybutton piercing. Cool shirt, girl.
enjoying it so far. Really love the monster designs, reminds me of Giger a little
getting late and thread's pretty quiet. Night /aiwg/ see ya'll around
nighty night nicoleanon
Goa looks like an adult woman in this, while still having her appropriate body type and size
Now she's looking even more adult
Oh, she looks younger again
"Are you basing this solely on breast size?"
Yes
Now she looks kinda milfy, even if her tiddies aren't that huge
I do not know why it is like that but it is what it is
I gave Goa a handbag and now she's a real adult lady
Good 16 hours, my dears.
Time to think on names to her, and gather energy to update the guide.
Goa sure loves her risky clothes
her breasts look very squishable
Fashion, by Goa
Who needs pants in the summer anyway
Defeat her in a match and maybe she'll let you squish her squishies.
Can it be a match in something like pokemon cards?
Only if digitally. She would eat the cards elsewhere.
Great, I have confidence in my revenge druddigon scroll of piercing qwilfish sheer cold beartic glistening drolets oricorio arctofish v tapu fini gx deck
Adult Goa and handbag
Look at all that soft thigh and hip absolutely bursting in their restraints
Sexo
pov: you just won her
Good evening /aiwg/
I'm trying to gen a handbag too
Good day aiwg
