Why does nobody care about white male suicide? Every time it's brought up, people either shrug or just laugh.
If it was any other race, it would be on every news report and the entire world would be concerned and trying to save them. So why does nobody care about white boys dying?
Despite being just 50% of the US population, white males make up 82% of all suicides.
Not only that, but an increasing share of Americans say that white extinction is a good thing. Why does everyone want white boys dead?
I wish i was strong like that pick a dude up in a standing guiatine and let him pass out. Dude needs to be careful before he kills him though. It's also funny how his pants went from sagging to around his ankles.
because it doesn't have anything to do with them, they can't relate to it in any way shape or form
Shalom Moshe, keep spreading the good word
White boys are killing themselves in droves, yet no one seems to care. Why does nobody give a fuck about white males dying?
Imagine seething so hard at blacks and minorities that you sterilize yourselves and squash any chances of reproducing. The modern racist white "male" is just a larper that hides in his hugbox. Nothing more nothing less.
Racist post are made by white "males" that are mad that nobody cares about white male suicide. I'd say it's sad but the fact that they're killing themselves in droves is just too funny
White males make up 80% of all daily suicides despite being less than 50% of the population. This means that out of all the people killing themselves EVERYDAY white males make up 70% of them.
In fact white males are the ONLY demographic that will suffer from an INCREASE in suicidal thoughts/attempts as they get older. All other demographics including white females see a sharp decrease after they enter their late 20's. White males will not see this decrease until their late 80's
White males are the only demographic that has a DNA series that closely equates to a chimpanzees'. (A chimpanzee has 3 DNA series. A white male only has 5. All other races have 20+ lmaoo
https://www.brgeneral.org/news-blog/2021/july/men-and-suicide-why-are-white-men-most-at-risk-/
https://afsp.org/suicide-statistics/
https://www.prb.org/resources/elderly-white-men-afflicted-by-high-suicide-rates/
https://afsp.org/suicide-statistics
Global Patterns of Linkage Disequilibrium at the CD4 Locus and Modern Human Origins
https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.271.5254.1380
https://www.eva.mpg.de/documents/AAAS/Tishkoff_Global_Science_1996_2109918.pdf
Kek.
Whites are the only group whose deaths outnumber their births. The white population is shrinking every year yet nobody gives a fuck.
When people see white boys being beaten and killed and committing suicide,all people do is mock them,laugh and cheer. White male suicide will always be a hoot and a holler. Might as well give them a collar. Neanderthals make good pets.
Even in death white boys are nothing but a laughing stock. The whole world laughs at white male suicide. It's globally considered hilarious.
Because white boys are all pedos, psychopaths, leeches, bpd etc. Them dying off en masse is a net positive for society, and if they are doing it electively then even better.
The same reason no one cares about black men killing eachohter, whites refuse to even acknowledge it yet alone do anything about it. Because no one cares about "grown men." And also they can't control the actions of "grown men." But because those men are "grown" being calls towars them is somehow justified.
white boy summer approaching and op anxious as hell
It didn't work in 2019 it won't catch on 4 years later lol.
Its so sad when they try to force these memes and it doesnt work. The BWC one flopped too. Literally no woman talks about it or knows what it is. Kek. So sad.
God speed anon we'll have a bunch of fun when I'm back home ;)
it's from sin...
Lol this is what people mean when they tell you to touch grass, bbc is a universally excepted term, it's more of integrated culture than a meme
White boy summer is some obscure 4chan incel thing, I remember a bunch of white guys comming on 4chan to pretend to be black women using bad attempts at ebonics, it lasted maybe 2 days before they gave up and went back to their normal forms of cope.
He died btw. This was suicide.
Go back to your /trash/ coomer threads.
White Humiliation Ritual never ends. What a joke we truly are.
Maybe if white boys took the cock out of their mouth for a second, their race wouldnt be dying and they would be able to breed. 
Until then, well. Kek.
Funny thing is they actually pushed Asian women into the BBC culture as well even though Asian women were some of the few women left on Earth still interested in fucking w*t0id men.
I will answer your question OP. As a black male the reason no one cares about white male suicides is because they are males. No one cares about anything that happens to males, in fact actually sometimes they find it funny as you said. Being born with a penis in le current year means basedciety wants you mutilated, humiliated, and dead asap. The only exception is if you're breeding stock. In which case they still want you dead, but not until after women are done extracting your semen and parading you around for attention, as was the case with BLM movement. It was was centered around Tyrone criminals, which is trendy at the time and explains why it was so popular among white women. If BLM were focused on black male suicides I guarantee no one would give a fuck either, because the type of black guy killing themselves isnt the kind that gives women the tingle, therefore society is more than happy to see them dead. This is true in general.
I assure you no one would care if Asian, black, or Hispanic male suicide rates were elevated in a similar manner. The only time they will care is if it noticeably starts reducing the amount of beta eumuch slaves society has to extract labor and taxes from. But fortunately for them, due to increased automation they need far less beta slaves than before, so current numbers is no issue for them
Asian girls are black owned, just like every other race of women. They got bored of little white shrimp dicks and came home to BBC. And theyve never been happier. 
https://twitter.com/KeymasterSkull1/status/1649771885398302729
You know whats ironic about your statement? White males pay almost all the taxes in the US. But STILL nobody cares that they are killing themselves en masse. White boys pay for my and millions of other black mens neetbux, then kill themselves when they reach 45. Fucking hilarious kek.
The top 10% of earners in the US pay 90% of all income tax. The vast majority of w*t0ids are net consumers of taxation like every other demographic.
The vast majority of taxcattle arent even needed anymore, especially for the current transformation they are trying to make for society.
Every generation has it's way to deal with excess males. In this generation they simply use pornography, video games, and suicide. As well we chemical means of disrupting hormones and such. They want to move forward to a world without males. Only females and eunuchs. They are so far doing an amazing job at achieving that goal, by 2 generations there will be nothing but emasculated genderless workerdrones doing what little labor is still not automated. 
You shouldn't really make this a race issue. It's a much wider problem and if you dont think they're targeting us blacks next (assuming you really are black), then you're delusional or ignorant. Why do you think they've been promoting LGBT onto black community so heavily all of a sudden? They want men disarmed and easily managed.
Dont care, white boys pay my bills while I laugh at them dying lmaooo
I dont care about your conspiracy shit, I just think white male suicide is hilarious.
Why are you so obsessed with white males? Are you perhaps a repressed homosexual?
Nah, I aint white lol
Typical gay neanderthal projection kek.
Is he an asian or what?
no, i think he is indian or black. he might be samuel but i cant prove it and he seems a little too convincing with the ebonics so i doubt it.
Whoever it is theyre obsessed. Is samuel that fat mulatto looking dude with a tiny dick that got doxxed or someone else?
Wait, why is the Asian number so high? I thought they were our friends/honorary whites?
samuel is the white depressed glaswegian who constantly posts pictures of his head and cries about white baldness while talking about how white extinction is a good thing
Oh the dude who made the other thread. He should practice what he preaches.
I did a little digging on the archives, and he spammed the same pasta on /b/ and /mu/, and apparently got banned for it a few times. He's started around September, 2022. He also seems to post on /trash/, including a so called "blacked general".
The only logical conclusion is that we are dealing with a terminal coomer, suffering from a heavy addiction of interracial pornography. Subject is either a self-hating white (part of their fetish) or mixed, most likely the latter.
Kek keep coping and crying neanderthal
Ameposter, you LITERALLY fap to BBC threads on /gif/.
Like clockwork.
Amelia is popular, so it's someone else. I don't browse /gif/ and I'm not into that stuff, but I don't really judge, as long as they don't devolve into peak autism like OP. Seven months (maybe more) now.
White men are seen as the most privileged
