i'm a 28 year old man who still lacks confidence not just around women but everyone. I always feel awkward and out of place and i still don't "get" interpersonal interaction. Is there any hope for me to get better if i try at all?
I'm the same way at 30 anon
It always feels like there's a barrier between me and whoever I'm communicating with, as though I'm on the outside looking in
Do you also have trouble with eye contact?
There is "hope", but the best choice would be to find friendships and girls that fit your type of personality in my opinion. I know it's hard, but the amount of people that fits that is huge, they are just well hidden, so you might need to make extra effort.
Shy girls do not like shy men, sadly
it's weird, i can be pretty good at it if i think a girl likes me, but that's while we're talking. with strangers its an absolute nightmare no i gotta look away instantly. again man or women and i am straight but still. I just don't know what will happen if i do something wrong because again i just fundamentally don't "get" society. to sound hippie and cliche lol
confidence comes from faking confidence so long you believe in yourself. nobody just felt comfortable one day all the time in uncomfortable situations
HOW THE FUCK DO I FAKE CONFIDENCE what if i come off as foolish i'll just kill myself now bye
fake confidence
get people to like me
start to feel suffocated by people liking the version of me that I was faking and withdraw back to solitude
if i think a girl likes me
I'm actually worst with girls because I worry she'll think I'm staring or trying to show interest if I make eye contact
It seems impossible to fake confidence when you have nothing interesting/appealing about you
Same. I always have to think really hard what i'm about to say to my coworkers to engage in a conversation or to show any personality and don't sound like an asshole.
I get why you say that but it's a little different for me. Idk how you feel about yourself, but i do actually think i'm not too bad looking and honestly i don't mind showing interest in a girl if she shows it to me first, but i'm always a little insecure about my looks too so i have to wait for them to show interest. how would you honestly rate yourself anon?
Yeah they do. A cute shy goth girl liked me and I liked her too. When we ran into each other we both had similar mannerisms upon seeing each other, it was cute. Ghostly shuffles, a pause, and a tender smile. She was like my reflection, only a pretty girl. I'm a shy coward though and never asked her out or even spoke with her.
I might be average looking if I lost weight, but that's about it. Maybe a 3 or 4 as is.
hmm i dunno man, that sucks. honestly though it's not like i'm banging good looking girls anyway, my current fwb is a fat but still kinda pretty girl :/ what i would give for a stacy.
Abloobloobloo muh awkwardness
Has an FWB
I'm a wizard
Normies where you least expect them.
id be a wizard if i didnt lower my standards, try it
I HAVE NEVER HAD A WOMAN SHOW INTEREST
Holy shit you sexhavers have no idea
not even fat or ugly ones? okay maybe you're right maybe you've dealt with shit i can't imagine then, shit what do you want me to say
Just stop complaining here, you have it better than us already
for one, don't say us lmao you don't represent r9k there are other bots who've had sex here. there's different lever to this shit yeah but cool ya jets bro. i wasn't even trying to put you guys down i was just being honest about the situation. anyway you want my real opinion we need to get rid of industrial society all together and the shit we eat and convert into small independent communities that are mostly self sufficient and the opposite of what we currently know as modernity. that will bring back purpose to peoples lives end mass feminism and lead most women to be skinny and away from dating apps with access to chad
