why would society do this
You don't need a fucking degree to connect a printer to a computer
I really don't miss sitting ina super cold office all day watching the clock. A few more years and I'm gonna have enough money to retire to a cheap country. Fuck the system.
Its because the average adult boomer is a drug addict, drunk, or doesnt show up to work. Nevermind all the old people who cant read, write, or use a computer
sadly its mostly old white boomers who tried to coast through life.
Get your degree, your certificates, and do any volunteer work or anything related to your field so you can build your resume.
You thinking about thailand? Alot of my friends get married to women there so they can do remote jobs and have wife, kids, and a middle class tier living situation.
This is terrible advice. If you're not lying about shit on your resume, you're fucking up. There's not some giant database where they can check all this shit you know...not yet anyway. At most they can call a number you give them...
Especially if your dad owns the comapny or knows the right ppl
I also have a very vague job. Retard
At this point the only way to really get ahead is to just lie out your ass. Its the only reason why I am sticking with my mind numbing paper pushing job now.
What was the job anon? Funnily enough planning on breaking into IT myself lol, I did some other shit before and am in accounting now, -5/10 seriously do not fucking recommend
I am actually thinking Thailand, but I have heard a lot of foreigners are moving there now and I'm worried that by the time I have my money together it will be too expensive. It's probably gonna be like 6, or so years until I have the ~$300k I want and a lot can change in that time. Not really looking to get married for anything. Just want a small remote house to live in with my dog. Just need internet, power, plumbing, etc. and some land to grow food for myself. I think I could build a tiny home with the skills I've learned at my job.
IT is too boring slacking off at my desk for 2/3rds of my day made me wanna kill myself
i should have never enrolled in IT, im not passionate about it
I'm a service plumber. I go to people's houses and fix their shit.
LOL
Enjoy smelling like literal shit after every day.
Lol plumbers do a lot more than play with people's shit. I repipes houses and fix slab leaks and shit.
I really lucked the fuck out fellow degree-less bros.
So what is the right choice /r9k/? I am signed up for an IT program but honestly i dont care about IT or leaving my room. Honestly outside of having sex with women i really do not care about life at all.
you forgot the best part
