Hi r9k,
Most of you won't have any interest in this but I'm posting it for the few who might get something out of it.
A while back I downloaded an archive of r9k threads from 2008-2009, this archive included the very first posts on this board on its day of creation - most of which were just attempts to feed the r9k bot copypasta so it couldn't be reposted. The archive does have a lot of longer threads filled with content, though. These archived threads came in an .xml format that wasn't really very readable, and I couldn't find an easy solution online for how to view these. 
However this year I discovered ChatGPT, and with ChatGPT's help I was able to get it to create what I called 'r9k offline', a simple .html template using javascript functions that let me easily load the .xmls and display them in a nice and readable format, almost as they would have appeared on 4chan at the time.
I've decided to share this 'r9k offline' thing for anyone who might be interested in reading some old r9k threads from 2008. I doubt that many people are interested, and note that these archives don't contain ANY images, just the text, but it might be a fun hour or two for you if you have nothing else to do. You can't find these on desuarchive, they're older than that.
All you have to do is download this .zip file: https://mega.nz/file/cCpRBALI#Swsf3rkIW9TSIls3WwPCs8sWXLyGT9a_sox5_GJuDeg
Any noteworthy tits or cunts?
holy crap no one download this it is a major virus my pc got junked by this so im posting from phone
I remember when someone released the full download of 4chan archive, sadly it was lost to time, so many threads lost
This package contains only .html files, .css files, some .js files, some images and a single .mp3 file. The package would be significantly smaller but I created a bunch of css style themes and one or two of them ended up using some .gif files inefficiently converted from .webm files. That's why the filesize is as large as it is. There's nothing in here that could be malicious, no .exe files or anything like that. You could inspect these files individually online or locally before opening anything, and you could even copy and paste them into ChatGPT to ask it to analyze the files for malicious content. Or you could simply make sure that you only open this in a browser you've temporarily blocked ("in" and "out") on your firewall. But as I've uploaded it today, I assure you it has nothing malicious in it.
Once you've downloaded it, you just open 'r9k Offline.html' in a browser, click 'Browse' or 'Choose Files', select an .xml file from the 'Largest 200 Threads' folder, and read away! There are more detailed instructions in the 'welcome screen'. There are a few bugs but that's mostly because this is an unfinished project, I think it's a pretty good product considering I never really 'coded' in html except for a brief period two decades ago, and I've never known javascript - all of this is the product of giving ChatGPT verbal instructions.
If you'd like to read more threads, the full archive is available here as a .tar.gz file (you'll need something like 7zip to open this format). I should warn you that it expands out into a massive collection thousands of .xml files, all of them individual threads.
https://mega.nz/file/FLR3iTYA#B5c06Fx3VKObyVtquUVcYGZ_OD3HIKtj4WubhDQqo-Q
Also, I'm just going to post this screencap of my own comment from another imageboard. 
Creating this 'r9k offline' thing, entirely using verbal instructions with ChatGPT (ie having no 'coding' knowledge but being able to make a nice little tool) gave me the idea for another project that someone else might consider bringing to fruition, I call it the 'Universal Offline Imageboard Reader'. This post of mine is a giant wall of text, but if anyone out there is interested in trying to build little tools that could make imageboard culture more functional, I'm hoping this might inspire someone.
Thanks for sharing, I might pop some of this through tts. I should be able to get gpt to sort by reply count and then backtrack for context, creating a kind of highlight playlist I can put on my headphones at work.
Thank you for this , it is really amazing you took the time to give us this gift, I shall use this to read the past.
Well done op
That sounds awesome. I know there are new addons, apps and so on combining ChatGPT with TTS but I haven't checked them out yet, it'd be amazing if it could selectively bypass shitposts, read the good posts in the thread in different 'voices' to give a sense of listening to a bunch of different people speak. I was thinking about how in a few years time with better ability to feed it larger files, AI could be integrated into something like this so it could provide decent summaries at the top of each thread, including highlights.
I had a nice time reading some old threads. It's not all great, but there are some nice ancient feels to be had for sure.
One of those rare high effort quality threads. Yeah im thinking im downloading it. Thank you and have a nice weekend, fren!
Thanks for taking the time to make this fren
Going to brew a cuppa and read through some old threads at 3am
