Organ donation is a scam for one simple reason: organs have value.
Kidneys - $200,000
Liver - $157,000
Heart - $119,000
Corneas - $30,000
The hospital charges tens to hundreds of thousands to transplant an organ that THEY GOT FOR FREE.
Why isnt the donor given at least $10k to cover funeral expenses?
This is why my organs will rot in the ground.
They don't charge a dime here in Europe.
yet if no one donates their organs, people who need them just die. The hospitals don't give a shit either way.
Perhaps there's a more effective way to protest this than whining on a cartoon anime forum.
In the muttified future will organ donation even be possible?
At least here I know that those most likely to benefit are my extended kinfolk
That's why I didn't opt in to the donor registry. It's a system where everyone makes money except the person donating the organ because paying the donor would be "unethical".
Much worse is the fact organs are harvested on living people, almost always fully aware. No, you cant complain later
In my shithole country youre a donor by default and you need opt out otherwise your orgnas will harvested just like they did with coronachan
Is it true that organ donors are never allowed to "die" until the hospital is ready to harvest them? Even if they declare you "brain dead", your body is kept going to preserve the value of your corpse. 
I've even heard horror stories that in the US, if you sign you donor card, you're putting a target on your back since you're worth more to the hospital dead than alive..... oh sorry, anon just "died".
a chinese police department holds a patent that can render a person braindead but keep you alive and your organs healthy........
i dont care so much about the money, but i dont want my organ(s) saving some diabetic obese homeless druggie who will just waste the organ(s) again. if i could put criteria on who could receive my organs, then i'd do it.
Same, every thing person who drafted these horrific laws should be hanged then mutilated themselves
links to patents at bottom of thread
So you are okay with someone digging stuff out of the ground or growing stuff and taking it and charging money for it because "muh labor" but you are not okay with valuing the proper harvesting of organs the same way?
If someone didn't harvest the organs properly, they would have no value to anyone, and the dead guy or his family aren't going to harvest them themselves.
You are like those people who want to charge for your recycling.
correct, its vivisection
You are like those people who want to charge for your recycling.
The bums that collect metal cans get paid for recycling
But they are harvested properly, why should all the profit go to the surgeon?
So we aren't talking about organs at all; we are talking about capitalism.
You start the story in the middle. Where did the gold come from? why is gold able to be traded for other things?
If you make the story small enough or big enough, you can make the story say anything you want.
Stop introducing your pilpul political buzzwords
If someone is giving an object away, they have the right to sell it
The gold is the property that you rightfully own
sell
So YOU can talk about capitalism, but I am restricted to trade? Doesn't seem fair.
OH SNAP! Now you are bringing in Rights?
You should talk to >>73130153
Both of you can start a game of three card Monty in NYC.
see >>73130158
Now YOU are bringing up Rights too!
I'm out. You can't teach monkeys to think.
This has nothing to do with "capitalism". The right to demand something in return for giving and the right to not give without receiving what you consider satisfactory is normal behavior understood by all people throughout history and even animals. By introducing "capitalism", a word used often in a dichotomy with variants of marxism, you attempt to make it seem like this is some kind of ideological invention rather than normal and default nature.
Your argument about not deserving payment for giving an object is something a monkey would find retarded.
First you appeal to rights and now nature. 
You two can talk to each other. It will be entertaining. Everyone else on this board can then laugh.
Dunning-Kruger.
What the fuck are you even saying you mentally ill kike?
Same person btw retard
Hes likely a paid shill
Fucking lol, why would ANYONE become an organ donor?
Fuck off.
I would donate my organ to her.
If you know what I mean.
Hospitals make much more money if they get free organs and get to sell them for huge amounts of money. So of course the hospitals care.
Yes that is true. They can't harvest organs from true corpses, they harvest them from bodies in which the blood is still flowing, and the brain probably still alive.
Even if they declare you "brain dead", your body is kept going to preserve the value of your corpse.
if youre brain dead why do you care?
maybe do a quick google search or two before you commit to such a wild theory.
you dont have anything to lose and you could be saving someones life. if it was a 50/50 shot between a drug addict and mother of 4 children you wouldnt take it?
Agree thats why before I kill myself I will poison myself so my organs cant be taken.
I wouldn't take it.
you wont be brain dead, they will strap you to a table, stuff a sock down your throat and cut out your organs
Neither. Bitch shouldn't have blown out her body by birthing four kids. They don't deserve my organs.
youre arrogant
youre schizophrenic
you dont seem to understand how pregnancy works
What do you think it's like for people whose relatives got hit by a truck but had a donor card? While they're trying to mourn, their family member's bodies are being cut up and mutilated by some masked men in a laboratory.
of course it's true.
looks like your pupils aren't dilating much, off to the chopping block you go.
Close, they'll paralyze you without anesthetizing you. They'll take everything saving the heart for last.
she's hideous
You don't understand that repeated pregnancies increase the risk of organ failure and death. Her fault. I'm not giving my organs out for her to go on fucking. Gigacuck behavior.
What the fuck do you care about your kidneys once you die?
Did I end up in /x/?
How am I arrogant? I just don't feel obligated to give someone my organs. that is not my duty
Why the fuck do you think you get to choose what happens to people's bodies, their most personal possession? Marxist vermin.
my body my ch-ACK!
The hospital will kill me so they harvest my organs
Its not hard to understand unless youre a retard
organs don't grow in trees you retard
Lie
They sell lab eat, so they ought to grow human meat as well.
?citation needed
I care because doctors murder people to take their kidneys.
These are the links anon in the /k/ thread left
Chongqing Police College.
Here's the google link for the CN patent filing:
https://patents.google.com/patent/CN202376254U
Also auto-translate to English here:
https://patents.google.com/patent/CN202376254U/en
https://patents.google.com/patent/CN202376254U/en
fuck off
literal perfection in image
Is it also true if you're an organ donor and someday you get into a car accident the paramedics will not try as hard to save you so you can die and doctors can harvest your organs?
No. They will prioritize you in order to preserve your organs rather than your life. This is why induced coma followed by brain death is so common.
Good
