what causes young white males to become far right?
https://youtu.be/dNRG_kW_Jac [Embed]
It's natural and there's no stopping it.
A functioning brain
interesting, why is it natural?
No one would give up their superiority.
The world they live in
stop shilling yourself here, it's annoying. i wish the moderator would actually do something instead of allowing you to promote yourself here, fucking blows.
No one else really makes an outreach to them specifically.
...except white leftists who did exactly that
Why are you annoyed by this? Is it because you are obsessed with social norms? If that is the case why don't you just become a police officer already?
Dude I hate myself. Quite literally have been ping ponging from right wing to left wing for the past few years. I hate it. I don't know who I am
I became conservative when I woke up to the lies of the liberals
just dont hate yourself bro!
politics blow in the fucking wind
how am i obsessed with social norms? what kind of stupid ass shit are you even saying. do you just make up arguments and poke holes in them to win? this dude is fucking annoying just coming here all the time just trying to get view. he's not different than the e-whores who come here farming.
NOT HAVING SEX.
That's it
Men have grown disillusioned with society and feel as if they have no place in the world. The left wing posits that everyone has a role in society, and thus everyone becomes a faceless mass. When men try to look for support here, they are cast aside and ignored, because there are too many issues that aren't men's rights. Everyone who isn't a white man has suffered for so long, they don't want to lend support.
Right wingers identified this and have offered these young disillusioned men the safe space they so desire. Then they grow to hate the people who rejected them.
Right wing values close ties. Family, friends, and to a lesser degree their community. Left wing hates family, friends, and community.
young black and latino men are also 'right wing', but for some reason the MSM classifies black nationalism as left wing and white nationalism as right wing.
"left wing" values communty though im on 4chan just like you but the whole "revolution" talk is about becoming independent from big corporation and helping one and other, public food drives and take one leave one storage etc etc it wont ever happen though unfortunately
He's a hot twink.
Have you ever heard the cliche, no bond is stronger than two people who hate the same person?
and pair that with feeling a sense of belonging and community its directly hard wired into our brains and has been nurtured for a gagillion years,as for why its mainly white men? I dont know probobly because muh hitler
I haven't heard of this revolution before but many churches have food drives. Last one I went to did it every week. Current church is smaller but they still help other members in need all the time. Not sure about storage other than the rental units but there's a lot of options. These things definitely exist if you just look.
I'd suck his dick origggg
What other option is there? Society has pushed them all into this position.
literally mental illness, whites are a buck broken race
people unironically take life advice from midwit zoomers on youtube
civilization is doomed
The same way people get pushed to any sort of extremism be it far left or whatever. The need to be accepted, the need to not feel like an outsider, the need to not feel lonely and to have kinship with those that claim to understand you. Not feeling like a freak for the first time ever.
Not exactly, they traded their actual superiority for a perceived moral superiority.
White leftists are genetic/ideological dead ends. Terminal cuckoldry.
I think you are putting the cart before the horse. People simply think a certain way, hold certain beliefs and values, and prefer the company of those who agree with them.
They hide behind the skirt tails of government because they realize their own inferiority and weakness. They fear the world but at the same time feel entitled to controlling everyone even though they can't control their own waistline. Leftists see normal people who just want to be left alone and think "there out to be a law, quick daddy government do a violence on them".
what causes young white males to become far right?
63+% of men being single will do that.
Obviously they are single. Who the hell wants to date American women?
I can't attract females, so I'll become even more bitter and aggressive and talk loudly about how I want to control them!
brilliant plan
talk loudly about how I want to control them!
lmao, lets be real, we're all WELL past the talking stage. There will be no forgiveness, NO salvation, on the day of the beta uprising.
You fell for the memes if you think it's that surface level. 
People like Chomsky or Richard Wolff or any random youtube leftoid just love to talk about "theory" or "concepts" to "justify" or "critique" things, but when you actually just ignore all that talk and focus on the things they end up supporting it's 100% of the time a regime sanctioned doctrine that's ultimatetly anti-human. The superficial excuses are just noise meant to dazzle retards.
Most people don't describe themselves as "leftists," that's what rightoids call anyone who's not a nutjob racist and Trump worshiper these days.
this
people group them in with the "band aids are racist because they dont have diffrent skin tones" preachers
Ask any university student and she will agree with that statement
of course she will as we have seen with The Third Wave experiment, its all forced posturing and cancel culture brought up by cancel culture and the fact that once your reputation or image is ruined you no longer can move comfortable within the world. It feels like theres cameras everywhere.
Again, what they do or don't describe themselves as or say out loud is utterly meaningless. The people who shill the vax are the people who shill BLM are the people who shill socialism are the people who shill climate change are the people who shill faggotry. Everything else is just windowdressing.
The people who shill the vax
You think the vast majority of doctors are LGBT/BLM supporters? Are you fucking retarded, or just underage?
Doctors went 8+ years of the educational system which itself primes them to be obedient to the status quo. As a side note the state also gave financial incentives to administer vaccinations. 
But more importantly the people who shilled for the vax were leftoids regardless of their prior medical knowledge. You're just grasping at straws.
the people who shilled for the vax
Just because the vast majority of anti-vaxxers are dimwitted right wingers doesn't mean the vaccines were created and distributed by "the left," you delusional moron.
It's funny that you just can't help yourself but have to insult right wing anti-vaxxers as if we haven't been throughly vindicated. 
You're a vaxxoid shill just like every other leftoid.
Facebook posts don't count as vindication.
But if we're talking enforcement, they're propped up by the elite and corporations your side gives tax cuts to. You just can't envision a left that's not a strawman of either liberalism or marxism.
But if we're talking enforcement
There's not really even any enforcement. Certain nations and private companies want proof of vaccination for you to enter their premises, which is entirely within their rights to require. The mandates these dipshits are always fearmongering about will likely never materialize, and most of the people who got the jab have already moved on with their lives.
board full of misfits and other dregs of society
obsessed with social norms
You're a special kind of stupid, are you?
superiority
Ahhahaha
The left hates men with a passion and actively tells men to not give their opinions, laughs at men with genuinely difficult lives, advocates against most men's interests, etc. The better question is why some young men are leftists (it's because they think it will get them laid).
Facebook posts don't count as vindication.
So just to be clear you are ready to bite the bullet that the covid vax was a good and sound thing and that the vaccine was in fact safe and effective?
You just can't envision a left that's not a strawman of either liberalism or marxism.
There is no strawmen. You support BLM, LGBT, feminism, the vax, ukraine, big tech censorship are pro-immigration and really 'care' about climate change. That's what you are.
gaslighting us into trying to believe mandates never happened
That's why people hate you.
gaslighting us into trying to believe mandates never happened
They didnt.
There was never a "You need to be vaccinated to go to a Beyonce concert" law passed.
Its just private companies deciding to deny you service.
If someone doesnt let you into their house unless you take your shoes off thats not a "shoe taking off mandate".
You're not a victim, faggot. Just an obnoxious imbecile who based his entire personal identity on nonsense.
My university literally mandated vaccination or else i couldn't go on their campus. Fuck off you liar.
Zoomer right wing > Millennial retards
Zoomer right wingers can actually argue in favor of conservatism without sperging out about MUH BIBLE or MUH HITLER 1488 NIGGERS like Millennial retards do.
Look at you pretending to be antiestablishment when you are their biggest cocksuckers. For the record Europe had government enforced mandates and you were treated like a pariah if you did not get the vaccine.
projection: the post
I forgot to mention you also worship trannies mutilating themselves. Talk about basing your identity on nonsense.
pretending to be antiestablishment
you also worship trannies
and now you're hallucinating things no one said
what a pathetic little subhuman freak lmao
Leftoids are an archetype. You've seen one you've seen them all. Are you gonna prove me wrong by disavoing all the things i listed before?
government enforced mandates and you were treated like a pariah
government enforced mandates 
treated like a pariah
So European governments just employ weak shaming tactics instead of, you know, imprisoning people? Big if true.
Australia imprisoned people and in Europe you were practically banned from public spaces and had to go through ridiculous hoops just to be able to continue working regularly if you weren't vaccinated. 
Gaslighting piece of shit.
Far Right
Coping Mechanism
It's all a Coping Mechanism to feel better about your own life. You know deep down you ain't better then the next man next to you going by just accomplishments. You have to attach yourself to someone that is actually superior by race proxy to feel better about your own.
Normie Right
Uneducated, probably lives in all White area and knows no better then what people online tells them, trauma from past experiences
Something like this
You just proved that anon right you are the establishments lapdogs. It is really just like Ted said, delusions of rebellion while being their biggest supporters.
So European governments just employ weak shaming tactics instead of, you know, imprisoning people? Big if true.
They tried that in Austria with fines and all the other shit, but quickly gave up when they saw the thousands of Austrians on the streets.
bro the costal elites are like totally conservative because they've like never been to the ghetto 'n stuff they're like traumatized by that...yeah!
Imagine believing this.
are u a costal elite? ure just a loser incel neet anon proving my point exactly trying to attach urself to superior men
delusions of rebellion
How am I pretending to be a rebel? By making fun of some retard on an anonymous incel forum? Get a grip, kid.
They tried that in Austria with fines and all the other shit, but quickly gave up when they saw the thousands of Austrians on the streets.
Huh, turns out you can simply ignore the government and there's nothing they can do about it.
Because far-right ideologies, unlike liberalism, actually provide a sense of meaning, moral values purportedly worth fighting for, and answers to the modern crisis.
How am I pretending to be a rebel?
Do you see yourself opposed to the status-quo or mostly in favour of it?
Ted Kaczynski
How original
cooming bad
Daring today, aren't we
baby boomers stay mostly conservative like their parents
gen X becomes progressive leftist to rebel against their parents 
gen z becomes conservative to rebel against their parents yada yada yada
paizuri
original
being unoriginal doesn't make it untrue
Yes it does.
Thats litterally the entire point of this board.
Unoriginal=bad.
Go back to re edit to repeat the same opinion over and over to each other with other boring unoriginal npcs.
The problem with leftism is that many people don't understand that it's always marxism. It's just disguised as "social justice" now, that's why it is called cultural marxism. But it's always political marxism in the end. The goal of it is revolution and then communism, always and everywhere. Movements like BLM don't even hide that they're marxists, and all the other woke movements, be it anti-fascism, identity, sex etc, are just bait to get more people for the revolution to come. When you understand this, you naturally become anti-left, because you don't want to live in an totalitarian communist regime like china. It's not actually a right-wing position to be anti-marxist. It's conservative and just basic reason, when you believe that freedom is an important value.
The people who are driving this culture war are not even really marxists, when you define a marxist as someone who believes all the crap about evil capitalism and workers liberation. Only the dumbest actually believe this obvious propaganda (students even more than workers). They are marxist when you, realistically, see it as a method to manipulate masses of people into a revolution to bring down the government and instal a one-party tyrany. It's seemingly the easiest way to do this, when you sell it as liberation. I don't know how so many "liberals" can be so stupid to believe this. Just ask some workers in china or north korea how it feels to be liberated.
It's now really 5 to 12. In 10 years the world could be a global totalitarian nightmare already. The revolution in the usa (called civil war by leftists) is now really a posibility, and when the usa fall, europe will fall too, and then it's just china and russia left. Then there will be no more place to hide. You will obey the communist lords or go to the gulags.
Get told from age 3-18 that you're the evil devil enemy of all civilization
The sole people who offer you a place of acceptance are "Far Right White Male Nationalists" because they understand what has fundamentally sustained Western civilization for the last 200 years
Left offers a church that has no salvation. Whites can never be equal in left society, they are eternal lessers and have permanent / original sin that can never be absolved.
If that's what the opposition offers, lmao wtf do you think the kid is gonna pick?
hello gerbert
Yes it does.
No it doesn't.
I mean, say what you want about the tenets of National Socialism, Dude, at least it's an ethos.
What is the enlightened, true view in your opinion? Isn't leftism just coping with your inability to succeed in life?
GERBY?
Turning on the television, opening a newspaper, walking out the front door, and logging onto the web - I'm angry from the moment I wake up, until the second I fall asleep, on account of what TPTB have done to my country and my race.
Lack of strong father figures growing up
Failure in what they want their life to be
Single and somewhat socially isolated
That's how it starts, then they discover right wing spaces online
Tells them they are superior based on race, nationality, religion, gender
Literally born into the best of everything, what luck, everything they were born into = good, everything different = bad
Strokes their ego, tells them how important they are and people like them
Offers a scape goat for their failures, despite their superiority
Leftists, jews, blacks etc.
Too much exposure to reality.
I remember they did a study saying right wingers seemed to be germaphobes and highly anxious/OCD. It seems some people are wired to identify threats and avoid/prepare for them. When their pattern recognition is disrupted it triggers are natural fight or flight response in them.
Also, I will say
why are you right wing anon?
black people are dangerous and make neighbourhoods unpleasant to live in
yes, but why!
Sort of like
Hey, Mohammed, why do you hate infidels?
Islam
yes, but why!
Gerbert is a grifter. I remember when he did that video where he reacted tk some redpill faggot went around college asking girls if they'd hook up with him and he's like 'oh nooo doood they wont' 'it's so HARD being a man dood' and then every girl basically said yes and he sits there speechless before changing the topic for the rest of the video.
Imagine thinking some objectively attractive guy is a good voice for all of the blackpilled losers out there.
Far-right men have mommy issues and far-left men had no father figures.
