I'm not a sex haver and I have no interest in doing it but I still want to find a girlfriend to share experiences and romance with. Dating apps like tinder and bumble are almost entirely hookup apps so where would I even begin to look for women who solely just want to date? Is it even possible?
if you just want a date without any sex stuff then just ask out a guy, it's not sexual since its just a date right anon? :)
i find it crazy for a guy to be asexual
you never feel horny? never get that primal urge to just fuck? how is that possible
gotta be a meme some people took too far
this tranny needs to kill himself
All women are WHORES. So no
picrel is literally a 9/10 asexual virgin
I don't get it. You say you are asexual, but you're posting pictures of cute girls so you have some degree of attraction. Is it just to look at them, like paintings? Asexuals most of the time seem to be lying to themselves tbqh
"Asexual" is a badge women apply to themselves to appear ~*~special~*~ as they sit in the Chad waiting room.
Who is this semen demon succubus
https://taimi.com/asexual-dating
Why do you not want sex though?
Asexual on this board means i take a lot of antidepressants and my libido went gone
Pretty sure thats empathchan
Hot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2atr-SKjM8E [Embed]
You can recognize a handsome man without wanting to have sex with him, can't you? So there shouldn't be any issue with recognizing a beautiful woman and desiring a romantic relationship with her (without sexual intercourse).
pedophile onlyfans whore with a chronic photoshop addiction*
faggot simps like u need to commit shotgun suicide
I would let her suck my balls and wallet dry
unironically mental asylum or reddit mental illness subs, many mentally ill women dont want sex due to PTSD, also good taste anon unfortunately i dont think empath wlll date any of us ever
No it makes zero sense to me. I don't get why you care if she's beautiful if you apparently have no sexual attraction. I can recognize handsome men but it is meaningless to me in relationships because I don't care about fucking them.
Not OP, but when my depression bottomed out I completely stopped caring about sex or having it. Stopped fapping pretty completely. Haven't touched a woman in like 6 years. I think you can just catch/develope it, like the gay.
Are you horny every minute of every hour of every day of every week? Or are there periods of time when you aren't horny? During those periods of time when you aren't horny, do you still want to have a girlfriend? Now imagine that the period of time without horniness lasts forever (or almost forever), but nothing else changes. Even when you don't feel like sticking a penis in a vagina, that feeling of wanting a girlfriend doesn't change.
Does she still have a server? Originally of course.
Heres empathchans server 
.gg/Zk9vxUREM8
i am pretty close to asexual but id never date a pedochan simp
I am completely ignorant about who that girl is or what her drama is, but based.
No shit sherlock
Being a pedo isnt a bad thing, retard.
kys you filthy nigger how can a tranny like you still be alive I hope one day you hang yourself
Cringe. Back to your Reddit safespace moralfag
being a porn addicted cuck nigga is though
I would say I am an asexual girl but that may come from my own disgust of my body but its not like looking at porn or whatever disgusts me
More simp-assigned or self-posts from this roastie wh0re Chloe please find the nearest appropriate ceiling fan in your council-assigned apartment to rope a n00se around your fat double-chinned neck
There aren't asexual women, only women that want their first time to be with chad.
Holy based. Fuck this rancid whore and her vile face and personality. This shit is flooding the catalog every day.
someone seems mad ;)
Someone seems like a fugly as fuck larper flexing an Airsoft BB gun LMFAO
She is pretty wow
Women cannot be asexual they are programmed to be whores
Seems like it would be full of bluehairs, politically-obsessed normie retards, and fake asexuals who got cheated on once and decided they "don't like the drama."
This insane histrionic mentally Ill escaped psychiatric patient needs to find themselves back to the psych ward
Not OP. I get horny and definitely think about sex. However, I consider myself asexual in the sense that I never want to experience sex due to my own insecurities. Many people will claim asexuality based on lofty ideas, but it seems like those seem people are just repulsed by their body image. 
So yea, if I ever met a girl I would post-pone sex until it became an issue. Then, dump her.
You should hit up empathchan she sounds like you.
Yeah I'm a SIMP
S - exually
I - attracted
M - to
P - empathchan
yeah it's very much possible just a little harder since the only thing people think about nowadays is sex
