How do I get a gay, gassy robot bf who will sit on my face?
You take a shower you fucking degenerate
I'm super clean anon. Just because I want a smelly bf doesn't mean I'm gross.
Here I am anon
In all seriousness, why?
It's hot? Like idk what else to say really.
Yeah but like... What about being an absolute stenchbeast is hot?
The idea that some guy is making me huff his gross gas. I have a really sensitive nose and hate bad smells.
I dont this its actually hot, its just a false sense of intimacy. People into this fetish aren't thinking in their minds about actual farts. They have no idea what it smells like at all. 
Its literally a fetish born from being a lonely retard.
Fucking kek. I know a thing or two about being a lonely retard but clearly OP has a PhD in being one.
How is that hotter than like... Tender yet forceful kissing? Or him holding you down and sucking your dick? Wouldn't you rather he make you do something you *don't hate*?
If you're forcing me to do something I like then it's not really forcing and the masochist in me gets nothing out of that
hit him up nigga
Who said anything about *me* forcing you to do anything anon?
The forcing aspect is a kind of attention and possessives. Theres an honesty that comes with treating someone like shit you don't get from people generally. Especially since theyre doing something so personal too. The forced shameful gross act combines alot of desirable emotions.
For women it shows that youre very successful and that shes utterly expendable to you, that you aren't desperate.
For men it I think its her accepting and embracing you even though your not chad, that she desires you for non hypergamous traits. 
OP is a faggot so he imagines this woman as a femboy.
Dang. Not to break out the bro psych, but it sounds like op has seeeeerious trust issues, if he needs farts to believe that his partner loves him for him. Divorced parents?
Op imagines the girl as a femboy because men and femboys are FUCKING hot stfu.
trust issues
Well yeah hes an incel, he has no way to even know if someone likes him nobody ever has in any sense. 
Hes probably had people be nice to him and ignore him so hes blended the ideas since so often people are extremely polite to strangers.
Its not divorced parents its probaby everyone trying to make him feel better when he was in school while never spending anytime with him outside of class.
Jokes aside about op being a faggot, i think its easier for him to believe a man would like him and not a girl.
The offer to move in with me and my wife is still open.
i mean im single and im pretty gassy
you iz fag
