why do zoomer retards idolize this guy so much again?
say what you will but he proved that bald gay chinless weirdos can become the most popular eceleb on earth for a while. this gives me home for becoming one myself.
had to resort to self-cucking and pimping out his girlfriend to make rent
Girlfriends* he had more than one. And guy is a player he uses girls for sex or money. You think he actually loved those hoes?
tried so hard to overcorrect he narc'd on himself and got arrested
The girls who reported him were found to have been liars and planning this for months. Their text messages showed them telling each other they were gonna be famous and ask netflix to make a movie about their bs. And of course he went to jail in this cucked society. Its billions against him. And he still fights, he doesnt give in and become a souless npc like a pussy
only lasting business success came from being a discord mod
He literally became a multi millionaire off his previous businesses
Lol
i hope he sees this, maybe he can teach you to self-cuck and run a discord as effectively as he did
what are you, his ball fondler in chief? how much does he pay you to ride his cock this hard loool
his "fighting" literally consists of tweeting and running a pyramid scheme. go back to tiktok zoomer
nta but >no argument
ok socrates here's my carefully formulated refutation
Lack of father figures. Also I find it funny how Tate went from being an atheist to larping as Christian and then when he found out being Christian means making actual lifestyle changes he switched religions again and now larps as Muslim because Muslims can have multiple wives and adultery isn't considered a sin in that religion.
how many bugattis do you own?
the worst part is that you think you're funny.
He is funny but you can't see that with tate's balls in your mouth and his dick in your eye
As many as can fit up your gaping asshole which is at least a 100
This is the type of person who watches him, and this is the type of person he's produced: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/WLBr6gH8vb8
This is his "alpha male" society and who's actually following it. People who are actually alpha aren't following what he says because they're already secure in their masculinity and the world hasn't made them bitter. Thats why they're alphas, they're already popular and secure.
the worst part is actually that youre on the same level as 40 year old housewives who buy into MLMs if you think tate is anything other than a two bit scammer
the worst of all
