Is the world actually worse now or is it just because we have the internet/social media and can know everything now? People hate on the young generation for doing dumb stuff on social media for clout but weren't people always doing retarded shit like jackass and cky but just without recording themselves? I live in a big city but I always hear about how people in rural/flyover states do dumb shit all the time with ATVs and bmx bikes etc.
I am pretty sure there was a video of American kids setting themselves on fire circulating in the news of my turd world shithole more than a decade ego.
Another comedic offering from the African youth
that wasn't bussin fr on god was it zoomie? devious lick on your skin lmao
The world is the same you just have more information.
What exactly is the goal here
This vibrant inner city denizen wanted to twerk while her ass was on fire
Do they describe this challenge as "fire fr fr"?
very low intelligence where they can't understand the consquences of their action. kekd at her stupid mom with the tiny water bottle in case something went wrong
I don't know, let her cook tho
social media le bad because jerking off to porn and consuming media is easier than making friends and getting a girlfriend
Niggers are retarded.
Zoomers are retarded.
Nigger zoomers are UBER retarded.
To show you why you shouldn't light your ass on fire.
i grew up before social media and i was an adult after social media became popular. social media has completely destroyed the brains of everyone who uses it. they doomscrolled their brain away, all of them. people do not act normal anymore. this is our generations version of lead poisoning. i personally believe social media causes permanent brain damage the same way lead poisoning does, but in a different way. women are the worst with social media, all the likes and attention they get on it inflates their ego and it makes them believe they are this really big deal like a celebrity
The fact that zoomer retards are killing themselves because of TikTok challenges is arguably a good thing and I hope to see more of it.
The world is getting a lot worse every day, they just distract you with meaningless bullshit like this, and advancements in technology. While the world is safer and more convenient than ever, we're most disconnected than ever.
its the same, the world just got smaller
