How you, americans, feel about it?
Chads are being murdered and incels get to fuck their widows.
Is he ok? Should we send some more tanks, just in case?
dead hohols turn me on moar pls
You suffer more than pic related simply by being russian
Lmaaaaooooo fuck hohol trash
Skill issue. 
Tbh though I wish Ukraine all the best, but the fact that my country is funneling retarded amounts of cash and supplies there, while our own country crumbles makes my blood boil. I know it's all on purpose too, they're just stealing the silverware off the titanic as they do nothing to help the country.
I feel bad that the west has helped drag this war out, causing many more deaths than probably would've happened, but also Ukraine does have a right to defend itself. I just wish the US didnt stick its dick in every global event
That's the opposite of what is happening. All chads have either fled the country before the full-scale invasion started or got papers where it's stated that they are unfit for service, and all incels are hunted by the police and draft officers and are thrown right into the meat grinder by their superiors.
Is this true?
There is no worse fate for a white man currently
Very nice strawman retard. Yeah let's talk about niggers when the bigger problems are staring you in the face. Weakening of the dollar on the global scale, coupled with sky high inflation, soaring housing, gas, and food costs, crumbling infrastructure, a still rampant shortage of critical supplies in many sectors of the economy, wide open southern border, a retard in command trying to push us to war so Raytheon can get a stock price bump. All while the media ignores it and bitches about trannies, one way or another. Suck my dick with your retard post
Do Russians take pride in going into a meat grinder for no other reason than an oligarch wanting to expand his friends energy businesses by 1%?
There's a ho chi minh quote about America in Vietnam. "Ten of us will die for every one of you, and in the end it will be you who tire of war"
He was right too. Fighting for national sovereignty is different than some 'special mission'. They will fight to the last man. Putler already used a draft and worsened Russian brain drain. It speaks to the state of Russians as a race that anybody can still think it's a good idea.
You want to know something funny? They AREN'T funnelling huge amounts of your money there. Those numbers are REPACEMENT rates. They calculate it like this;
The concept is that Ukraine remains financially on the hook for the higher rate despite getting the old, low value goods and SIG and Raytheon and friends get a nice fat cheque despite the U.S. mil not being in a major conflict now. Pretty smart honestly.
do ukies take pride in getting memed into fighting an unwinnable proxy war?
Not sure. There was a Vice documentary on the war, and one of the wounded soldiers was extremely pissed off, as he was poor/working class, and while recuperating in Kiev, he saw a big party with rich kids (male and female), who said they were committed to having as much fun as possible to deal with these uncertain times, and he was like "why don't they go and do something useful like fight, my friends are dying and maimed"
It's not a proxy war when it's your own country.
Get this gorenigger out of here
