Why type of girl do you usually attract robots?
the non existent type
goths, but not only women
Probably cougars or just older women
This kinda girl. the kind that's always on call, if y'know what I mean.
Girls that pretend to be shy but aren't. I'm the shy one, you whores. You are supposed to approach me.
Almost none, very occasionally women who experienced very traumatic events during their childhood. I think because I'm tall and calm, women like that feel safe with me.
Fucking kek.
Age gap. Either twice my age or teenagers. I've literally never been on a date with a girl who was within five years of my age.
There's this girl at my job that looks like a slightly less attractive version of the girl on the left
Low self esteem, traumatized suburban UO types
Mentally ill girls. Happened a few times. 
I hate myself
None
Never
Drug addicts, bpd/npd abusers, whores, and general basket cases. Oh and single moms :/
Overweight mixed women.
autistic ones
only mildly and theyre still attractive
Absolutely ZERO.
And if i did, i would tell myself i am a faggot for disrespecting her by thinking she might be interested in me
Apparently all women that I encounter are attracted to me on some level based on body language 
The only kind that actively make any kind of effort though are fat chicks, or old chicks
Forgot to add, fat whales as well
All of the girls who've openly liked me hit the perfect point on the autism spectrum where they're too high to be too oblivious to not realize I don't feel the same but just low enough for me(passing sperg) to look like a creep taking advantage of them.
Ones with absent or poor father figures. I just want an autistic one again. Normalfag women are extremely insufferable.
Cute slightly overweight women who I ultimately reject due to their mental health issues
Most girls at least develop platonic feelings for me. I will say that I tend to attract ones with mental illness though. I try to help them as best I can.
Ugly chicks and overweight (not obese) chicks.
I must look decent but still attainable for them or something.
Turned all of them down for years and have only fucked hot asian prostitutes because i am a schizoid sigma male (autistic sociopath)
Pretty but abusive cluster b chicks
nothing nada nadie aaaa fuck even the damaged ones don't want anything to do with me fuck fuck fuck fuck ufck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fu ckfuckfuckfuck fu kcfuckfuckfu\ fuckgfuc uf,sgkkfgdfkh' a'g12#!@#!!$%13~~~~~!!!!1
only 2 gfs i had asked me out. first was a wristcutter with daddy issues and second was "pansexual" gamer tumblrina. 3rd other female to ever show interest in me was a coworker who is a ESL single mother and would occasionally touch my butt when she walked past. she stopped working there soon after.
Huh, me too. Are you also white?
Yeah I am. original
Mid 30s+ women
You're not the only one. I wake up in a desert every day. In fact attract no one, not even platonically. The only people that actively want to get involved with me are gay men and I fucking despise every one of them.
Why is it so hard to find someone like this?
