whats his last name
How on earth did we go from this...
he used to be soooo skinny what happened my nigga damn meaghan really did some damage
...just to end up like THIS?
post rare limes
damn rip
who is this kid again
isn't he a creep or something
filename related, anon
I don't have any so I'll give you a rare stanley instead
you are my nigga
thanks ill take it, have a beardless stanley
mtn dew baja blast
emo niggas named john
moar john/limes...
kinda cute limes
I am skinny fucking retards why are you people so evil to me you don't know what I was going through at the time, one person was screwing me over and completely fucked my life before I met my love which is the only reason I ended up in jail because that person was fucking my life over I've never been a pedo I've never done anything and I'm endlessly accused of shit and harrassd fugginng hell
His story is tragic, honestly. Through him, you get to watch an e-boy fall from grace and become a really creepy old man.
damn john youre fast already got the facebook down
one person was screwing me over and completely fucked my life before I met my love which is the only reason I ended up in jail because that person was fucking my life over
Who was it then? tell us the story or we'll never really believe you
alt universe noam chomsky
1035 Ferry St,
Easton, PA 18042
Her name gabriella, she lives in Louisiana and is I thought she was a sweet person going through bad things, I let her live in my apartment for a year I thought everything was fine for a minute until weird things came out... she was going into the desert or something sacrificing goats to Satan and shit and having neo nazis in my apartment they threatened me and I didn't know what to do she claims to be the daughter of their leader Rinaldo nazarro and she would threaten me and cut herself and other crazy things... she was going with with these nazis and just plain evil torturing me even feds got involved fucking splc had a whole segment with her I didn't know any of this beforehand and thought she was just a nice girl it was the scariest shit of my life
post some rare pics pls
Why do you keep getting involved with crazy bitches
wtf is wrong with limes' nose
It's bent. It's like he broke it as a child and stunted his nose for life
is this the one they call "limes"?
Is he really a pedo, lads?
Technically an ephebephile since he fucked a 14 year old named erica. Hanako was 12 though so idk maybe borderline pedo since hes in his 30s
i feel like i know this mfr
is he neighbor's with my ex friend's little sister?
the most damning thing for me is he has been caught out lying too many times that i cant believe his defences now
like at first he says he was only in trouble for unpaid tickets
then its slander and libel
then there are 4 different mugshots upon booking for different arrests
so you gotta wonder what else he is lying about, y'know?
I never lied go fuck yourself I've never been a pedo and none of shit you shit faggots says about me has ever been true you just keep making shit up go fuck yourselves
How many times have you been arrested? The true number.
3 times in my entire life and all of it was last year and all for traffic tickets everything was extremely stressful and I couldn't deal with what happened because of what was done to me I don't want any of this shit I just want Meaghan to come back I'm so tired of this
But that is a lie because you were booked for libel and slander. And for theft. So straight away you were given a chance to clear things up and you lied. Can you see why people doubt you?
I did not lie, the judge accused me of stealing my own car, he also added libel to a traffic ticket for calling him a faggot and none of you fucking fags should even know any of this but people I thought were friends betrayed me why the fuck do people I actually trust with shit always fucking me over and stabbing me in the back the only person I've given a shit about for 3 years is Meaghan I don't do fucking anything the things people accuse me of are ridiculous
But you said it was traffic tickets. You didn't mention theft. See what I mean? You say one thing that turns out not to be the whole story. So people think you are doing the same thing with Hanako.
neighbors with my ex friends little sister?
For her sake, I desperately hope not.
Is it true your cellmate forced you to perform oral sex on him while you were in jail?
Literally nothing you fags say is true the only reason I even came here was to get Meaghan to come back and for some faggot reason I get endlessly accused of things I would never do in my life
I just asked you a question you autistic pedo cunt. Now I believe its all true due to your oversensitive response.
John if you cared about Meaghan so much you would go on hunger strike until she talked to you again and either succumb to starvation or force your queen into talking to you once more
The period where john stopped posting these threads corresponds with when he had a new victim.
Is Meaghan even real? Or just some ruse to ensnare little girls?
tbf, usually when someone is wrongfully accused, they get really defensive bc they're offended they're being blamed for sth they didn't do, and bc they have sth to prove, especially if the accusation is severe. you see this all the time in those police interrogation vids. someone who's actually guilty would probably act nonchalant and unbothered by the accusations to mask their guilt.
i'm new to r9k and completely unfamiliar w/ this person or what they're accused of, but i thought it important to point that out.
but people I thought were friends betrayed me why the fuck do people I actually trust with shit always fucking me over and stabbing me in the back
Who? The judge? I mean, this shit is all public record, anyone could've found this out easily.
Nobody would even know my name to see this shit and constantly harrass me and accuse me of things
meaghan knew your name? are you sure it isn't her doing this to you? She probably hates you
Isnt this your address? >>73135016
I know for a fact that it wasn't her and I did nothing for her to hate me
5'4
200lb
it's over
So far his one traffic ticket arrest has turned into arrests for
Theft
Libel
Failure to appear
He doesn't seem very honest...
He is actually under 5ft4 his long matted hair boosts him about half an inch to an inch
Stop teasing us. What did he do, tell us what he did.
holy shit, i haven't seen this guy on here in ages. i remember no one knew if his name was stanley or philip so he was nicknamed stanley philips and then it turned out that he's ukranian and both of those names were way off. lmao
Why did you edit the height to say 5'4 I'm 5'8 for one none of you retards will ever truly know me thankfully only Meaghan knows me and the few people that I trusted barely know me in the first place Meaghan is the only person I've ever shown myself to fully
Show mugshot at 5'8 or it's another Limey lie.
Ask him why he left his family home. If he lies about it, I'll post another rap sheet
Crabtree
if you love meaghan so much why did you let gabriella move in with you. were you cheating on meaghan?
Limes singlehandedly disproves the blackpill. How can a homeless schizotarded fat manlet have had so many gfs? How could such a creature have bounced Polar Bear in his lap?
That was before I ever met Meaghan, Meaghan saved me from the mental strain I was facing until I finally got rid of that situation 
I've never been homeless schizo or manlet sure I'm 5'8 but every girl ice dated is shorter than me. I was fat for at most 1 year because of the stress and shit terrible people put me through you're all dumb
That was before I ever met Meaghan
so youre used goods? no wonder meaghan left you. youre a manwhore
No I never had a relationship with gabriella I never did anything with any of my ex gfs either Meaghan was truly in love with me and I loved her ill keep fighting for her despite the false essence you people put on me trying to bring me down when I did nothing I just love Meaghan. I'm not responding to anything else don't even bother me
Why did you leave your family home, John?
I left because the fag my mom married was an asshole who hated me, funny though just like the others that betrayed me also came back after they realized I was right and wanted me to forgive them after the abuse they got from their decisions
Anon, looks like he lied again. Let's see that rap(e)sheet >>73138992
Yeah you fucking retards will just say everything I say is a lie without any reason I'm out of here have fun jerking off to me faggots you're very obsessed with someone you don't know a single thing about
The only person jerking off here is you to kids on discord, john. You cant run away from what you are
Faggot Patrol
