late 20's neet khv
decide to change
get /fit/, get teeth fixed, stop with alcohol
goal reached
still khv
go to psychiatrist
Hello goyim, you got: adhd, depression, generalized anxiety disorder, and maybe some other personality disorders I'm too lazy to diagnose, here take these pills and come back in 3 months to get more, oh and try to get therapy or something, NEXT!(Public healthcare is so great, right fellow europoors?)
pills help to make me more motivated, start some hobbies again, but they also make me have suicidal ideation because I realize now what I really want from life more than ever, but can't get it.
call every therapist in an radius of 100km
no new patients , not even put on wait list
go to several clinics in person,no new patients, not even waitlist
look up self help, get into stoicism, the biggest cope philosophy (basically devalue life to not care about it anymore, amazing right?)
cying wojak with smug mask on.png
feel good for a few weeks telling myself I don't need a job, I don't need to care what society wants from me, I don't need a wife and children to be happy, nor a job
mask explodes into a thousand pieces after I watch (yet another) romantic anime
I NEED IT
get suicidal again 
I just want to make a woman happy..but that train is probably long gone. I can't shake my negative thinking, I'm addicted to hating myself and only seeing negativity, it's over.
Direct that anger towards something anon ?
mask explodes into a thousand pieces after I watch (yet another) romantic anime 
Yikes thats pretty pathetic anon. Women and children are annoying to associate with.
Liking romantic stuff is not gender specific
and they say that sex and opposite sex touch and love isn't a human right lol
look the state of this nigga
It's over. Just wait until the basilisk that rises from the sea (AI) will kill us all very, very soon.
https://youtu.be/jjyMuLNy2P8?list=RDEM841dqYnlXqLVP5OMZnY2-g [Embed]
mask explodes into a thousand pieces after I watch (yet another) romantic anime
think that shit qualifies as cyber self harm or something.
i do the same and nothing has me lying in bed staring at the roof feeling so empty i cant even cry or lash out quite like romantic anime or visual novels. it makes me think how i fucked up my school years, how i fucked up my teens, how i fucked up my early adulthood... blew every chance i had leaving me orphaned by experiences i never had. had my reasons for being like that but i didn't have to, i could have been different if i knew how bad things would get, how good they could have been.
alcohol used to be a fucking godsend for this. it let me forget about it. let me sleep easily without worry. let me escape into my mind like i used to as a kid and thinking it will work it self out eventually. i cant drink anymore now because my alcoholism has been destructive, just getting worse and worse every time i start. if i dont stop now there isn't a chance in hell i'll ever get better. i'll probably not anyway but i cope by telling myself that i can drink later but i cant stop and get the years back later.
No matter how hard I try nothing changes
didnt read lol
Regret is the worst feeling there is and it just keeps coming back again and again over and over.
mask explodes into a thousand pieces after I watch (yet another) romantic anime
I often try to distract myself from things like this with random hobbies that I pick up. 
But recently I heard a song in the car with the line "we all kissed in restroom at the party" said in a way like it was some sort of relatable "rebelion against system" that we all went through at the young age. I immediately went into vertigo over all things I missed/fucked up.
tfw you will never have an asuka in your life
the biggest cope philosophy (basically devalue life to not care about it anymore, amazing right?)
Oh so you're a braindead retard. Don't worry mate, no amount of therapy or pills would have fixed that.
I have respect for people who go that way but it's just not for me.
just try harder, bro, you got this
What do you have to offer to a woman besides being an emotional wreck
I'm funny and have many interesting hobbies and worldviews, also I'm edgy and have a big dick. 
Who am I kidding. Nothing but myself. It's over.
In which part you get a job?
Why would I get a job when I can live perfectly fine off welfare? 
Just kidding. (Not really) I'm not ready for a job. I'm starting a 15 hour/week social program soon where literal retards and other mentally I'll work. I hope that shit helps me..
