Friendly reminder that trannies will NEVER be women.
Not now, not tomorrow and not ever.
Darwin has won.
trans or gender non-conforming
I am very offended by this. I am a straight cis male who is "gender non-conforming" why do they lump me in with the transfreaks?
Because they ((you)) have fallen victim to this social virus.
The virus that directs autism to destructive paths.
Instead of the wizard powers being directed to something constructive and useful, they are corrupted into self-destructive narcissism
straight cis male who is "gender non-conforming"
how are you "gender non-conforming", anon? asking for normal non-horny reasons.
I'm not interested in most things men care about or find entertaining, enjoy listening to mostly female singers, watching romcoms and sitcoms that mainly chicks are into and I prefer to be alone or around women. I've rarely been in relationships, but what I'd want is something calm and neutral, where there is no masculine-feminine polarity, and we mostly just cuddle gently together.
And yet people keep calling them women
Leftists and kikes aren't people.
yeah i'm thinkin thread goes up
but attempting suicide is fembrained. Try again.
Doesn't make them a woman lol
I'm straight so whatever makes my dick hard is a woman. I'd bust one in Emma Ellingsen any day
PLEASE TALK TO ME ABOUT TRANNIES
PLEASE TALK TO ME ABOUT TRANNIES
PLEASE TALK TO ME ABOUT TRANNIES
PLEASE TALK TO ME ABOUT TRANNIES
No.
Your not straight if you get hard from trannies, faggot.
Not a woman.
I dont really care but i like humiliating my bottoms when i fuck em
So by your definition, this is a man? You wouldn't accept a blow job, no strings attached, from this person? Sounds like you're not straight, bro
Show me the chromosomes. You're just a regular faggot or seething tranny.
so you get off on chromosomes? "Oh yeah baby let me see those XX chromies baby" "aww im fucking COOMING".
There is no way you're that autistic
regular faggot or tranny
im a straight man but thanks for asking, faggot
He gets off females, because heterosexual people are attracted to the opposite sex, not people of the same sex larping as something else
>/wsg/5070336
imagine choosing Hulk Hogan with a pussy
okay faggots, I'll stick with Megan Fox
Cope faggot. You're not straight. 
Enjoy your ape pox >>>/lgbt/
>/wsg/5070336 (You)
he actually chose hulk hogan with a pussy
okay faggot
Crawl back faggot >>>/lgbt/
no arguments for hulk hogan vs megan fox
proceeds to throw pointless insults.
have fun playing 2d checkers, listen to the top g for once jfc
Do enjoy your ape pox and HIV, faggot. 
>/lgbt/
have fun fucking hulk hogan
i do feel empathy towards them, but what is being done to them is sick and cruel. its like lobotomies being pushed as a magic cure-all only to find out in horror later on that no, it didnt fix anything it just permanently fucked people up forever. thats what transgenderism does to people.
Have fun fucking a necrotic axe wound and die from STDs, faggot. 
>/lgbt/
Why are you obsessed with them?
