<comment>
Once when I was in some dumb career building class everyone had to take, but then I for some reason just decided to laugh for an extended period of time very loudly and for no reason. Then didn't say anything the rest of class. Just wanted to see how people reacted.
I uh. 
Didn't date much in school
Pic unrelated
<comment>
sitting in class
new girl
we're in a group talking during break
her arms are covered in scratches 
What happened to your arms? Did you get in a fight with a cat?
she cries and leaves class
didn't show up in class again ever
She either changed schools or killed herself, my friends thought it was funny though.
<comment>
I sat alone every lunch. One day my spot was taken so I sat with the special needs kids.
<comment>
When I was 14 I peppersprayed a guy in school who tried to bully me. I then told the police that he touched me and called me a slut (he didn't but he was a bully asshole anyway). Since then never got problems with bullying. Being a bit psycho can be helpful.
<comment>
Every moment I was in school was autistic
<comment>
One time we were playing dodgeball and this fat girl made fun of me so I kept calling her mom a whore, she walked over to kick me but I punched her in the head full force. I got taken to the principals office, they told me I can't hit girls and they might expel me, I asked why and he said you just can't. I said it was self defence so I did nothing wrong, he told me he might call the cops and I told him to do it because I know I did nothing wrong because my grandma is a lawyer. I just got a talking to and didn't get into any trouble at all in the end.
<comment>
lost my lunch money
think I'll get in trouble for not eating lunch
hide in corner of classroom
teacher comes back in classroom
walks to the corner I'm at
asks what I'm doing
ignore her hoping she goes away
she asks again
i look at her
she tells me to gtfo
go sit in bathroom stall
bad kids come in and pee on paper towels and throw them over into my stall
wait for them to leave and try to wash the pee off
lunch hour over and go back to class
everyone thinks i peed myself
That's one of the reasons why 8th grade was my last year of school
