Do you imagine yourself being a father one day?
Nope.
Women despise me for the way i was born.
No way one of them would let me cum inside them and go through 9 months of torture to give birth to my child.
i'm sure it has nothing to do with all of your evil choices and toxic personality.
If you mean evil choices=my face and my toxic personality=my height then yes i just said they despise me for the way i was born.
i've seen guys with a worse face have kids. your choices are completely your own fault.
Nope 
I wouldn't really care about my child on any level
I want a big family but I doubt ill ever have it now being a wizard khhv
I sure as hell hope not, I'm far too lazy to be a decent one
Yes I will be a father, and my creations will outcompete yours.
would you anons raise your kids to be blackpilled if you anons did have kids? the importance of looks
Yes. I want to be a dad
Your choices to choose to be short and ugly is your own fault!!! You should have made a better character in the character creation menu!!!!
Oh ok.
If you say so.
Yeah. My kid is already limited from watching too many cartoons or eating junk food. We try to keep him away from fatties.
Creating someone with half of my genes would be cruelty
For your sake I hope you are a troll
treating life like a game
and there it is. you assholes are too easy.
imagine
I will make it happen no matter what. I will be an excellent husband too.
You have opened my eyes.
I have realized that me choosing to be short and ugly was evil.
I will now choose to cacoon myself and go through metamorphosis restructuring my body to be 6'6 feet tall,getting rid of my male pattern baldness genes and giving myself blue eyes and blonde hair.
i fantasize about having a daughter sometimes just because i've been surrounded by nothing but males all my life but i'd rather let my dogshit genes rest in piss
To be fair, there are many other vapid whores who are reformed and have better interests than just being tall and having genes.
If I made some better choices in life, maybe I wouldn't be a NEET and would be a good father. Though with the current state of society, even if my life turned around and I got a loving wife, I don't even know if I'd want kids. Not exactly excited to pump out kids so they can become addicted to the internet and then either die in school or become a mindless drone.
based anon make sure hes mewing too so his jawline comes in right. better to start that shit early then too late. your kid will be a gigachad being blackpilled that early
I did
Just found out my wife is pregnant
tfw cheated on me before she found out
tfw the ultrasound revealed it was conceived right in the window of the day she cheated
The feeling was supposed to be the best in the world but it was shit, ultrasound didn't clear up anything so it's still shit and waiting on a paternity test.
Did you ask yourself what did you do to make her cheat so you dont make the same mistake again or did you just get angry and blame her for it?
I am one, single dad tho
Seems like bait, but in case it isn't I'd make sure the kid was yours. She'll proabbly try to convince you to stay if it isn't. You might be weak willed, which is why she tried to pull this bullshit in the first place. If it isn't yours anon, don't fall for her foid tricks, gl. 
Kek
I want to have them someday, but looking at my experience with other people, i would probably like and hate the little fuckers. They would nag me all day and i would be miserable trying not to punch them on the face. But again, we are born for it and no one is perfect. So what if they have daddy issues? why should I care? Most people do anyway.
I got lucky, pretty strong genes on my father's side, no paternity test required unless she fucks my relatives.
single dad tho
Wheres your wife?
Never married, and she didn't stick around anyway.
I wish it was bait
Her plans seems to be
abort it before getting a paternity test to save money
in which case I will file for divorce immediately, not conceiving a child in a graveyard
she gets the test
it's mine 
great, still a life moment utterly ruined and months of stress and savings wasted (pat test not covered by insurance)
she gets the test
it's not mine
she carries it to term
puts it up for adoption
Imagine how traumatizing that will be for everyone, raising and carrying a baby for nine months and have it taken from you. I think the only solution for me is pat test and it's mine or divorce flat out. You only get one first and she ruined it in a spectacular way as she usually does.
No. I refuse. Not making the rich any more slaves. Not fueling this shitty worl on my dime.
she usually does.
Dellusional narcissistic men always refusing to take acountability for their actions.
Its so tiresome.
You ruined it for yourself by pushing her into another mans arms.
Reflect on your behavior and fix your toxic personality or you will cause her to cheat again.
Honestly I hooked up with a few extraneous people myself throughout the course of our relationship and I even forgive her. I just thought we were past that stage. It's pretty normal for attractive people to cheat, but now the consequences will never be the same
Kek well in the case of your headcanon, it's better to be a delusional narcissist alone and be away from her right?
 i fantasize about having a daughter sometimes just because i've been surrounded by nothing but males all my life but i'd rather let my dogshit genes rest in piss
Have 3 of them and it is fun when they were young doing cute girly shit. Expiration dates on that stage
