I was over at some relatives' place yesterday, and these are white collar doctor and professional types who make like 150k-350k a year with master's degree and living in $1M+ homes. They ride my ass, as usual, telling me what to do with my life like get a "respectable" white collar office job, find a "respectable" white collar husband with a college degree, have a "respectable" haircut above my shoulders. I often felt judged for not making as much money or being as "educated". The most I ever made in my life was like 50k/year. I was washing the dishes for my aunt because she has hand arthritis from overworking them all these years (somehow they won't hire a maid), and I hear them talking about how expensive hotels are at $150/night. And in the back of my head I thought about the $500/night hotels that my clients stayed in while in town for business or pleasure, and who gave me couple hundred dollars in tips "just because". Or how someone spent $3500 on a date with me, and suggested I can get room service on his dime. Or how someone flew over to my city and was going to book a hotel where the cheapest room was $800/night just to see me, and then gave me the full $800 appointment fee for the inconvenience after cancelling our appointment on his end (so I never even met him). As a prostitute I've met men who have met the president, or who were personal friends of CEOs, politicians, and celebrities (or were themselves). If it wasn't for my escorting, I would never have come across men like this, nor seen their lifestyles. I would continued imagining that masters-degree holding workers making 150k/year with heavy student loans were "rich" and "elite". I am not particularly a head-turner either, and even my own clients aren't elite-elite, I have barely even scratched the surface of what real wealth is.
cont
These doctors and white collar types think they're high ballers for making 200k a year and act all hoity toity though they wouldn't be able to maintain their lifestyles if they stopped working for their employer for even six months. They think they're better than the citizens who make 50k a year or 30k a year. No you dumb fucks, you're still peasants. We're all peasants who are fighting amongst each other and dragging each other down while there's a whole world out there of people who can spend 50k like it's a price of gum. People who can stay in $800/night hotels for months on end, spend $1000 on a dinner for two like it's going out to McDonalds, to them walking around in a public department store like Neiman Marcus or Saks is like walking around at a Dollar Tree or Goodwill.
To these whales, professional class workers like doctors and lawyers in their BMWs and McMansions are "hood rich", meaning they're not that impressive, they're only impressive to other peasants.
I don't look up at the white collar, master's degree-holding professionals as "rich people" or resent them (except their snobbery depending on the person). They're not really rich, they're peasants just like the rest of us. To look at doctors and lawyers as "balling" would be like when working class whites think native americans are balling and resent them because the latter is getting meager government benefits, or when tenants resent their landlords who mortgaged their 100k homes and view the latter as "the bourgeois ownership class" and imagine dragging them down Marxist style whenever the landlord asks for their monthly $300 rent, all the while ignoring the actual rich people out there influencing their lives from a distance.
cont.
I am not that special either. I only crossed path with the rich... all because some random rich guy decided that I, some random non-rich girl, was what he needed to get his dick wet that night. I was so nervous to see them and realized many were just as nervous to see me. And that despite their wealth they're still human and that nobody has it all. Nobody.
Don't give a fuck, didn't read more than the first few sentences. Shut the fuck up, you stupid whore.
I realized this at 16.
I am not going to read all that shit when I know I'm just going to be disgusted by the end of it. Fuck off
Fr, and three fucking posts long
brutal. i had to read it until she said she's a prostitute.i couldnt tell its a woman at the start. stopped reading immediately
you must be insane if you think I'm reading all that shit. you suck dick for money. you don't have any insights much less a brain.
LARP escorts dont hang out on R9k. women dont either
related podcast https://youtu.be/KgK6WKSdpqk [Embed]
Tsk tsk femcel tsk tsk
don't confuse rich people with people that just bad with mnoney. Dumbasses working min wage will spend $800 on a hotel for a night, they are just bad with money
You aunt is rich enough for a maid, which means you come from a rich fakily.
You had everything laid out and chose, instead, to sell your body.
Fkn disgusting
Archetypally should a prostitute be considered a Jester doing Lover things or a Lover doing Jester things?
I should have taken psychology major as a B.A. and enjoyed life as a clinical psychologist and had some great money
My old roommate is a woman and has 2 rich dudes that take her to dinner once a week. They give her $250 but also pay for her meal. So she makes $500 a week for just tolerating retired lonely rich boomers. Like damn I didn't know people could toss money around like that
i shiggy diggy
She's right for sure. Say the people working at Amazon the ones that come up with whatever efficiency improvements or metrics think they are better than the bottom but really they are being micromanaged as well. Now at the very top I have a hard time understanding what these people even enjoy about life besides watching a number on a computer screen get bigger. I'm not sure if that's a sickness or just sad.
Yeah, that's pretty much right.
I'm a 36 year old engineer and have seen mundane level wealthy people who used to work at my office end up ruined financially after losing their jobs. And growing up my dad was a senior partner actuary who did well for himself and he had to bail out friends who got into financial messes a couple times.
It's especially because the more money you make the more you tend to spend. And when you're making six figures and get a nice house and cars and pay for your family and friends that can turn into a huge pile of debt that'll destroy you as soon as you lose your job and fail to find some comparable income source.
There's a term 'nouveau riche' uses for what you're describing: People who made a little more money than normal people but are not really part of the upper class.
See the film Eyes Wide Shut if you haven't already.
It's cool you're an escort. I like people into those kinds of stigmatized or unapproved ways of living. I was a drug dealer when I was younger and I'm into trannies too for a similar reason. Or serial killers. Or the homeless. Or schizophrenics. They all interest me as outsider types. I guess the ultra rich are outsiders in their own way. Celebrities and politians can lead strange isolated lives sometimes.
Escorts aren't that uncommon, anon. Porn stars have posted on 4chan before and they all do escorting.
I like threads like this because they reaffirm my IRL experiences. I'm UMC and I exist in that grey area between UMC and upper class. I don't have the correct background and social network to be upper class because that is something that you are born/marry into but I am also disconnected from the middle class.
My dad was similar to yours. He was an biglaw attorney which meant working like 60-70 hours a week. The pay was great but it meant sacrificing his health and he was always absent when I was growing up. Something that almost no one talks about is that those that act as svps, partners, and directors for the rich they sacrifice their health in service. Like my dad was always stress eating and rarely had time to look after his health. Most of his coworkers also became obese and it wasn't that uncommon for a lot of them to get health complications or die from stress/health related issues.
Skimmed through that and yeah I've found the same thing. There's "upper middle class" people and then there's rich. I'm not even a woman or tranny and I still got those men who can just throw cash at you or literally anything they want. Buying a $300 bottle of wine and then only having half a glass.
It's insane and really shows why we need some basic social support funded by taxing the ultra rich.
Brevity is wit, and women stretch a a fucking syllable into an entire highway system 
The plodding, mid-level diary writing is the biggest hint. It's probably bait, but all the same it becomes increasingly obnoxious.
Stopped reading here. Dont care, roastie. Tits or gtfo
Based
The difference is that they'll have steady/consistent jobs until they want to stop working. As a sex worker i'm assuming your prospects will only decrease with age. Also you're forced to take good care of your appearance while they can age and not care and not have to worry that it affects their ability to make a living
as an escort to the affluent she will probably make more than an umc person earns in their lifetime. escorting for the ultra rich is incredibly exclusive and niche, and some of them are supposedly paid like $100k just for a weekend getaway.
Yeah, but this is assuming they actually save it and don't just blow it by living increasingly more lavish lifestyles. i feel like people who come into easy money have a tendency not to really go about properly saving it, because it isn't something they had to steadily work their way up to. but who knows
that's true. maintaining wealth and investing is something that is typically taught and learned from father to son. Learning good personal finance habits can sometimes be hard and painful for the middle class.
I experienced the rich life and it's not fulfilling. My dad's business partners are a power couple. One is a retired economist, his wife is an architect. They live in Greece. I lived with them for a while. One of their houses is like something from The Sims. It's massive, surrounded by olive trees, has a military grade gate surrounding the property, and even has a button you can press that makes armored walls drop down and protect the house.
The lifestyle isn't for me. 5 star restaurants every night, never having to lift a finger, life feels like a permanent vacation. It may sound nice, but it gets boring fast.
Now I live in the forest. I have a small lake in my back yard. I work at a small local business. I spend my free time playing guitar and going for hikes with my dog in the woods.
When you're at that level, I don't think the exact number matters anymore, as long as the number is higher than your peers' numbers.
Call me a commie or whatever, I don't give a fuck, but the ultra rich really need to be taxed to hell and back. The level of wealth at the top is obscene. A lot of people will struggle to afford a house and pay it off over time, but these motherfuckers will spend 500k without a thought, because 500k is the equivalent of $20 to them.
woman makes interesting post instead of just farming for easy (You)s from retards
where do you draw the line between upper middle and upper class?
"REEEEEEEEE GET OUT WHORE!"
where do you draw the line between upper middle and upper class?
i feel like people who come into easy money have a tendency not to really go about properly saving it, because it isn't something they had to steadily work their way up to.
i think there's more correlation with mindset than background. some people just are more financially risk averse than others
we all knew this though
Cope harder turdwhore
Shut up ruined woman.
go back to posting dumb fucking surveys on twitter
OP can continue selling her body forever and remain a real woman.
But you will never be a real woman.
LARP but the facts of the story are still true. The top half percent is more than 1.5 million people, and they all earn at least a million per year just because they own shit. It's not that they're rich in cash, they're also rich in time, and there are TONS of them.
The real thorn in my side are all the ones that have popped up in the last 20-30 years or so off inherited stock from the IPOs that made it or land rights bought by their grandfather. I hate that they're NOT elite and hanging out in their exclusive clubs, instead they're outbidding average people on the bread and circuses that used to be affordable. The first super bowl tickets were $12 on average, with a minimum wage of $1.40. They're $8,837 now.
It's that way for everything. Between them and child-free millenials the everyman can't afford shit. Those $150 hotel rooms were $70 a decade ago. They can pay thousands for VIP tours to cut in line at Universal Studios or Disney parks; a decade ago that would have been sacrilege. Weren't enough whales to justify souring the experience for the plebs when they see the elite cutting them.
What I don't get are the fucking mobile games. Specifically game of war and its clones. https://youtu.be/BIrBw7Ix2RI [Embed]
Read through the comments and you'll see posts by boomers recalling the tens of thousands they spent on the game and how AMAZING the experience and their community/guild was, and how excited they are to start all over and spend tens of thousands in the new game of war clones that pop up.
It's fucking weird. I miss when they were too good for our world and kept their money and spending within their own social circles.
Nothing makes me feel more like a woman than being paid to be gangbanged or fucked in the ass
I think uhnwi $30+ million is the starting point but IMO the upper class is not just wealth but social connections and power. The upper class is almost like a walled garden in that you can only be born into/marry into and you have to maintain class proximity to it by attending select private day schools/colleges. A lot of upper class people that are born into that environment have those established social connections to maintain their family's continuity and access to power. 
For example: A family friend that is close to the dean of HYPSM will help their friend attend HYPSM (I actually know someone IRL that did this. The kid was a drug addict but he was still admitted with shit grades). A family friend that is a managing director will hire their friend's child to jumpstart their career. Then the child will be sent off to become a senior manager at another firm.
UMC people don't have that avenue or access to power. If you are a semi affluent UMC person with a parent that was a SVP, MD, or partner of some kind then you have wealth to insulate yourself with financial stability but that wealth can't be transmitted into power. Also UMC people are sent into the rat race where you have to prove your worth continuously to the upper class and if you can't then you are cut loose.
There's nothing that makes you better than a $5 dollar prostitute and yes I've had $5 dollar prostitutes but perhaps the sweet spot was pregnant teens for $20 bareback. Your clients are dweebs, maybe you should look into violent crime. I can't imagine you being attractive.
and you partake in these rich circles through your escort job and they shower you with money.
you aren't like us, you're like the rich people, their world is your world.
you even said that you aren't the most beautiful ever yet all you need to join this world is to sexually associate with the people in it. for us, we must be in the rat race to try and get there and almost all of us will fail in doing so.
social inequality exists because of women. it's because of women's preference for wealth that we will always have inequality. even before millionaires and billionaires, a woman would choose a cavechad with a stockpile of buffalo steak over betagatherer with his farmed berries and roots.
human society is violent, unequal and full of suffering precisely due to women's preferences.
whenever i observe conventional depictions of wealth, it just looks so lifeless and fake. all of it.
i'm sure the food is nice. i'm sure financial freedom is great. but everything else just feels like a performance
but that wealth can't be transmitted into power.
really? i can't imagine someone with a bit of ambition and that many resources at their disposal couldn't find a way in
to be honest, i'm not really even sure that i want to work my way up to chase absurd levels of wealth. i don't really look at billionaires and wish that i could be like them
unless there's some hardcoded, magic value for net worth where once i have that much money, i am going to magically fix my mental health, reverse my age back to 20 to get my youth back, and get to live in the prime of my life as an incredibly cute girl, then what the fuck is money going to buy for me?
rent isn't $300 anywhere, you dumb whore.
i'm currently sacrificing my sleep for an engineering degree at a notoriously difficult school and it's hard to stay motivated knowing that the best I can do with it is being a wageslave. The part about sacrificing your health just to make pennies compared to the ultrarich is depressing as hell. I need to find a way to make a shit ton of money at once so I can get off this societal treadmill.
Yeah but, you're not a peasant, because you're *apparently* an escort who meets people who 'have met' the president. gtfo, or explain to me why youre spending your life lying because you're bored. Is it because of the correction you know you need? Or is it lack of attention, because there's a certain type of attention you need and acting like you're a rich whore on a board full of sad men won't get you attention other than... "TITS OR GTFO" 
TLDR: you're an faggot
I don't understand the point of these types of posts
So? What are they supposed to do, just lay down and rot because they will never be billionaires or born into wealth? I won't be a 6'7 BBC pro athlete either, who cares I deal with what I have. Women are truly retards.
That's not the norm. If your not clinically retarded you will have various passive income investments (properties) that will make sure you are never broke.
I recognized this as a child and it filled me with despair. Made it completely pointless to even contemplate a career because even if I got a "good one" at best I'd just be able to buy fancier toys, but I'd still be stuck waging. Plus those kinds of careers are often done solely for the money and are not enjoyable lifestyles. People throw their lives away for a pittance. I'm glad I've had the opportunity to NEET it up, because there's no way in hell I'd be able to not blow my brains out if I was working some shitty job, even if it was "prestigious". I'm either going to get rich off crypto or die penniless. I refuse to do anything in between.
How much did you charge them for riding your ass?
It makes perfect sense.
To them, whaling on mobile games is chump change. In return, they enjoy pay to win, access to communities gated for the rich, and developers who cater towards them.
It's something to entertain yourself along with hookers, polo, and golf.
Imagine larping as a dollar store Aella. How fucking lonely can a dude get
You're just fuck meat and nothing more.
this just confirms my person observation that all women are whores. i will continue my tirade on ruining your livelihood through the use of makeup removal apps, putting your onlyfans behind ddos-resistant hosting websites and chadfishing broken roasties on dating apps.
Yeah ok whatever. You make money being a peasant and we are lower than that to most of you. Whoopty fucking doo. You know you wouldve sounded profound as all shit if you had said this years ago, but in the point in time where doing this is respected so long as you make enough to be independent is really all that matters and is seen with high regard. Tell us something we actually dont know about for once or fuck off. Tell a fucking funny green text story if you are at least going to be here being enlightened with your dick sucking money.
Ok, what's the point of this post though? It's well known that snobby, yuppie types have fake class since they are in the end the ultimate wageslaves. Is this really what something that a woman would consider insightful? Are they really that blinded by relative status and how someone acts that it would take an inexperience this personal to change their perspective, and that on top of that they would assume other people haven't naturally realized this themselves?
based post
op is a literal money worshipping whore who will eventually get with some pathetic cuckold simp faggot. she is a used up unlovable roastie, only good for her holes, when she is pertty. she is disgusting, inside and out
this is what her future cuckold husband will see. fucking nasty
Shut your cunt mouth, you whore. You literally get cash loads of money just to have sex.
You are a shallow person with no value and no personality.
This. Other people have to actually fucking work. Imagine being given money for sex with someone AND you get to be picky with who they are. This bitch would be some miserable incel wageslave like the rest of us if she was born a man.
Feels good knowing my wealth makes fembots seethe
Hell, it's even worse than that. Some of those roasties don't even have to resort to prostitution and possibly have sex with people they're not attracted to anymore. They can just open an OnlyFans or stream on Twitch and simply sit in front of a camera while some pathetic simp donates money to them for existing in exchange of getting zero sex. Shit is mental.
I too browse sexworkersonly. The more I read it the more I realise just how utterly fucked prostitutes are. just vile, worthless, money hungry pieces of fuckmeat trash. There's a reason nobody gives a shit when a prostitute is murdered. invariably they are vile, drug addicted, theiving, shallow, worthless trash.
Bro really thinks she is above normal people when she is a literal whore. In a normal society you would be regarded like those guys in India who sweep shit off the streets for a living. I wouldn't want to even be in the same room as someone like you.
