Can a bald, 5'10, mediocre looking, 33 year old Costco worker get a qt 18 year old alt gf?
Why do you ask this question when it already has an answer?
I'd say focus on yourself, but the job market certainly won't let you.
You are 33, my guy. Why in the world would you want to be with an 18 year old. You would not even have anything to talk about. I think it is way more attainable for you to date someone more age appropriate. Such a relationship will be more fulfilling emotionally as well, trust me in that.
Not that anon, but I'm 36 and am exactly the same mentally as how I was at 18.
OP shouldn't fuck 18 year olds though because he's bald. And younger male anons should hop on finasteride now if they want to fuck younger girls as they age.
If you are the exact same as you were 18 years ago, you should probably do some self reflecting and get professional help. Young girls have nothing to gain from guys like you so try to make yourself useful and get a girlfriend your own age, maybe build a family like our Lord and Saviour intended for us.
I hate everything
Don't you think it's unfair that God expects men to marry and multiply yet he created women to only be attracted to 10% of men?
Yes
Think back to who the alt girls were fucking when you were in highschool
That's right some creepy 27 year old, and the stats are even worse now, most highschool girls are having relationships while most highschool boys are not
unless you style it like a beta it doesn't matter, thinking about it now the old guys with highschool gfs generally had longer thinning hair
Just don't get a buzzcut
There are some more extreme measures you could take.
The guys who go on female hormones purely to treat hair loss are pretty trippy.
Gotta admire their dedication.
related: how can a 22yo machinist working nights get any kind of social contact whatsoever, better yet with females
Yes, of course.
They crave attention and gifts. If you can provide those you do anything to them. Beat them, cheat on them, whatever. As long as you give them their fix of attention they'll keep coming back.
I will be ur gf
Quit your job and work retail. Sure you'll get paid peanuts with shit part time hours compared to your old job but there will be cute cashiers you will see everyday. There might even be cute girls in the stock crew. Pick a store that sells primarily shit for women (like a clothing or craft store) to maximize your female contact potential.
you start this exact same thread every two days. fuck you. the answer is no ffs.
this looks like cc bait desu btw
what the fuck? i'm making almost double minimum wage with benefits, nothing short of a guarantee for pussy would make me leave. in any case, i've worked plenty of retail jobs, the only women i've met were 30+ or &lt;18 for some reason. with the exception of that one weird alt whore at the deli who ate mushrooms and smoked bowls before work. that was a weird experience for someone who only worked one other job and was a really shut in kind of guy. can't tell you how many nights she spent talking about all sorts of shit she shouldn't have. was really offputting actually. maybe that explains some shit now
My Costco nigga. Food court, reporting in.
Yes easily. Get yourself some kind of image, learn about the music/scene &amp; go to events. If you can play an instrument...get in a band it will be the easiest thing you ever did.
can you not fucking give a retard instructions to be a poser? thank you.
Where are you from femanon... are you in america
Was good till the Jesus bullshit.
Incel shit
so this is the mental power of a scene kid
poser
why do you guys always say this when confronted with truths you don't like? it's a sign of immaturity to not be able to change one's worldview upon evidence contrary to the one you've thus far constructed.
if you're worse than me, no.
Ayy I'm also a machinist (and welder) going through my apprenticeship and would be down to be frens
