ok them scars like cool as fuck
Are you saying he looks better on the left than on the right just because he has scars now lmao?
He does feel better tho. He also looks better.
He looks fine with a shirt on like people do during most of their days while out in public anyway.
And in a dark bedroom with his gf it probably won't matter either.
OP you would get crushed beneath a barbell loaded with 225lb and you should feel embarrassed for this fact.
What happened to his nipples.
the quality of life is so much better skinny. i lost a good 60~ pounds, and i can attest to it being much better. everything is easier, i sleep better, no sleep apnea, able to move around more, much more energy to do what i want, more enjoyment, i enjoy videogames more, i dont feel as disgusting, etc
life is so much better when you are skinny. ALL fat or obese persons ought to strive towards being skinny. even of your boogie2988. you should feel ashamed and disgusted with your body, always
i did a 36 day water fast while literally chaining my neck to my bedframe for the first 2 weeks, because my self-control was that bad. accepting fat is death
I lost about 50 and I still had the problem that I often didn't really enjoy things or want to do anything
How did you shit and piss?
it could be your diet. meat eater have higher rates of anhedonia. you should try going vegan
also exercise and spend some time in nature if you can. i take a lot of nightwalks
anhedonia is a cancer on life and ought to be fought back against
the first two weeks i pissed in a bottle, and i had a plastic bag with toilet paper to shit in
i used a timed lock, which opened automatically after a set amount of time. i never had to use the plastic bag, but it was available. same as water when i was thirsty
i was into fasting for a very long time (over a decade), but could never go longer than like 4 days~
fun fact: i pulled my back and couldnt move for several days. i remember laying in bed, unable to get food or water, it hurt so much. and i wanted to replicate that. i kept thinking of scenerios of how to replicate that, because i'd gladly do that for 40 days. i eventually had an idea of becoming someone's BDSM slave so they can starve me for 40 days. thats how desperate i was to do fasting
then i thought of a timed lock, which is what the BDSM person would do, but its a machine. i found it, and the rest is history
fasting is very dangerous if not done right. you should see a doctor, get advice from a doctor, and get bloodwork done beforehand. but theres a lot of merits to it
is there a point to fasting for whole days? isn't just fasting for a day or less enough?
stop coping fatty, posting this shit all the time.
you lose more weight that way. i hated being fat really badly. like, really badly
also, apparently various spiritual traditions that i skeptically respect all advocate long fasts, and im not particularly against it
they are like s{}yjack about that shit
ok, fine
will live longer too
Poor guy, he is fucked for life
F
this a cope but it's also true, if you lose large amounts of weight too fast and not put on muscle at the same rate you get skin sheets likw this, this guy did it in a retarded way
s-stop improving yourself
YOURE SUPPOSED TO STAY FAT SO I CAN FEEL BETTER BOUT MYSELF
i said STOP IT
YOURE SUPPOSED TO STAY FAT SO I CAN FEEL BETTER BOUT MYSELF
STOP BECOMING HEALTHIER
YOURE SUPPOSED TO STAY FAT SO I CAN FEEL BETTER BOUT MYSELF
STOP BECOMING MORE CONFIDENT
YOURE SUPPOSED TO STAY FAT SO I CAN FEEL BETTER BOUT MYSELF
cope lol
When are you meant to start feeling more confident
They cut it off then reattach it.
T. Exfattie who had the same surgery
he could get skin surgery and cover the scars with tattoos. not that big of a deal
Once you stretch your skin beyond a point there is no other option than the knife.
it's broscience retards keep parroting anyway, once the skin is stretched that's it, there's no saving it by losing a quarter of a pound a month or whatever these drooling morons suggest
I went from 240 pounds to 135 over 7 months just by restricting my myself to around 1000 calories a day. The hardest part is definetly the first month when you are used to eating so much. I feel a lot more comfortable in my body but the hungry feeling never really goes away. I always feel slightly hungry.
the scars go away, for the most part
it's obvious he had skin removal surgery just before the last pic
Those scars won't last forever
The ones inside will tho
he looks a lot better than when he was a fat blob of lard. Also some foids may actually like the battle scars.
he looks a lot better after the weight loss and is most likely much happier. good on him for sticking it through and getting /fit/
