43 year old KHHV
a 22 year old ukrainian single mom moves in next to me
she comes to my house to greet me and tells me we will be neightbours from now on and hopes we get along
I fall in love because no woman has ever approached me before to say anything to me
buy some cake and visit her the next day
we talk about our lives,videogames(shes a gamer),food etc.
the next day she visits me at my home with some food and we talk some more we exchange numbers and talk on the phone a lot and text each other
this goes on for a few days and then we are officially dating and have sex
I am no longer a 43 year old KHHV because Putin blew up this hotties husband she has been dating since she was in middleschool
Life is good.
Im going on a date with her later and we will probably have sex again tonight.
Impregnate her muh fren.
You say how much good Russia has brought to the world? Ukrainians did nothing for the world before this war and now many men are losing their virginities (whether by raping or consent) to hohol refugees
YOU ARE LIVING THE DREAM!!
WAR IS GOOD 
WAR IS LOVE
yo will fuck up the date just for this post. your hubris is already at record levels and hubris always comes before a downfall
She will cheat on you with niggers and break your heart.
Ukrainian women are massive racists
cope and seethe Ukrainian women now belong to the world sexually while Ukrainian men are trapped in Putin's hellscape
tfw live in suburb so no refugees around 
Where is my Ukrainian wife bros?
all women are flexible in their sociosexuality. they just adopt the values of whatever environment they're dropped in. they WERE racist because they were in Ukraine, in other countries they will just adopt the local values, as all women do. they have no innate sense of this or that. they are women.
In Ukraine. Once they're living in the West it's only a matter of time before the adopt the prevailing consumer and BBC slut culture.
I guess this is how humans survive, their women are huge sluts to the environment
Based and true, women have no will power or inherent moral character. They are natural followers, and will simply do whatever they feel the mainstream narrative is
If you look at women's racial preferences you'll find that average women you see on the street is more racist than Hitler himself
Niggers make up less than 0.1% of the population here so i doubt that will happen.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Africans_in_Poland
Nah, the black American soldiers newly stationed there are not counted in that. They get around with the Polish women a lot, especially the racist conservative ones who want to sample black cock. No doubt these girls will introduce their new Ukrainian gfs to black American COCK.
BRO, WE NEED YOU ON THE FRONTLINES TO DEFEND YOUR MOTHERLAND AND RICH OLIGARCH'S BILLIONs
JUST DO IT BRO, WHAT ARE YOU, A COWARD!?
We must defeat evil in it's tracks now, no matter the cost, and as long as it takes.
Women see men as an accessory, they know they can get a new one at the drip of a hat. They never really love men only need them to advance
Cope. Im a polish woman and I have a giant nazi fetish. Black men are ugly, and I grew up in the US so I was constantly around them. All I want is an abusive Aryan husband.
Are you blonde and blue eyed?
Tall and cute
Fire yet calm
grew up in the US
you are not Polish then retard. Poles are Slavs, not Aryans. if you don't want a slavic husband you hate Poles. Are all pseudoPolish American women this retarded?
truthbomb right here
So many babies are born to black American soldiers and Polish women its staggering. Of course no American would lower himself to marry a Polish woman so he leaves the whore and her spawn and goes home to America.
I am ethnically polish retard. My parents moved to the US from Poland. Did you skip the part where I mentioned I fetishize nazis? Why would I want a polish husband.
No I am short with brown hair. I just want an Aryan man to remind me of how inferior I am to him.
muh ethnicity
you are a generic white American. Your parents fled their Polish shithole and raised you in America, which makes you ethnically white American, moron. An ethnic Pole is someone who was born and raised in Poland surrounded by Polish culture.
You are very clearly a mentally ill retard.
There are a lot of poles in America and the culture is respected by them, tho not living surrounded by the gray or painted blocks of concrete from 50 years ago and not being sure your government steals from you openly is an important Polish trait so i'd say half Polish
they aren't poles in america, they are just white americans.
Is America a nationality eraser or what, there's a huge Polish community in Chicago, they even celebrate Polish holidays there
short with brown hair.
You are clearly part of the sub human scum and are truly inferior to the based tall blonde, blue eyed chads aka the Aryan males, never speak to out superior gene pool again 
/sarcasm
American IS a nationality. Polish ancestry is not Polish ethnicity is not Polish nationality. I celebrate Christmas but I'm not a Roman.
Hahahah let me guess you are one of the privileged pole whos family was minimally impacted? News flash that wasnt the case for most of us and my family STILL has not fully recovered. My mom wanted to leave Poland to put the trauma behind her. And before you try to make a point of saying 
b but if your family was so effected how come you have a nazi fetish? 
Its because I associated nazism with being taboo and exciting as a child retard. I am still polish and will utter my final kurwa in my dying breath.
I thank God every day I am not a dirty Polish retard. The most valuable Pole is worth less than the least valuable American. I don't care about your mental illness. You simply are not Polish, you are larping because your parents were. You are just a white American.
Based Putin solving the incel problem.
I want a Ukrainian girl but am too scared of them, is it true they are all alcoholics ?
