ill start
i bared my soul and you people dont care :(
This is a larp thread, no biological female has ever played TF2.
the other night in a public match i went in voice to ask "hey can one of you take out that sentry under the stairs" and then almost everyone on my team replied to me in voice one by one saying "yes mommy" and "we'll try mommy" it was very funny and gave me a massive head. also yes women play tf2 just not normal ones
girls who play TF2 or CSGO I respect infinitely more than those who play ow/valorant, so congrats anon
I feel like OP is that one femanon who made the life-sized doll of the TF2 medic with really big yaoi hands. I can't find the picture on lolcow right now but it was extremely impressive autism
it's filled to the brim with trannies but tf2 is the one game you'd peg as having a higher biofem userbase on average
i have no idea who that is but please someone send it to me that sounds so funny. but actually wait i made a tier list of merc fuckability a while back ill go find it in a sec
yeah girls who play overwatch or valorant are 100% doing it for attention. people dont give af abt tf2. though to be fair i started playing fps for attention but then i got unironically into it and now i never mention it to people irl because the level im into tf2 is embarrassing and strange
You don't need a pelvic exam OP, you are a retard for getting one
It's kek because she had specifically mentioned not giving it a "sausage" if I recall correctly (I don't habeeb it, personally)
here, found it. like i said this is from a while back, my picks have shifted around a little now. engie is probably my top pick rn actually, partially because i headcanon medic as gay these days (believe it or not the pelvic exam was entirely nonsexual and without undertones, as are most of our convos these days)
my dr wants me to see a gyno before they approve me for prozac i wouldnt have done it on my own either i havent had an actual physical in like 4 years
nothing embarrassing about having an interest like that. you should be content with it honestly. normal people are boring
Probably all my failed attempts at relationships. I'm a shut in without a car so the only way I can meet girls is online, and I'm too weird to relate to normies, so I meet the girls from 4chan. It feels like walking on eggshells flirting with them since women, especially on 4chan which has an absurd gender ratio, can so easily get a different guy if you make even a minor 'mistake'. Usually I try really hard to make all the right steps, then inevitably fail when I become mentally exhausted and 'slip' by doing something unattractive. Even when I try to strike a middle ground between trying somewhat to be attractive, but not so hard that it's unsustainable, I fail since you have to be very attractive in the initial meeting to retain their attention amongst dozens of other guys messaging them. I should really touch grass itt, but easier said than done
is this the general consensus among femanons? someone confirm or deny her takes, im genuinely curious this is not what i would have expected at all
came a thick wad of cum in a chick's lunch sandwich and watched her eat it was diamonds throughout but felt guilty later
Filmed and edited and uploaded another amateur vid of my oneitis and his gf
Impossible.
This guy gets it.
this is true. my close friends know about this but they specifically dont bring it up because they know i will sperg out talking about it (as i have in this thread)
can you please share what you made with the class?
https://voca.ro/1juRHtWBuFKA
