You better believe it's that time of the week again!
From crossdressing to anal 
From cum eating to chastity 
Discuss all things sissy here!
Is it already that time of the week again?
First trip in a while for me. I ordered a few things to my hotel room for next weekend, the boxes will be waiting for me on my arrival. Ordered my first romper to wear by myself in my hotel room! I'm really excited!
In chastity rn waiting a bit before abusing my prostate with a dildo, hopefully today i finally manage a hands free orgasm
I wish I had a femanon that would lock me in chastity and keep me pussy free
are we going to blatantly ignore the rule pinned to the top of this entire fucking board again this week
First trip in a while for me. I ordered a few things to my hotel room for next weekend, the boxes will be waiting for me on my arrival
What does this mean anon? You're ordering sex toys to a hotel room.
Hot. Good luck sissy!
Based
and what role would that be?
even the smallest sex toy I could buy is still difficult to put in
starting to think this isn't for me
How small is the smallest?
You should be able to at least put in there something as big as what typically comes out
You bette4 belive it
sissy bump on a slow but still sultry sissy Saturday
v sex c poop butthole
Clean your poop butthole pls
sissies of 4chon, would you let an autistic manchild fuck you if he was tall and handsome?
im good at fucking bitches just not any other social thing
Maybe
Is your cock big?
my cock is 5 inches, people have told me they want to fuck me before but they've never met me irl to see how fucking spergy i am, im literally borderline mentally challenged offline
If you smell nice, have a decent cock, not a fatlard, and can DOM subs then you're ok
Subs don't abou appearances while getting dominated
I probably still would if he was a fatlard desu
why dont you care?
are sissies really this desperate for good doms?
this is so weird to me because I am good at domming sissies online and it seems like there is a lack of real doms out there, considering their lack of standards compared to women
what exactly is the appeal of a big fat guy who bosses you around? it confuses me despite doing it
get horny and want to dress up and fuck men
cum and then don't care anymore
End up ghosting whoever I was talking to
many such cases
are sissies really this desperate for good doms
yes, last guy made me cum into his hands while fucking me and make me lick his hand clean while on post nut clarity. really really hot imo and i'm looking for another dom
Very sad 
I assume this is mostly porn addiction and not true sissyism
It doesn't matter that you're fat sometimes I just want to get dicked down and you don't sound like a scumbag so I don't care that you're fat
Let's talk diets.
What do you eat to remain slim and keep a clean colon?
i'm 19 and eat like shit how soon before the wall destroys my body
I tried vegetarian for a while but it wasn't for me, I just try to avoid fast food as often as possible 
Stop that now
Fast food is such a meme word that means nothing. Many fast cooking methods such as stir-frying or steaming are very healthy and many that take a long time are very unhealthy.
I'm obviously talking about shit like Mcdonalds you goof, not the actual method of which food is cooked
Then you could just say "unhealthy food", which I why I find "fast food" a meme word.
You're the only person on earth who would interpret it that way so I'll keep saying fast food when I'm taking about fast food
please anons. we are here to be slutty and girly. not debate semantics. now, what's your favorite sex toy?
this is so epic win!
this is extreme autism
welcome to r9k, we hope you enjoy your stay!
Sage goes in every field. This is degenerate
what's your favorite sex toy?
Butt plug no doubt
not true sissyism
that's all it is
True sissies are gay
Yes I'm ready to start this discourse
True gays are masc4masc and everyone knows it.
i bought a double ended dildo because i thought it would be cool to have but now it just makes me sad because i have no sissy to share it with :(
Nah true gays want dick and not just when they're watching porn
somwhow made it to 0 without ever acting on cocklust
Is this good or bad?
0
meant to say 30 yo
Eww dont mention women here
Bad, go suck a cock!
Also sauce?
So many guys I try to fuck act like sex is a chore because they get it so easily. Literally all you have to do is be excited about sex and sissies will be all over you.
Kirsi Engine
go months without sissy urges
click this thread
quickly start developing strong urges to start fasting, shave and order a cute pink chastity cage
fuck why am I like this?
Sissy thank you
fuck why am I like this?
Because you're a slut
I have a sissy caption collection
Post your favorite one.
Yeah it comes and goes, I tend to lean more towards straight porn when I'm focused and disciplined and back to sissy shit when I get lazy.
actual gays don't start as straight guys that get fucked up by porn and get AGP fetishes
Ok that's literally the point I'm making
