Good Evening Anon, come take a seat. What can I get ya? Let's chat.
can i get a glass of warm milk, and it better not be your cum like it was last time, i can tell the difference
Whatever beer you recommend.
My life feels really aimless... what should I do, man?
...I'm sorry, that's a really tough question to answer, isn't it? And I think I already have my answers to that question, anyway...
I dunno... everything just feels pointless. I don't want to do anything with my life right now.
Maybe I just feel lazy because of this heat.
We serve alcohol here, anon. Kill yourself.
Beer rec? Yuengling ain't bad. Want to know a secret? Everyone feels that way. Life is pointless until you make it worth something.
That's what I tell other people too but it seems I keep forgetting to apply it to myself.
How do you do my fellow niggers, spics, kikes, and trannies?
I'll take a mescal with ginger ale and lime thanks 'keep.
It's been a long week, I want to go back, I want to be a neet again. But it's too late for me, I'll just drown the feeling of being used in hot liquor and cigarette smoke... Have you got a smoking area by the way?
One glass of ice, cold water please.
Here's a plastic bottle of warm piss, drink up pussy.
Bartender-Errant, a can of sprite and a dozen Yakults please! And thank you! Now, what might the humble me chat you for.. Hrrmm.. I've been thinking lately on how to make connections to my stories I've been making. I've a few dozen stories or so that I have been pondering abstracts for and thus I wish for them to be connected in some way - or so I think. How fare you, bartender -errant?
*gulp* *gulp* *gulp*
Delicious! Can I have another?
Scotch on the rocks. You got any cigars? It's been a long week
Crown and a splash of coke man..
Me thinks ur stories a shit, sorry. Get drunk to alleviate the weight of sad truth.
Goodness! The aggressiveness of the customer sitting next to me.. Bartender-errant could I get a glass of C2 on my prior order too? My good thanks!
I ate fly agaric five hours ago... I think it's better if you just let that dose hit you first. But I'll bottle the nexybatch in case you're game for a re-up later.
For me, it's Laphroaig, neat. Thanks, bartender. What's been going on for you lately?
This ain't no classy joint with "patrons" and poetry.
Ur in the muck here with greasy mutts and dirt bags, look around.
And I'm all for it! what else am I searching for now? I don't take myself of being higher anything mind you, just the frivolous sort! Now let's down some glasses of water before and after to hydrate ourselves before we get smashed.
I'll take a dark and stormy and a little Jager on the rocks
Sprite. 
I feel lost. I've been hurt a lot, hurt others. How do you bounce back from trying to kill people? How do you bounce back from the rest of what I've seen and done? 
Where do I go from here? How do I get better? I don't know. I'm asking but I don't know, and I don't think any normal person will. 
I know it's not just me, the whole world is getting like this. Infact, it's worse than me and that's saying a lot. 
I just wanna rest at this point.
there's no going back I'm afraid, it's all forward to the new. You can slow the pace or speed it up but there's no reverse gear.
Barkeep! Ice water and whiskey.
