What would you do if Alura Jenson was your mom?
I'd never have to go without fap material again.
imagine being able to make a real "son watches mom have sex" video
"perfectly natural"
Oh the coping
Cum myself into a coma.
Sex is natural incel. She is not coping
I would also be proud if my mom was a top tier porn actress (no clue who this is I only cum to Black girls)
Is your mom black?
Dont know who she it, but if she makes bbc porn I would cum buckets every night, hopefully she would catch me sometimes and help me out a little bit
But anyway, its not such a big deal, once you leave highschool 99% people will not care about sou or your familly
She has even made "watching my mom go black" vids.
Try to fuck her. You'd have to be a fag not to. If your mom gets paid to fuck then how can you not want to use her yourself.
they're so proud of me
one of them literally left and went as far away from my as possible a week after he graduated from high school
This bitch is fucking deluded
I hate women
Women have done very little other than make my life more complicated and more full of pain
This bitch is fucking deluded
She knows her sons, I bet she even knows how much they jerk off to het
I wouldn't post on /r9k/
Doing BBC porn is one thing but she literally talks about "worshiping black men" in her BBC porn. I hope her sons are mixed
Thats so cool, imagine having a liberated mom like her.
I know its fetish talk, but imagine having mom that wants to turn you female as her daughter just so that she can share her amazing female experience with bbc with you, simply out of mithers kindness.
Enjoy 
https://soundgasm.net/u/confessions/Racist-BBC-improv-racist-mother-walks-in-on-her-son-jerking-off-to-BBC-porn
I wouldnt have a problem because thats her past and she is a right wing Christian woman in 2023
Reminder, Mercedes Carrera was fucking her kids. The reason the parents got arrested was because of filming and distribution of the sex.
Based Alura. We need to put an end to tolerance!!!
Kids already used to comment on how my moms looks and that was a bit uncomfortable. One teacher even said i had a hot mom. Wasn't cool. Can't even imagine how these kids with pornstar/onlyfans moms feel. Poor fucks.
Mercedes Carrera
I've now read up on her. She's the perfect woman and the perfect mom.
all of their friends knew
Imagine being cucked by your porn (literal) mommy.
This. I can't tell if the people in this thread are serious or not. I can't imagine going to school having a mom that is into porn, even worse black porn in the current days. There's no way the kids didn't clown on them all the time.
no way the kids didn't clown on them all the time.
"hey loser, i jerked off to your slutty mom yesterday"
How do you even come back from that? They'll be tying the rope at some point.
You think it's as tamed as that? It's high school, his mom is literally fucking black guys on video. I can't even imagine what kind of shit he got thrown for that.
How do you even come back from that?
You beat the shit out of him, it's that simple.
Imagine being cucked by your porn (literal) mommy.
Maybe later, don't feel like jerking off at the moment.
he doesnt defend their mothers honour
ngmi
"hey loser, i jerked off to your slutty mom yesterday
Heh, I also jerked off to my mom yesterday!
Boom owned
whores herself for a living
"""honour"""
I wish I had a pedophile gf who recruits girls for us to fuck
This bitch has a porn where she fucks her sons bully lmao. If I were her son I would rape her or kill ms.
