Fuck nigger lovers
Fuck Jews
Take the hate out of yourself. Only you can do it.
baiting WMSfag like you would Barneyfag
Genius.
No kill yourself. Fuck you. Bastard piece of shit. I hate niggers and I hate Jews and I hate liberals and they all deserve it. Fuck them.
still coping with the fact that white males make up 70% of all daily suicides despite being 32% of the population and society doesn't care 
still coping with the white death rates surpassing already declining white birth rates 
still coping with the fact that your grandparents died (or will died) for nothing 
KEK
lmaooooo
BASED
TOTAL
NIGGER
DEATH
Post your address or keep your pussy mouth shut.
Post hand and eyes seething shitskin ricecel
73135619
73135669
White males are 70% more likely to know a friend or family member that has killed themselves. 90% of the time that victim is also a white male
TOP KEK
73136128
This hurts ricecels and it is wonderful.
he's still coping with the fact that his grandparents died for nothing 
Awwww boo hoo
nonwhite cope because they still can't compete in current year
Kek
Just fuck off and die, WMSfag. You're actual cancer.
The fact that whites are driving themselves extinct by racemixing with asians makes kids that look asian is really btfo'ing the ricecels.
They are litterally crying and shitting themselves when they think about the fact whites wont exist in another 100 years.
They cant handle it they just cant they imagine a world where every single person in every country is the same race the asian race and the asians weep!
wall of cope
Cope my tiny bug boy
whites wont exist in another 100 years
No, we will still exist. We will bounce back after getting vengeance on those who literally tried to exterminate us. You will now seethe.
The asians weep every night when they think about the whites going extinct and europe becoming part of China and America becoming part of Africa.
THEY CANT TAKE IT!!!!
Go make asian kids with a asian girl white boy go kill the white race to own the asians :)
Xi Ping shits himself from anger everytime a white man racemixes with a chinesse girl and makes asian kids.
next wall of cope
Kek chinkcel seething
White people are dying at a faster rate than being born and have the average age of 50 i doubt they're bouncing back from this especially with how many white women and white men are racemixing and with the rapidly rising rate of young white men killing themselves.
But im sure the revolution is coming soon and the white race will come back from this because... it just will. :)
Everything will work out if you just believe in it.
There will be justice for this crime committed against us.
Yes i cant stop seething whenever i imagine a world where every person in every city,every country,every continent is the same race the asian race.
I just cant take it!!!!!
AHHHH PLEASE DONT MAKE YOUR RACE EXTINCT PLEASE WHITE MAN PLEASE!!!!! 
DONT PUT YOUR DICK IN LINGLING I DONT WANT ANY MORE ASIAN KIDS BEING BORN STOPPP!!!!!
Wheat culling the chaff. I hope the weak continue to off themselves or mutt their children who will have a collectively lower IQ, get vaxxed (or whatever mark is coming) and take a knee to the ZOG. What's left can organize into tribes and return to a natural way of life. Whites have always been a tiny, nomadic minority. Nature is just swinging the colonial pendulum back. All things must balance. I long for crash of the USD.
DILATE TRANNIES 
YOU WILL NEVER BE WOMEN
DEATH TO AMERICA
And who will enact this "Justice"?
Someone just will because... it just has to happen because it wouldnt be fair if it didnt!... karma or something?
Hahahaha.
Actually the whites were always 3% of the population heh we will go make a village in the woods or something and then we will come back with the power of nature magic on our side
Lmao.
Go fuck yourself nigger faggot jew
It's an atrocity, man. Probably the most heinous one of the 21st Century.
Its not a atrocity.
Its a beautiful mirace to watch the white race racemix/kill themelves into extinction.
Their grandparents stormed the beaches of normandy to protect their grandchildrens rights to racemix and transition and its beautiful.
Your grandpa DIED for this and you spit on his gift and call it a atrocity?
What is wrong with you.
my grandpa died so i could goon to BNWO porn
post hands faggot
third wall of cope already
Lmaaaooo seethe more chinkcel
Shut up MOM you're not the boss of me
Cook me a hotpocket while I watch Ninja Scroll
ALSO YOU BETTER GET ME CHOCOLATE MILK IN MY HALO SLUSHIE CUP OR IT'LL BE PEEPEE POOPOO
My grandpa wasnt white and i dont watch bnwo stuff if anything i believe more in Asian New World Order.
my decidedly WHITE grandpa died so my selfish little faggot ass could become obsessed with kpop
I still don't see any hand pictures
don't forget the timestamp
 be OP
 try to justify incel race hate
 op ends up mad cause race hate isn't pissing off nannies
Kek
be me 
tall black anon 
lonely incel 
It feels hard when people say im suppose to slay but im a virgin midwit probably with autism
