I'm polite and act nice because I was raised to be like this, I smile and laugh for the sake of making the other party comfortable, most people realize that this is just niceties for the sake of niceties, because after our minor interactions I always fuck off and vanish. I don't interact with co-workers and colleagues outside of work/uni, but every now and then, there is this dense motherfucker that fails to read the signs and thinks I want to be friends. 
I don't want to be friends, I don't want to talk with anyone, I don't want to hang out, I don't drink, dance, smoke or do drugs.
I want to be stuck in my own void, watching streams and playing games. 
How can I convey this without sounding too rude to the other party? Yes, I can refuse invitations , but the issue is that invitations aren't stopping this time, and I don't want to sound too mean.
why are you so fake and performative?
are you really sure youre okay in your own void?
Some people have to be in order to function in society. Just be grateful you don't have that problem.
just tell others you don't want friends, literally that ez
Yes, I've been like this for a long time, I'm very much content with things as it is.
Because the other option is me telling people that I don't want them around me, and they should fuck off. Obviously that doesn't sound very good, so I won't say it. 
This.
Then I'll be marked as an openly antissocial autist.
and that would be a problem because...? you will be achieving what you want that way. if you don't want others trying to befriend you then it's good to be marked as the thing you actually are
indulge in invitations every now and then. like you said, if youre rude and outright refuse them/ say you dont want to be friends it puts a massive target on your back. if you do it every now and then it actually keeps them off your back more. Ive hung out with coworkers recently at the pub- theyre nice people, im just not interested in anyone at the minute. get through it, alcohol helps immensely.
