Just had a threesome with my gf and her best friend, gf is mad at me cuz I ate her friends ass and cummed while she sucked my dick haha
Normalfag get out reee
Fuck you
Lucky motherfucker. My fiance has never been open to the idea of a threesome. Her friends are ugly so I guess it's not too much of a loss. 
I'd fuck her sister though, so maybe one day I can be in a even more fucked up version of your scenario.
What is the point of this fucking board at this point.
Bruh I cant believe I actually cuck-queened somebody this year I am speed running my to do list haha this is probably my luckiest year lol XD
people out there really have sex apparently. it seems unbelievable to me too. chad is living in a totally different world. some of us don't even get to talk to girls, which means we get 0 sexual pleasure and 100 sexual frustration. and thats it, its not going to change. lost the genetic lottery, too bad. no sex, no love.
you can't get woman because you're a fag, not because of your genetics
We went out to get coffee and brunch afterwards and we were both high asf making out with each other almost ended up fucking in the middle of the cafe no shame no respect whatsoever we arm wrestled like a cute couple on the while waiting for our food and shared forks with each other amazing time was had by all haha
I read this and became immediately pissed off because I thought how the girlfriend was feeling
I really hope that I one day get to really seriously intimidate somebody like you in front of their woman and make sure whenever she see's she thinks about the fact that when push comes to shove you're a pussy
Most dudes who are extremely successful with women are fucking pussies anyway in my experience.
please do it please do it his post is so fucking pretentious
Hey its okay I bought her some cute lingerie and told her I love her, they cum swapped me at the end and I spat in both their mouths haha they even bathed me and gave me a double massage afterwards fuck I love being chad bro I am a god xo
You wont do shit bitch boy white night beta cuck feminize yourself and lock yourself in chastity and worship me haha you can eat my cum outta my gfs best friends pussy because I nobody cares about her lmao
While you were gone, a lot of people thought you had finally killed yourself because of your mental illness. I never thought I would say this, but I'm glad you're out of the hospital or whatever. As much as I hated you shitting up every thread on the board, I realized that in the grand scheme of things, that's a lot better than another dead robot. Welcome back.
Only a true sigma wolf amongst the pack will survive: a man amongst men
