Only social interactions i get are from posting here. I have very bad anxiety around people irl which makes every interraction i had very unpleasant. I often spend my nights thinking about silly mistakes i made and what i should've said. I know no one cares but it makes me feel really stupid and awkward, which is true as i am both those things. I just don't like when others see it. This is why i avoid social interractions as much as i can.
But i still feel lonely, i still feel the need to talk with someone. To listen to someone talk about their day and to tell them mundane things i did! And of course to have a loving partner, which is impossible for me.
Anyway, i just wanted to say i appreciate everyone who interracted with me on this board and it means a lot. It's nice talking to those who understand how you feel or are just willing to listen or share their problems with you. It probably doesn't solve anything but it makes me feel better even if it's just for a moment &lt;3
haha that's really cool man you want to suck my cock and feel my cum doing down your throat?
That was actually the hardest I've laughed all day holy shit
robot cum
I feel these exact feelings. Tried making friends with normies just for them to realize how stupid and sensitive I actually am, and then end up sort of at the bottom of the totem poll in their friend group assuming they don't just stop inviting me places.
Also I wanna cum in your throat too
Sorry to hear you experience unpleasant flashbacks of the past; I'm glad at least you find solace in this (soc-lite normalnigger) enclave of retards. I also feel the need to talk to someone, someone to do the mundane together with, someone to come home to without having to impress her constantly and, also, violently cum down your throat while holding your hair back.
i c-can't take that much cum :(
At this point i might even be down for something like that T_T
fuck you for getting me hard, asshole 
Quite the double edged sword with my sexually explicit descriptions, unfortunately, as I run into the (high) risk of sending them to another man. Well, my intentions were pure.
No they fucking weren't, you know damn well that no women post here,other than attention whores and they make it VERY clear.
