i know people will shit on me for this, but i'm starting to think settling is a terrible idea. being with a person i can't get myself to like has been terrible for my mental health...
what do i do? what is worse, being alone all your life or having a life with a person you won't ever get to like?
i feel so bad...
If that is the case, perhaps it would be best to enlist the help of someone whom you trust and respect
Learn to like yourself first. That way you'll never be lonely and you'll find people who like you. Why stress over someone you hate and also have to care for financially? I'd rather be alone.
Get a pet cat and look after it first, after you successfully take care of another life you are ready to find someone
stop falling for normie memes like settling
there is more to life
thank you for not being mean, guys, i appreciate it.
you three are right, i need to make better choices.
would you please tell me what are these "other things" in life?
Hobbies, whores, friends, whatever makes you smile y'know
No anon, you are 100% right. I settled recently and I hate it. I dread sex and intimacy, I feel disgusted around them. Cant wait to break it off. Never settle, its not fair on you or them.
Sounds like you have to break up with her op. A lot of people get afraid of being alone, so they stay in a relationship with bad synergy. Don't have delusional expectations, but if you unironically think you can do better, don't feel obligated to stay with her
i fail to see where this has anything to do with my post. i'm talking about relationships here, i have plenty of things that make me somewhat happy.
thank you for your input, anon. i'm talking more about personality, she is so immature... she's really pretty, but the thought of having to live with a person like her is terrifying to me now
i don't know if i can do better, i don't think so actually, because i'm afraid of "doing" in the first place. i guess this is probably the last time i attempt to get in a relationship, i've been disappointed so many times
I have too, I think we need to lower our expectations of women. I think in many ways they just aren't up to snuff in terms of what feminism made us expect. Instead of getting bitter, we should just accept the reality and adjust
that's the point of my OP, i guess
i think i don't want to adjust, because adjusting will make me unhappy. if i just live by myself then i will just be neutral.
if anything, feminism made me realize that girls are mostly crowd followers
Sadly I have a similar sentiment, feminism made me have such high expectations of women that who they actually are just seems so lackluster. It honestly feels like the only utility a gf would have over a male friend would be sex and romance. I wish women offered more than that, but I seriously struggle to see what else is there. Maybe I just haven't met good women, but that feels like cope, also possible that a few women like that exist but they have their pick of the litter so I won't have a decent chance with them
Let me guess, you're woman
thank you for talking to me anon, i'm glad to hear i'm not the only one thinking like this
life is hell, but if people won't make it any better then i prefer to endure it alone.
i'm still sad i guess, my bloodline ends with me, i must be terrible huh?
wrong
now you'll type something like "you're a faggot" just to hide your embarrassment
it's okay, go ahead, i forgive you
whats wrong with being alone?
for the people that like being alone? nothing
for the rest of the people, missing out on the whole experience of giving and receiving love, support, encouragement...
No "people" are going to shit on you for this, because anyone retarded enough to believe the opposite is not a person. They would have to be some sort of retarded nigger.
You are a faggot, lmao. Thread is over, this man will die of ass fault.
why would people shit on you this is common sense lmao
