Hiiiiiii
Guys..... I just got a ducking cuute haircut! My day was so eventful 
Such an emotional rollercoster. But now I have a cute haircut. Im eating chocolate so I feel bad =3
But I look cute so I feel good
What anime do yall like? I watched my clueless first friend like 4 days ago....its sooooooo cute. Definitely gonna watch more sometime. Im watching jojos blizzard adventures rn. I wanna learn Japanese and stuff
https://voca.ro/1x30qq2vPyzL
ok cute friend >___&lt;
https://voca.ro/1o0qhRbLEAd2
Eww 
I dont listen to females
That voice was so disgusting 
I have no female friends and never will
Get out of my safe space >:/
Kek >,&lt;
People with lifes ten times better than me always immediately hate me and try to make mine worse. Thats just how the world works. I fucking hate foids. Ill make you all see the destructive power of my soul
LMAOOOO you killing yourself won't destroy shit! 
anyways i love my life :3
please be my girlfriend I love you
I wont kill myself, anon
Id stomp her head in for being such a fucking brat
back off nigger she's mine!!!!!!1
pulls up to your house, kidnaps you, you wake up in a daze in the middle of a dark dungeon, you are eaten by a grue
haha are you jealous because your thread got hijacked
id shoot you with an .88 down your mouth faggot!!!
Im kinda dangerous 
Just last month a girl disrespected my badly so I punched her face in until I saw blood. Got me fired but I feel so powerful now
lmao you couldnt handle your autist rage in huh
So try your fucking luck with me
At the very least, youll make me more inclined to hurt more innocents
holy shit you dropped your cute facade quicker than I drop niggers
actually I did that first to you so you're actually the dead one and I'm busy cuddling with my gf
Speaking of hurting innocents hi
forgot to mention that Im a trans woman btw
she is in a call with me right now and we are laughing at you faggot
i hope you are black and that the klan gets you
Im a very fucking dangerous motherfucker
Unless your prepared to die, dont fuck with me
Im a cute as fuck femboy, but ill kill at a moments noitice
Do you fucking understand?
Aweee >-&lt; but Jamie ez reawlly cute
shut up faggot I'm busy having sex with her
you are an ugly ass faggot and you look like a TITAN NIGGA
i am literally eren jaeger but female and i will beat the living shit out of you and rip your tongue out of your throat LOL!
i am literally eren jaeger but female
please marry me I will love you forever :3
Im the person with me most shit life here buddy. I win oppression olympics 
Im so pathetic I take estrogen to help me get girls....but the strange part is it actually fucking works. It actually fucking works bro
shut up nigga go cry this ain't your thread anymore
I honestly would of looked like eren jeager but I got a cute femboy haircut (:
No I mean more like armin Arlet 0_0
Idc ^_^
you fool. that was a decoy. it is set to explode in 5 seconds. i am having sex with the real her. you have been duped. bamboozled. good j
UGH,..,.. WOULD HAVE*
the real fool is you, the one I am having sex with is the real her
you are having sex with a MAN
Typical normalfaggots, only caring about sex
Yare yare doze
This will be me if I ever transition 
I need to increase my estrogen power level
oh yeah by the way I have bowel problems so im constantly shitting myself and it smells so bad >_&lt;
it was a dream. you wake up and you are back in the torture dungeon. the grue is hungry
I kill the grue and eat its flesh
then I trap you with another grue that cannot be killed (its immortal) and then go have sex with my gf
That would be sexy for the gross diaper faggots
They are kinda crazy but whatever 
Yare yare doze....
Anyway (: Jamie is in his happy phase. I have depreso phase and happy phase. Now Il be happy for a weeek I hope
I hate trannies
you are a tranny you retarded fag
I use my +5 amulet of friendship to befriend the beast and send him off to eat you. You can't kill him because he is immortal. Congratulations on making your bed of nails, peon. Lie in it. Also that was a hologram and the real gf is in bed with me right now and we are having sex+1
I levelled illusion magic so I hypnotise the beast into eating you
meanwhile I am busy being eaten (my dick) by my gf who has never been anywhere near you
HAVE FUN BEING EATEN RETARD
I am not
What was your name again?
I....I just need your name
I have...umm.,,reasons
my name is Walter Hartwell White
My name is skylar white yo
my husband is Walter Jr yo
Breaking bad would of been better as an anime
of course you would think that
kys jamie you fat ass nerd
Hehe
F-fat ass nerd?
T-thank you so much baka....
I have a real fat ass
A fat juicy femboy ass hehe....
:3
Im... such a loser nerd
....
I think I need someone to discipline me or something 
(Preferably a girl)
Please commit an hero immediately
I have to live to make the world a worse place
