WHY ARE THERE NO GOOD GAMES BEING MADE OR RELEASED FOR REAL WHAT THE FUCK
because it's a head trip 
like you observe things enough you realize what it all is it's this dynamic manipulation of mind sucking up of the power, copying things, no real originality, literal minecraft comes along and is pure shit but is so in that realm of "good game" that they want that it's so big now, my point is there's a trick to it, the mind hides things. I guess it in of itself this meme is a power issue and so power corrupts and that was that.
also there are good games as well
there was a golden age of 90s and 2000s
you ahve to have the mind that's what it is
I was also just thinking about this I was like what is it? it's industrial society it was some rich asshole that's why there's no games and people are dark you're like you have this thing itching at you and sure enough other evil people are to blame they just cuck people out of their own sanity 
cucked to death that's what it is
and industrial world you get the eugenics you get eventually the nazis and /pol/fags and so on, literal just hell, we wasted decades wondering where are the good games and it's also that manipulation as well, it's all this game of it's own
Armored Core 6 is being released this year.
games are for babies
Better to play videogames instead of posting sad faggotry on /r9k/.
No good video games. No good movies. No good music. Culture is stagnating.
AAA games cater for normies now. Just look into more obscure shit.
Ever heard of Elden Ring?
What about the game of seeking sunlight living life conquering women making babies raising family?
You just got old
Elden ring is trash for babies
No one stops you from watching old movies, reading old books and even playing old games,
Old people just want to complain. They mostly get pleasure from complaining.
Better STFU
Its p2w trash
Don't play new games /fresh releases 
Play factorio
I've got like 900 indie games in my bookmark folder, no hyperbole that's literally the number, I've been bookmarking for many years. Most of them are probably in early access hell or abandoned by the devs, but at least a few are released and decent. Look up Youtube channels that show off indie games such as Splattercat, Nookrium or Wanderbots.
Retarded troon cope. Im 18 and hes right. I only play games pre-2010.
Well arma 4 got censored by the gov so Im willing to bet theres more gov intervention than you would think, purposefully dulling games. Think of all the media rhetoric lately about trying to get men back into work and demonizing games.
Its hard to find them because they get memory holed
You got old. Sucks to be you
I can understand and pity oldfags, but you... You're just larping cause people our age despise you
Zoomers only want to play multiplayer shit and watch streamers play multiplayer shit.
