be me
27y old virgin working at starbucks
too autistic to use a dating app or some shit, never had a girl talk me to for long
decide i want to lose my virginity in a roundabout way
figure i can cum in a drink so that a girl can swallow it
been eyeing this petite qt for a few months
she comes in like 2-4 times a week
before work on monday i cum in a short water bottle and tape it on the inside of my pants
she walks in later that day
literally no one else is in store
she looks away after she orders her drink so i manage to get the cum into the drink
she leaves the store and drives away
not feeling as accomplished for losing my virginity as i thought i would, nervous as hell
next day
she comes in again
no cum this time
leaves and drives away
fast forward 4 months
she never comes in again after that day
i really dont get what this means and im worried she figured out that there was cum in there idk if i should leave the country i dont want to go to jail
god im so fucking autistic
Reported to fbi for tampering
What's wrong with you. Firstly this is not how you lose virginity. Secondly you are actual imbecile.
that cat has its tongue out thirsting for sum bbc mmmmmm
This is genius thread design to take safe spaces away from women.
Make women think that they cannot even buy coffee without some "creepy incel" cumming in it. 
top kek an bump'd
All things being equal, it means Starbucks isn't drinkable without cum in it
Firstly this is not how you lose virginity.
Jealous virgin detected.
implying i care about a bit of cum
lmao
I-if you're a girl and want somebody to cum in your coffee you just have to ask
i dont explicitly want it but its not gonna ruin my day either
Oh, OK :(
Starbucks will ruin your day though, Costa is better.
Haven't laughed this hard in a while. Never change.
Clearly triggered, or you wouldn't bother responding.
Plus it isn't chad cum.
Also, check the digits next time ya dumb cunt.
I hope you know a post like this is self-incriminating and can easily be tracked if you're not using a VPN.
shitposts like these are either lost or forgotten in the archives
unless some redditfag screenshots it for updoots and it gets popular then OP's fucked
She definitely knew there was cum in that Coffee. It smells and tastes a certain way and it's not soluble in other fluids.
