South Korean workers are the wealthiest among major Asian countries, with a higher income than Japan and the strongest growth rate in the OECD. More importantly, it has a significantly higher Growth Environment Score (Goldman Sachs' way of measuring the long-term sustainability of growth) than all of the BRICs or N-11s.[55] According to the IMF, South Korea's GDP measured by purchasing power parity is already larger than Canada and Spain. In terms of GDP per capita (PPP), South Korea overtook Spain in 2010. According to Citibank, South Korea will continue by overtaking Germany, Britain, Australia and Sweden by 2020, surpassing Canada, Switzerland, Netherlands and Norway by 2030 and taking over the United States by 2040 to become the world's wealthiest major economy. While measuring the South Korean economy by nominal GDP is inaccurate as the South Korean won is artificially kept low to boost exports, IMF predicts South Korea's nominal GDP and GDP per capita will surpass Spain in 2015. Economists from other investment firms argue that even when measured by nominal GDP per capita, South Korea will achieve over $145,000 in 2040, surpassing the United States, suggesting that wealth is more important than size for bond investors, stating that Korea's credit rating will be rated AAA sooner than 2050
You will never be Korean
South Korean won is artificially kept low to boost exports
Based and China pilled.
I sure hope so lol.
Lithuanian tall blond men still kill themselves twice as much
this trend has been more pronounced in the younger population aged 10-59years (suicide is the first and second leading cause of death in people aged 10-39years and aged 40-59years, respectively)
Gooks can't breed.
whiteboy suicide rate still twice as high 
Seethe, bald, then rope, this is your destiny.
Cope gookcel you will kill yourself alone.
online dating
Oh no, not the undesirable leftover landwhales and fatties!
Korean Chads stay winning.
only 25 million Korean men in the whole country 
over 10 million female sex tourists fly there every year solely to take Korean dick 
Imagine not being Korean.
Asian population
4.5 billion
White population
600 million
Whitebros....have sex.
They cant. All their women fled the country for Korea.
gookcel MINDBROKEN because white chad stole his woman again
Kek
What about "highest in developed world" do you not understand retard. It's not even close too, most European countries have a suicide that is half of Korea's.
this confuses and enrages the gookcel
Many such cases. Sad!
Just Be Korean is law, always.
Want a cult of qts who worship you? Just Be Korean.
Another gookcel embarrassed by white chad
gookcel can only watch
Many such cases. Sad!
Millions of cute girls devote every waking moment of their lives to Korean men they have never even met. Every year, 1 in 10 Japanese women visit Korea.
Their purpose? To get railed by Korean men.
Millions of European, Russian, Japanese, Chinese and Viet girls come to Korea every year with the sole intention of riding the Korean cock carousel. Just be Korean.
73148064
73148062
73148044
None of these are Korean, stop coping.
Korean men dominate every second of these girls lives. 
Korean cock is all they think about. 
Every day, all day, Korean men are on their minds.
Everything they do, is for Korean men only. 
Let that sink in.
korea is just Latin american shithole,we all seen your cities and ghettos and the way you live you got the poverty everywhere hidden by the rich.
when they want to directly insult koreans they like pointing out suicide statistics and what-not, but when they want to point out dating related things they always post pics of 'asians' and claim they are korean to cope.
LMAO, just look at any korean thread.
Its literally over for mayocels.
gookcel absolutely MINDBROKEN and in denial
White CHAD owns you lol
Every time they wake up, they think of Korean men. As they go to sleep, they dream of Korean men. They work jobs where they daydream about Korean men all day, just to save up and travel to Korea and see Korean men. Their social media profile is all about Korean men. They buy Korean men gifts, profess their love publicly, pay thousands of dollars just to see Korean men in real life. They plan out entire vacations around getting a Korean boyfriend. Just be Korean.
ricecel frustration
Kek we all know the answer don't we, rice grains?
White horses all looking for their Korean Jockeys
yet another sad gookcel embarrassed by a white alpha male
this is unobtainable for gookcels
Who's ready?
He is buck broken, got cucked by a Korean.
gookcel seething as yet another woman rejected him for BWC
yea, ive noticed that too.
lmao the copes are embarassingly stronk i guess
gookcels can't breed
BWC won.
so starved for Korean cock they start cutting themselves 
Many such cases.
women on gookcels
Kek
73148134
73148125
73148116
73148106
73148110
73148101
They are not Korean lol. Cope baldy.
Girls cut themselves because they are so desperate for Korean cock
N-NOOOO CANNOT BE
lmao gookcel cope
Being deprived of Korean cock turns women into rabid feminists. Being rejected by oppa breaks their brain forever.
white CHAD about to plow another asian female
How will rice grains recover?
In Japan, anti Korean sentiment among Japanese incels is rising every year, because Japanese girls are addicted to Korean cock. 
In the west, we are now seeing a similar phenomenon, as more and more women reject their own boys for Korean dick instead.
gookcel emasculated by white CHAD
Many such cases. Sad!
Its the same spammer who was posting for 20 hours a day last week, kek. His ban just expired. His sister must have fucked a Korean.
the average frustrated gookcel
Whiteboys are taking the Korean pill in a bid to get laid. They know JBK is law.
rice grains secretly fantasize about WMAF BWC
Just Be Korean, or die trying.
tiny alone ricecel
tall white chad with women
Kek
try to be Korean so you can get laid 
die in Korean hospital 
https://www.asiaone.com/entertainment/canadian-rookie-actor-saint-von-colucci-dies-complications-after-plastic-surgery-look-bts-jimin
Fate of all whiteboys
asian women so desperate for white semen they import it
73148194
73148189
73148182
73148175
73148158
Not Korean lol, cope.
tiny gookcel
It's over, it truly is.
Yea, i just filtered him out.
Schizoid mayo is annoying spamming his cope post across every thread.
asian women reject rice grains for BWC
This makes rice grains seethe lol.
Why do white girls come to Korea so much?
Its fine, he will die in a hospital after getting 50 surgeries to try and look like Jimin lol.
asian women desire BWC
Rice grain sisters....
spend your whole life watching Korean Chads take your women for threesomes while you sexpat alone and unsuccessful in the background 
Fate of all mayocels.
asian women can't stop themselves when confronted with BWC
You will never be Korean
good, there are few fates in this world more cruel than being a gook
Of all the developed countries SK is easily the worst one.
be whiteboy 
come to seoul thinking JBW works in non SEA shitholes 
meanwhile reality
you stand around on your own the whole time
watching Korean Chads take all the white girls and Korean cuties 
Whiteboy sisters, not like this :(
gookcels FOAMING because white CHAD got laid again
Poor little white cuck lol. He will have to go back to his hotel room, cry and post on 4chan about JBW, hahaha.
rice grains doomed to watch BWC
Kek
Never forget 
one video
one Korean city 
65 mayocels 
all alone and maidenless in Korea 
PAJEET STATUS CONFIRMED
Lithuanian tall blond men still kill themselves twice as much
lol no
BWC fucks
gookcels seethes
Lol
alone
ignored
maidenless
No wonder whites are dying out.
gookcel making up fantasy to cope with BWC domination
73148286
Nice cope mayocel
gookcel will never know BWC admiration
Sorry sexpatcel, your Lego shoes wont save you in Korea, kek.
gookcels natural state
Kek
73148316
73148311
73148302
73148287
73148277
posts more non Koreans 
I accept your concession, mayocel.
I command you to spent the next 20 hours spamming cope on this board. Do it.
women repulsed by rice grains
Lmao
he will dw. white boys spam way more wmaf than asians do anything cuz we're busy working while they spam on neetbux
Your sister WILL lose her virginity to a Korean man.
gookcel cant comprehend BWC domination
Its literally impossible to be incel if you are Korean. JBK is law.
this thinks it can compete with BWC
If its preventing him from breeding and he is wasting his life on here, then all the better he spends his life on here. Although its not like mayocels can breed anyway kek.
asian women are reserved for BWC
What kind of horses do you like to ride? For me, its white mares :)
this kills the gookcel 
Many such cases. Sad!
73148361
when you were paying her to make a sign and she didnt realize she isnt supposed to copy your quotation marks 
Kek.
asian women fantasizing about BWC again
be Korean
white girls molest you on the street 
Just Be Korean.
another asian women owned by BWC
Just Be Korean. Divine law.
BWC conquering
gookcels watch
Kek
Latino here that recently fucked a cute Chinese girl from reddit
This thread is quite sad
Just a yt and an asian boy going back and forth
Please reevaluate your lives.
As a Korean man you can fuck any amount of Asian or white pussy you want, its not a big deal.
I am Korean.
goockcel thinking he will experience what BWC does
Lmao
Best pickup line of all time?
I Am Korean.
the epitome of gook nationalism 
Lmaaaaooooo
When your white horse invites her hot friend to Korea for a threesome.
Just Be Korean.
gookcels
people
Lol
Lmao
Koreabros. We won. 
Even whitecels acknowledge JBK is law.
rice grain rejected again
Kek
Even normies know JBK is law. 
Its over. Its finished. Korean bros won.
11 posters
81 images
I can tell both of you faggots are:
Virgins
Underage (mentally)
&amp;
Autistic
korean """men"""
Lmaaaoooooo
Even Korean trannies get more pussy than white boys. Let that sink in.
gook remains in utter denial 
Kek
Should I just kill myself as an autistic white guy? Seeing my women flock to gooks is the last straw.
really? are asian men really worse than black men (bmwf has been happening for longer probably). it's not even that common.
73148542
They were never your women to begin with, Chud. 
https://medium.com/write-your-own-adventure/a-new-generation-of-sexpats-91273d8d4cc1
rice grains MINDBROKEN by BWC domination
White zoomer pelvises are for pushing out Korean babies. White zoomer titties are for feeding Korean babies. White zoomer pussy is for Korean men only.
gookcels
No wonder women want BWC
Based and /thread 
JBK is law.
rice grains
Explains the SEETHING at BWC kek
damn, that's sad
you LARPing arguments with yourself in every single thread is getting fucking annoying. I genuinely hope you are shot through the head. You genuinely deserve to have a heart attack tonight you fucking CIA asset.
i think its the same person desu. how come theyre on at the same time every day? sussy.
exactly, it's just one faggot who goes around creating a rift in the community (common tactic).
It IS the same person. He is a schizo notorious racebaiting British gay faggot. He got banned off pol and int multiple times. Spams WMBF ebony porn, BMWF and BMAF blacked, WMAF and AMWF porn, one from his iPhone and one from his PC. I have been saying this for months. Its literally the same annoying gay retard cunt spamming this.
Figures, the posting pattern is really fucking obvious.
Do you think it might be Samuel? Glasgow is in the UK which would tie in with the Union Jack flag showing up on /pol/. He is also an iPhone user. He used to have an Asian gf. And he posts the balding white male/bald white genocide threads here everyday too. Coincidence? Pretty weird.
He also bragged about how he can take over the entire board by posting multiple threads at once.
Funny story, I was waiting in line at the cafeteria one time, this girl was in line behind me when a guy friend of hers went up to talk to her. They chatted for several minutes and then she brought up her study abroad trip that she just recently got back from. I was thinking she probably studied somewhere in Europe and sure enough her friend randomly guessed a few cities in Europe, 'London, Paris, right?' The girl replied 'no, South Korea.' He went silent, he had no words.
goockcel making up stories again to cope with BWC domination
South Korea
You just know.
How embarrassing for whites that your women are now globally known as thirsty female sexpats for Korean dick. Even normies and mainstream media know this. Jesus lol.
BWC scored yet another one while gookcels seethes 
Lol
