Are you supposed to enjoy these past 15?
the idea of someone caring about someone else this much is just strange to me. What is it that makes them care so much?
I think they're quite cute 
origi
Could be a sign of mental trauma in someone, being mentally stunted to have the conscious actions of a child. Probably best to steer clear
I was thinking it is young age by the referents of the sentences
"I love x and y and z about your appearance"
Are you younger than 21?
I mean, is it how younger than 21 people express infatuation?
I miss when you were allowed to like somebody (or something, for that matter) without wrapping yourself in a cauterizing layer of cynicism and irony and detachment.
I have to agree. 9 times out of 10 this behavior is not geniune. 
Don't tell someone you love them unless you know their bad side too.
without wrapping yourself in a cauterizing layer of cynicism and irony and detachment.
Wdym?
Also question addressed to everyone:
How do you write one of these for someone who is older than 30? You can use chatgpt if you would like to contribute to the thread
I mean, is it how younger than 21 people express infatuation?
I think so, yeah. The writing style seems immature for someone older than 17-18, but tiktok degrades zoomer IQ so it's probably just a product of the times.
I'm not saying it's not genuine per se, but the likelihood of (initially) invisible character flaws might turn out bad for any guy caught in the midst.
Wdym?
well, do you think anyone, even a 15yo, could write something like this now? As opposed to sort of vaguely hinting at "I like you" through text messages and such? Look at what it is. It's a paper record of someone admitting they have a huge crush on someone else. Would anyone do that today? No, the consequences if it backfires on you are so much more severe that you'd never put it straightforwardly on paper (paper!) anymore, you dance around it to maintain plausible deniability.
well, do you think anyone, even a 15yo, could write something like this now? As opposed to sort of vaguely hinting at "I like you" through text messages and such? Look at what it is. It's a paper record of someone admitting they have a huge crush on someone else. Would anyone do that today? No, the consequences if it backfires on you are so much more severe that you'd never put it straightforwardly on paper (paper!) anymore, you dance around it to maintain plausible deniability
Bleh
past 15
lmao fuck that there's no way you're in highshcool and leave these kind of faggot letters
My wife and I are 30 and she still does this occasionally. It's always cute and I save them. She's a bit autistic so I know it's genuine and it makes her happy to know that I keep them.
She's never drawn hello kitty, though.
They fucken wrote it in pencil before writing it again in pen ahahahahaha what a fucken retard
Love becomes conditional in adult life so writing smth like this past the age of 12 is pretty cringe
lmao fuck that there's no way you're in highshcool and leave these kind of faggot letters
This not only happened but was common when I was in high school. 
t. level 36 boomer
Even if it wasn't for me, this did put a smile on my face. I wouldn't mind getting a letter like this.
I am a 30 year old escortcel robot and I had one girlfriend in high school who was really hot. She gave me a special metal box that I still have to this day and it's full of high school love notes and a pair of her panties. I haven't opened the box in years. Kinda want to be buried with it desu. 
It's sad. She definitely has no memory of me by now and would never want to talk to me again. I don't really remember her either, it's not like I miss her or still think about her, we are both completely different adults now. 
But, it's nice to remember what it was like. I got to put my face right up to the glass of normiedom and look in. I used to have sex with her so much when I was 16-17 that I would somehow get bored of it, despite her being a skinny young white girl. I knew at the time I was just a loser who got incredibly lucky, and time has proved me right, so I just tried to preserve everything 100% as much as possible. 
Doesn't help me now though. Pic related I took this photo probably in 2010. My adulthood turned out so fucking badly.
i got something like this when i was in 7th grade with just a phone number to call and no name, most people didnt like me and i was alone most of the time so i was kinda excited. turns out it was just to prank a friend of the girl that gave it to me. fucking with me was just a bonus. that was the first time i thought about killing myself. surprised i still havent. probably will soon
i actually broke down and cried because i know nobody will ever do this for me.
my ex never did this for me but would ask me to draw stuff for him all the time. i don't know how i should feel about this. i feel taken advantage of
I'm so happy that my unyielding pessimism never allowed me to fall for these kinds of tricks.
