Why do attractive people never admit that their attractiveness gives them an advantage over everyone else in almost everything?
Why cant poltards admit that white privilege exists?
Because attractive people compete with other attractive people, where there is literally no advantage for simply being attractive. Most people know how important the gym is.
Only me or does the picture look like he/she has a faint mustache?
That doesn't answer my question.
There's no such thing as "attractive VS attractive" competition. One is simply far more attractive than the other, end of the story.
What? I can't spot any facial hair. Try highlighting it.
Below the nose there's a shadow that looks like some effeminate faint mustache
they dont deny it but they downplay its importance to the point where its barely significant.
Could just be her philtrum weirdly shaped.
because it will mean their success and struggles means less. simple as, m8
end of the story
No idea which story you mean. There is literally no advantage to being attractive when everyone around you is already attractive. Nobody surrounds themselves with less competent people except maybe autists.
holy shit you're dumb
literally filtered by philtrum
Who is this? She seems oddly familiar
Not really. Most, if not all, attractive people I've met would ALWAYS call bullshit on their looks being of any significance, and would taunt you for even thinking that physical appearance matters.
Seems obvious, but so what? Why do they have to cater to that logic if they can simply get by anywhere?
There is literally no advantage to being attractive
There is.
when everyone around you is already attractive
Doesn't matter one bit. There's still an objectively far more attractive one out of the lot. They will be the center of attention, and most definitely the standout.
Nobody surrounds themselves with less competent people
Clearly never been prone to insecure fucks surrounding themselves with incompetent people to boost their morale.
Sorry anon, I have no idea who she is.
not if you have social anxiety like me
t. angry ladyboy
Because they are attractive enough to enable living in ignorant bliss. The vast majority of people opt into it if they have the option
center of attention
You have never been outside.
boost the morale 
You have literally never been outside. Why do you talk like a cartoon character?
Seems obvious, but so what? Why do they have to cater to that logic if they can simply get by anywhere?
sorry i do not understand your question. can you please rephrase it.
White people have life on easy mode, especially white males. They dont want to admit it
You're delusional if you think people wouldn't give you a pass for being attractive and socially anxious. Hopefully you enjoyed the countless times people have called you "cute", faggot.
The vast majority of people opt into it if they have the option
Elaborate.
"Oh no, I have no counter argument and so I will accuse you of being a terminally online shut-in and-"
Kek.
Why would they care if others perceive their success as less when they (attractive people) can get by anywhere regardless?
Found the shitskin.
found the shitskin 
Explain
Why don't you just be more beautiful OP?
"I don't know attractive people very well"
FTFY
This
Most people never admit their advantages, if their life is good they think they earned it but if their life sucks they blame chance or fate
Elaborate. 
Say you're good looking and benefit from the halo effect your entire life, especially when it comes to dating. This inevitably gives you a healthy ego and self esteem. Some incel comes up to you and points out that if you weren't good looking you'd have a much harder time in life, and especially with girls. Why would you accept his theory, even if it's probably true? You would be less happy for no tangible benefit (at least if you don't care about understanding things more 'truthfully'). 
Basically good looking people live on ezmode, and part of that is benefiting from just world fallacy, in which they are the just people who benefit from their own righteousness. They live in a blissfully ignorant paradise, and you're asking them to step out of it simply to have a perspective closer to the truth.
Why don't you admit your attractiveness is a privilege?
Blah blah blah
Kill yourself.
Explain
There's nothing to explain. If you genuinely believe that straight white males have it easier than everyone else, you're either a repressed shitskin or an angry female.
Most people never admit their advantages
Tell me what advantages does a balding, short ugly man have that he hasn't admitted to?
That clears things up. I still don't get why they would feel bad hearing the truth that they're internally aware of, but as long as they get what they want they wouldn't care.
Because they dont want to admit that all Crime and Evil of this World is because that there is not Equality
theres nothing to explain
So why dont white men admit that they have life on easy mode?
That clears things up. I still don't get why they would feel bad hearing the truth that they're internally aware of, but as long as they get what they want they wouldn't care. 
There's a difference between implicitly knowing and explicitly knowing something. An implicit, painful truth is much easier to suppress to avoid mental pain than an explicitly stated truth. By not agreeing with something obviously true, even if it's explicitly stating, they maintain plausible deniability to themselves and keep that painful truth and mental pain in the realm of the implicit. Basically their goal is to feel good and avoid pain, so they act accordingly
I'll give you the real answer that nobody else has given you. They need to believe that they earned everything in life. That everything good in their lives has come about from their own hardwork and doing. For them to accept that it was only their attractiveness that is the reason everything in their life is great, would be to tear down their reality. It also means that a significant portion of those they dated, are friends with, etc. weren't because of them the person, but only because of their looks. They'd have to live the rest of the lives wondering why the other person likes them, why they got the job, etc. They'd rather go full on into their current reality instead of tearing it down and living that life.
Coz it's default condition for them.
Fish would never understand meaning of water until it's pulled out of it.
Kill yourself.
translation
"no actual good looking person has ever spoken to me"
How can white privilege exist if whites aren't the richest group? If they have very little power? If they are the global minority? If they get passed over just for being white? What privlege does the dirt poor kid from Appalachia with meth addicted parents have over the sons of multi-millionaire black athletes and actors?
White guys are privileged in literally every part of life but continue to think they earned their success.
Why would they care if others perceive their success as less when they (attractive people) can get by anywhere regardless?
i think there are a few possibilities that can exist at the same time.
heres what i could brainstorm
they find social situations easier to think about/manage when they are less of an outsider
they want to empathize/relate to others and be empathized with. if you are living on easy mode, you are more often denied this.
they are used to validation and acceptance until someone tells you something that potentially invalidates all of that and your happiness with being successful.
it makes their advice sound less valuable or real if they had an easy time on the thing they are giving advice on
success is kind of meaningless to a lot of people unless it has 'objective meaning'(other people believe its meaningful)
You didn't attempt to answer any of my questions and you have yet to prove your claim. I'll give you one more chance.
All races are a global minority and white countries have the highest GDP per capita on average. I don't believe this is due to simple racism but you're very sheltered if you think being born in most white countries outside western Europe isn't lucky
You didnt answer the question and it seems like you cant elaborate.
*outside eastern Europe
All races are a global minority
Wrong. Asians are a global majority. This is easily provable by looking at population sizes.
white countries have the highest GDP per capita on average
Those "white countries" aren't 100% white. You still can't explain why white countries are BELOW non-white countries.
being born in most white countries outside western Europe isn't lucky
Yes, I'm sure those that grew up during the economic boom in Japan sure was shit. I'm sure being able to leave all your expensive out in the open and return to find it untouched is really shit. I'm sure all those kids that are growing up in dirt poor Appalachia to meth addict parents are definitely lucky, right?
no you
You lost. Thanks for admiting I'm right and you're wrong. I accept your concession. Now being a good retard and reply to me when I can't see it.
you lost
Still doesnt answer the question and does not elaborate. Why is it so hard for white men to admit they have easy lives?
Sounds like typical attractive person problems. I wonder why incels aren't going crazy over facing the blackpill even when they're on the worse side? Attractive people are literal babies in the way they get treated by the world.
People as a whole put up with most everything as long as they have food, water, and shelter. As long as their basic needs are met, they'll keep going through day after day.
mommy Hitomi. good taste, anon
and be empathized with. if you are living on easy mode, you are more often denied this.
Do you believe this to not be fair?
when i saw the thumbnail of her athletic bum my first thought is i want her to peg me
sorry i do not understand the question again. 
are you asking if i find it unfair that attractive people want to be just as relatable? or do i find it unfair that they can be denied empathy? or something else?
Name single privilege white guy have over pocs.
unfair that attractive people want to be just as relatable?
Not want exactly but believe they are just as relatable and are met with resistance. No need to apologize, I see how my question now was pretty ambiguous.
Honestly White privilege barely even exist for Whites in 2023.
Its doesnt even exist amongst Zoomers imo.
Def exists amongst overseas immigrants and older generation, but thats my perception.
I think u get a negative White tax now a days.
Evolutionary advantage
You can't even answer the question. Why is it so fucking hard for white men to admit they have life on easy mode? Is it because they think they earned their success?
see a female ass
immediately think about how you want dick in yours 
Pegging/femdom is not inherently gay but that seems like a pretty Jewed chain reaction. I would examine that. Just seems like something going on
which one do you think will have more kids?
unfair to who? me or them?
i'm not sure why it would be unfair, but its just like a displeasure for both the attractive person and the person denying them. ideally we would all understand ourselves and each other very well, but we have to make judgements that may go against other peoples judgements.
An edit to my question. Do you not believe it's fair for them to be denied the same level of empathy when they do live life on easy mode even if they believe they don't? That they are met with resistance or not taken as seriously because of their natural benefits outweighing the negatives?
unfair to them
original
problem i have is it could be 'unfair' in a number of different ways. 
i think theres often a lack of empathy for unattractive people that is a lot more severe. in this way it is not unfair.
you could say it is unfair to the attractive person as they can't claim hardship like they ugly people do for seemingly the same task, but imagine how dumb it would be to trade your attractiveness to be able to whine with others. they wouldn't do it because its not a very important thing to have. they tradeoff is worth it.
i guess my conclusion is that its not unfair. its just a minor psychological dilemma that attractive people may face.
We did though. Our ancestors worked hard to give us the opportunities and the genes we have today, while yours were being lazy.
Which one do you think will be successful in life?
Appreciate you answering my question, anon. Are you yourself an incel? What brings you to this board?
im not an incel, i lost my virginity when i was a teenager. i am on the spectrum though. i have no friends and like to talk to people online. i think i originally stuck to this board because i was very cynical and had a lot of social issues.
Because that would be gloating. Do rich people say the same? No! Because that would be fucking weird! Not everything needs to be said out loud dumbass.
stuck to this board because i was very cynical and had a lot of social issues.
So you're a ok now?
working hard gives your kids better genes
Thats probably true but white men have life on easy mode
yeah i'm a lot better and level headed, but i've taken a liking to people who come from places like this. they are more relatable.
Why do intelligent people pretend it was hard work that made them successful.
how are they relatable when you admit to being so different? The only reason I'm here (despite being an incel) is because I got sick. Before this, for the most part I was just living my life. It had its ups and downs, but rarely was I as miserable as the people here (not trying to call them crybabies or anything). Also, what are your thoughts on incela when it comes to women/dating? I personally think they put WAY too much stock in women's opinions, but do agree with fair bit amount of their views.
There's nothing to explain. If you genuinely believe that straight white males have it easier than everyone else, you're either a repressed shitskin or an angry female.
Not him but I'm also brown and think you're absolutely retarded
Why do attractive people never admit that their attractiveness gives them an advantage over everyone else in almost everything?
Compared to other attractive people are they really that attractive? Use your brain retard.
There is.
Retard read the full sentence again - the other anons point is true. Its why attractive girls never surround themselves with other attractive girls and always have that one clapped bitch with them. There is no reason for them to be surrounded by others that look better than them.
Here is the full quote for you again you donkey brained retard
There is literally no advantage to being attractive when everyone around you is already attractive
For men physical appearance has no advantages and there is no reason to claim falsehoods. For women it's everything, and they don't admit it because it would create a ton of competition. Better to be a 7/10 among 5/10s than a 10/10 among other 10/10s.
We had it a lot better, until we started letting in retards like Jews who constantly back stab us, also greedy pigs like boomers who sell our wellbeing. Thousands of years of work and suffering gone in a few years.
i'm not so sure that I am very different. i've been on here for roughly a decade. incel wasn't even a word people used when i first came here. 
to be honest i used to be a huge crybaby here and just whine about women and normies. i'm 30 years old now and are not as viscerally concerned about those things because i barely care about women, i am now more skilled with dealing with normal people, and generally my world view has become more developed. 
most people here are in their 20s. theres a lot of party culture, hooking up and stuff in early 20s and then most those party goers naturally start to fall into their long term relationships and places in society. people here struggle to take part in this so they ruminate over it. its fuel on the fire if you can notice people in every day life notice that somethings off about you.
what do you think about women and dating, way too much stock
unfortunately some of these people take these feelings into their 30s. i am fortunate in this way that I stopped caring as much. i think theres a lot of truth in black pill stuff, but women are very confusing and there's kind of a weird observability problem when it comes to understanding them, so i wouldnt assume black pillers know best. 
despite this, because women are such a pain in the ass and long term relatiionships are so volatile with them, i've successfully diverted my efforts to other things. i think that answered your question, not sure though.
the girl in OP is asian though.
It is double dipping. They aren't happy with just having a good life. They also feel the need to prove to other people it was their hard work that got them a good life.
there's kind of a weird observability problem when it comes to understanding them
I don't understand, what is the problem and would you flesh it out too?
 wouldnt assume black pillers know best.
What do you mean by "best"? I agree that not everything they say is accurate, but I do believe they know better than everyone for the most part making them the best. You seem pragmatic so if you see how they aren't, please explain. I feel that you would be fair in your opinion.
oh yeah also because i'm an autistic weirdo and people tend to like more autistic things like i do and tend to be more socially fucked up, which is fine by me as long as i can tell them that theyre being a fucking retard when it bothers me. doing that IRL comes with big consequences. its just easier to get on with people from here than anywhere else for me. it just works.
They don't admit it because then it invalidates more or less all of their life achievements outside of academia, which even that is down to genes. 
They cling to it because people are fundamentally driven by ego and emotion and attractive people grew up in a very specific sphere. They were endlessly praised, validated and given company, and basically inculcated in cognitive dissonance.
you succeeded because you're special and deserved it! 
you succeeded because you worked really hard and achieved it, no advantages whatsoever! 
Once that dissonance becomes apparent in adolescence, it's too difficult to shake. It gets even harder when they inevitably meet at least one genetic low value person with stronger charisma or who actually struggled to achieve more. Success is fundamentally a part of who they are as a person, but that very specific form of success. It needs to be both types or they don't get the validation hit they need. 
It also makes them feel like bad people. They spent their lives harassing, bullying and stepping on anyone in their way or for fun, under the mindset that it was all a level playing field and they were just playing it better. The other guy should just do what they do. Acknowledging their genetic and financial advantages changes that dynamic completely and makes them irredeemable, which they're too morally rigid and immature to grapple with or just accept.
They choose to live in their Halo Effect bubble because leaving it would be a nightmare for them.
What do you mean by "best"? I agree that not everything they say is accurate, but I do believe they know better than everyone for the most part making them the best. You seem pragmatic so if you see how they aren't, please explain. I feel that you would be fair in your opinion.
they are more willing to explore/touch topics no one else would dare touch or even think about, which is valuable. their interpretations are also worth considering, but it does not mean their interpretations are always right. the situations and things they are examining are still black boxes with a lot going on inside. if i dont completely understand something, i'm not going to rely on one way of looking at it to make decisions in varying/nuanced situations.
there's kind of a weird observability
yeah i'm not too sure how to explain this. i guess i just have a harder time understanding women. this isn't just in romance, but like working with them, communicating with them, making sure they don't dislike dealing with me, etc. i can make guesses as to why, but usually ends with me making large generalizations that i'm skeptical of.
I very rarely get called cute to my face. The only compliments I've gotten are that I'm smart (which never feels that great to hear) and that I'm tall.
i'm not going to rely on one way of looking at it to make decisions in varying/nuanced situations.
I don't understand what decisions are they making that you believe are unwise? The conclusion I drew from it after my experiences matching a lot of their observations was women weren't worth my time. I will nearly always be disadvantaged heavily when interacting with them so it's best to focus my efforts on other things. Family, friends and hobbies. Also, that my lack of success in dating women/any relationships is not a reflection of my character being poor. Basically freeing me in a sense from allowing failure to harm my self esteem.
but usually ends with me making large generalizations that i'm skeptical of.
Mind sharing a couple?
They spent their lives harassing, bullying and stepping on anyone in their way or for fun
not all attractive people are bad people, dude.
Because to do so would be to admit that much of the success in their lives can be put down to random chance. That the biggest reason for their success is something that was already done before they were even born.
They don't want to admit that, they want to believe that they're as successful as they are because they put in the effort, that it was their actions that rewarded them. And likewise, they want to believe that the people that aren't successful are failures because they're lazy and didn't put in the effort, rather than because those people just failed the random dice roll that they succeeded.
It's like how boomers always say that they're well-off because "they put in the effort" when they were younger, and that "kids these days are just lazy". As opposed to admitting that they're just well-off because they were born at the exact right time, when practically anyone could be financially well-off.
I don't understand what decisions are they making that you believe are unwise
about women? i can't think of any off the top of my head. yeah i'm pretty aligned with what you're saying here.
mind sharing a couple
i genuinely don't mind, i just can't remember any.
Why do attractive people never admit that their attractiveness gives them an advantage over everyone else in almost everything?
Think about the reverse for a second OP. If you have an advantage from anything what point does it serve to let people know you have that advantage?
In a game of poker does it make sense to let others know you have a good hand so everyone folds and you get the bare minimum ante? Or do you use your advantage to the fullest to maximize your gains and convince people that you don't have said advantage?
Whether you like it or not life itself is a game where all of the players are constantly trying to leverage whatever advantages they have against others. You don't gain anything by bringing those advantages to light otherwise people would take that into account when dealing with you.
Alright, well it was nice chatting 
with you anon. Appreciate 
you being real and having a civil discussion, take care.
life achievements outside of academia, which even that is down to genes.
Yeah. I wish more people realized this. Academic success is for the most part a function of how people treat you, which in turn is a function of how good looking you are.
A good looking guy enjoys going to class, because everyone there enjoys being around him and respects him (because he's good looking) including the teacher. He doesn't need to spend any mental effort concentrating because he has no worries in the back of his mind undermining his concentration; and the teacher loves how good looking he is so she will give him great grades even when the quality of his work is subpar. He's where he belongs, and enjoys being there.
On the other hand an ugly guy can't focus, having been the target of violence multiple times; he feels unsafe and constantly has tunnel vision, needs to watch over his shoulder, knows the teacher won't defend him (because he's ugly and therefore his life doesn't matter) and so on. He must spend the entirety of his mental energy focusing on how to survive and making it to the end of the day in a violent environment where he must fight to stay alive every day. That was my highschool experience- I had to get multiple dental implants in my first year and was even knocked unconscious once.
Looks = social success = academic and financial success
Academic success is for the most part a function of how people treat you, which in turn is a function of how good looking you are.
Nah, it's about how naturally smart you are. I knew dudes who weren't handsome, fucked around and got great grades because school was piss easy for them.
