Is it over for me, anons? Should I give up all hope on losing my virginity and become a full time wizard?
Fake and gay and yes, obviously, fucktard
"The first who made me balblabla"
She is a whore bruh.
Also, tell your mother to fuck off
women are retarded 
unless you push the limits, you're gonna end up like me (living in the same house with my gf for over a year and a half, and still no intercourse) 
life is hell
i get rock hard reading this greentext, meanwhile this retard can't get hard while fingering a wet girl.
There is no way you are living with a woman you hwve never fucked
You should've fucked you retard. Also women are the ultimate coomers, they only care if you give them pussy tingles, hence her thanking you for that. 99% of interactions with women are based on if you give them pussy tingles or the ick, guys are visual so it's way more obvious they're coomers, the dirty secret women have is that they are all huge coomers just it's mental for them instead of visual
What's worse, being a virgin who made a woman cum or a non-virgin who sucks at sex?
what a way to get caught off guard. also its a shame the first vagina you fingered smelled bad. if its like right out of the shower fresh its like sucking the inside of your elbow so its pretty decent. although everyone is roasting you for not banging this chick it was probably the best thing to do at the time.
you didn't escalate once, she was doing all the work, you have no one to blame but yourself
my situation is beyond any hope 
if jesus were to come down on earth and I'd show up to see him, he'd start running faster than sonic and flash combined 
she always says that her pussy hurts (I half get that)
but for christ sake she has another hole that can be fucked 
ok bitch you don't like anal, but you have a mouth and hands, right? 
sure, but we never do anything spontaneous, and max twice a week (if it's a good week) 
haha I forgot to mention, I don't know how to bj, and my handjobs are quite bad 
I just wish I were alone
still pissed to this day that she didn't even touch me in the slightest
zoomer men are completely woman-brained. you are supposed to be a man and escalate things instead of passively waiting for her to touch you. you could have fucked her or at least gotten a bj 
living in the same house with my gf for over a year and a half, and still no intercourse
my gf tried something similar:
day 1
I tell her in advance I won't pressure her for sex. we just cuddle
days 2-6 
I keep trying and get rejected for anything beyond rubbing her tits and pussy while she's clothed.
find out she's a virgin and wants to wait like a year lol. tell her no way and pressure her for sex. fucked her twice and the rest is history
meant to reply to >>73149496 in a very original way
Dude, you gotta stop with the datura. That shit's gonna kill you at some point.
Did you take her hand an try to make her grab you? Maybe she was too shy/autistic.
Anyways you probably now ruined ever enjoying those albums since now they will be tainted with this unpleasant memory. You played yourself.
