How do you enjoy being part of the half of humanity that, by virtue of your gender, is NOT called up to be mass murdered by the state, whose feelings are taken seriously, whose complaints actually lead politicians to take action? No seriously, if you're a woman, you actually get to be treated like a human being, and I'm just curious what it feels like, because your brothers, your father and your male cousins never had anything close to this. How do you enjoy your amazing lives? How pleasurable is it? lol I'm really curious because, as a man, as you probably know, I'm accustomed to having no rights whatsoever.
i hope all xys die in agony
It makes me realize that poor people have no reason to complain. They can literally just become women and get anything they want.
Just get a life and stop seething man. I don't even know if you're a male or a female meming, but go lift some weights. Read a book. Go outside in the sun.
:( that is not very nice anon.
It makes me realize that poor people have no reason to complain. They can literally just become women and get anything they want.
It's true yeah they can escort themselves to Elon or whatever and live the rich life.
Shut the FUCK up I had to be called to the "state sponsored murder list" before I could even be eligible for regular college tuition, so FUCKING LOL @ men in America not being ridiculously discriminated against you fucking faggot.
They are, but seething at women about it, on a board full of males who also hate women, does nothing. Engage in meaningful activism, or stop caring. Either way, do something with yourself on a personal level.
I think the answer is that it isn't pleasurable and easy enough. Women are narcissists after all and they think they deserve everything. Also chad isn't interested in relationship so that is a huge problem.
They are, but seething about women about it, on a board with no women, does nothing. I reiterate my earlier list of suggestions.
Get a load of this retard.
Men can just become women easily in america
Accidental duplicate. Ignore
nature knows this, that's why they're nerfed in the physical department. any dude can knock out any woman, they're extremely weak.
I don't know because I don't watch the news or read politics and I literally don't give a shit about anyone else I just eat, sleep, go on the net, and do my hobbies and interests.
how are we treated well moids rape us beat us and pay us less
I had a gay guy fall in love with me and literally just take care of me. Dinner, movies, gifts, tuition. We never fucked either.
I was a young asshole and did not appreciate it.
