What is your bedtime ritual, anon? What do you like to do before going to sleep? How do you calm yourself down, get yourself into a sleepy state of mind?
i jerk off
jerk off
listen to music
jerk off again
post on /x/
jerk off once more
go piss and brush teeth
smoke a ciggy
meditate
thank God/myself
assimilate my ideal reality visualizing it before me
drift into sleep in that state
That actually kind of helps when I feel horny and can't sleep because of that.
Yeah, no way you jerk off 3 times a night.
youtube like a normal person
I take otc melatonin, prescribed sleeping meds, another sleeping med I stocked from doctor, and a few pills of benzos, just to make sure I sleep.
I have a hard time sleeping, and after this cocktail a hard time waking up
try me bitch I can prove it but you won't like it
YouTube keeps me up more than anything! I find it hard to stop watching. What do you like watching?
I hope this cocktail isn't having too many adverse on your mind and body, anon. Are you insomniac or something?
You're right, I don't want to see you jerking off three times a night.
I cannot have a bedtime ritual for awhile I got nails removed and am in too much pain to do anything really
but I do like playing otome games before bed when not suffering
How come you got your nails removed, anon? Stuff dealing with nails is always painful, though. I cut my thumbnail too short yesterday.
Good taste anon! What are you playing right now?
can't jerk off 3 times a night
bro it's over
Terrible endurance I know :(
I had some weird painful infection that was resistant to every treatment so the doctor suggested removing them as a last resort, they couldn't even diagnose what it was accurately. cutting nails too short is pretty painful too but it should grow back quickly. 
I finished up all the routes in hakuouki finally after all these years and started ozmafia, also I play this mobile one called ikemen sengoku but I've only got one or two guys left whose routes I haven't completed. I want to get birushana but am too poor currently lol
You'd be surprised how easily you fall asleep after you read right before bed.
I've heard of Haukoki!!! It looks really cool! How was it? And I see you've gotten into the habit of reading multiple at a time... will never finish them all lol. Just like me and the ten or so, I think, visual novels I'm reading right now.
I don't know how to feel about reading otome games as a guy but I want to try it out one day.
Reading with a physical book, ereader, or a phone or tablet, anon? People keep saying the bad blue light will keep you up, and I read on my phone :( May not work so well for me!
I loved hakuouki so much it's definitely the best otome game I'll ever play. yeah I start way too many games at once only to never finish, not the best habit. hakuouki is pretty historically accurate so if you're a japanese history autist or if you like the shinsengumi you might find it rather enjoyable, they added in vampires and demons for some reason but besides that it was accurate.
either stay up for 48 hours then fall asleep or take sleep meds
Unfortunately I only read eroges lol :( Very basic taste. I am not really into the Japanese history stuff.
That sounds terrible :( I'd feel horrible after 48 hours of work!
I'd feel horrible after 48 hours of work!
I mean 48 hours of staying awake. Damn, I'm tired :(
oh not even regular vns? yeah that's understandable some find it a bit boring
I fear the passage of time and wasting the time I have on this earth and knowledge that I could have learned skills I could have mastered If the tame had not been wasted. I just dont like taking my sleep meds most of the time.
Oh no no no, absolutely no screens two hours before bed. Always physical books, they can add up to be expensive but they're worth.
what eroge do you like
I just kinda lie down and let my imagination wander until I pass out
i listen to hatomugi
Pills, liquor and GFE ASMRs
I do read regular VNs if they interest me. Honestly, I'm getting tired of H-scenes. I'm ashamed to admit I started skipping them :(
I am sorry to hear that, anon. I hope you can come to terms with the fact that sleep is a necessary thing.
Then I am not going to be sleeping well tonight, am I :(
Right now I'm reading Aokana. I can't really remember the names of stuff I've read in the past, sorry :(
I can't even force myself to sleep sometimes. My brain sometimes races at a million miles an hour.
Nice!
Based. Maybe I should do that too. Would help me cope.
Take clothe off
Get in bed
Close ehes
Wake up and ig is a new day
That sounds wonderful.
I'm going to bed myself. It's been an awfully long day. I hope you enjoy your night, robot.
Call my girlfriend watch youtube then sleep with ease when i feel like it
That's comfy. Doesn't YouTube kind of keep you up late, though? I usually stay up very late because of it.
Youtube like everyone else. Gotta have that distraction to stop myself from thinking. How about you, OP?
Hop in bed
Imagine latest girl I have a crush on being my gf
Imagine her writhing around in pure orgasmic bliss as chad pounds away at her while I watch and beat my tiny pp
Cum, hard
And then I pass out while wishing I was dead a long time ago.
It works, believe me. It truly feels like someone loves me.
I admit, I don't really have any ritual for going to sleep. I might just try to drown out my sorrows with YouTube when I feel like it.
I think I should try it out sometime. The problem is, the voice might keep me awake? Maybe?
Its a bad habit, i suggest you dont start watching yt before bed. Why do you ask about bed rituals, anon? Is it cause you have trouble sleeping?
Go into settings and see night mode or something, my phone isn't that bright so I can sleep because I changed settings
