why should I care about doing anything positive for society if they wont return the favor?
Be the change you want to see in the world. The way to get society to change for the better isn't by running away. In life you have to be proactive about things. Why not work to create a society that will return the favor? It may not happen in your lifetime but true wisdom is having the patience to work through machinations that you know you might never enjoy the fruit of. Rather its taking solace in understanding and knowing that you did what you could to make the world better for the generation thats comes after you and so on and so forth.
not reading all this cope. nope. No pussy, no work.
I accept your concession in its entirety
Unfathomly based
NO PUSSY
NO WORK
SIMPLE AS
You don't do for society stupid ass, you do for yourself
Men arent capable of doing positive for society. Women are the only ones who pay taxes
the only thing you've ever accepted in its entirety is your pederast's fathers sexual molestation
no peace no work no taxes
sorry
Fuck off i am not lifting heavy weight for nothing
I have no stake in the future, no legacy. Um not doing shit. You gave me such a normie answer. You want me to continue to be a slave for hopes and dreams. Fuck you. All my money I have before I die will go towards a terrorist cell in the hopes of creating chaos.
Are you retarded?
No. It's over. The time to act was a century ago. They can't be stopped at this point
you shouldn't. we tried playing by the rules, we tried being nice, at least in america. guess what happened? we got more and more loose with what we allowed, then everyone truly got a say at every level, and by the time (now) people are starting to figure out that it was a bad idea it's too late. you can't just "fix" this because someone with more power than you will inevitably stifle it, or more likely you won't get off the ground in the first place because people have to work 40+h a week just to make a subsistence living while supplementing with a ton of debt. you should absolutely be telling the system to fuck off at every available opportunity, without sacrificing your own wellbeing. the methods of doing that are different for everyone. honestly, just keep doing normal shit, this system is so fucking incompetent AND evil that there is a near-zero likelihood of it continuing more than 10 or 20 years
I mean, you could always get a low paying job, then you don't have to worry about paying taxes. In fact, they'll give you bonus cash each year called a refund!
remember that society abandoned you first.
its just that fucking simple
You don't. Simple as.
And if one is forced to do so when cuckolds like >>73145381 begin to rule the world, you contribute the least you can do, while being the biggest burden to the system out of spite. Good examples of the latter are requesting food from local food banks and never eating them, or filing your taxes with physical forms after you have done the tax avoidance thing and have given your money to anyone else but the pickaninny-raising g*vernment, specifically s*ci*l s*rv*ces.
Who the actual fuck gives a shit about giving back to society? Most fucks, like me, are only interested on what we get out of it.
What a fag. Work for the generation to come? THERES NOTHING AFTER DEATH, YOU DONT GET TO KEEP YOUR ACHIEVEMENTS AND ITS BENEFITS AFTER DEATH
How about you give us something tangible instead of babble you retarded filthy kike. I aint working til I get a virgin 16 yo simple as.
Lol, lmao even.
If I could change my genes, I would.
