Should they think about their family or their life achievements? I am facing a possible cancer diagnosis and want to prepare myself for the worst. Can you suggest any books on this topic?
You should try to find comfort in the fact that at least you don't have to witness society slide even further into hopelessness.
Think about your life achievements. Chances are you've accomplished more than many people on this board.
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. And while the Bible and the Qu'ran convinces few people who do not already believe, the book in pic related is known to convince even hardened skeptics that there is an afterlife. And there are scores of studies confirming that reading about or listening to NDEs lessens or removes the fear of death. And YouTube is filled with NDErs and their testimonies.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
"As my soul left my body, I found myself floating in a swirling ocean of multi-colored light. At the end, I could see and feel an even brighter light pulling me toward it, and as it shined on me, I felt indescribable happiness. I remembered everything about eternity - knowing, that we had always existed, and that all of us are family. Then old friends and loved ones surrounded me, and I knew without a doubt I was home, and that I was so loved."
You are not your body, or your brain. Your body operates and regulates itself, regardless of your consciousness. 
Neither are you your brain, your brain and nervous system go on while you're sleeping and force you to act under the right indications -- you'll unconsciously flinch at things that startle and shield your face from offending things because your brain isn't you. 
What makes you is something else, a soul.
I too have had cancer, and been in some ridiculous near miss accidents. I don't think it's possible to 'go' before your time is truly up. I think you should focus on your emotions. Work through by really feeling out all of your fears, regrets, hopes, anything that needs to be experienced. I don't have any book recommendations but a lot of new age types discuss this stuff on youtube. Good luck, and I hope you don't have to deal with much pain, and the feels aren't too hard on you. See you on /x/ when you finally realise just how schizo this existence is.
You should fight cancer head on, first stop eating all the foods you eat in case the food is causing you cancer.
Then Move!! the areas you are in can be causing you cancer
then avoid people as people can cause you cancer
Stop wearing clothes as they too can cause you cancer.
Pretty much everything causes cancer
This post is causing cancer
good luck
The issue of death has been a primary topic of philosophic debate for centuries. You can find many insights in ancient philosophical works of the hellas, Cicero, Seneca, Epictetus, Aurelius(the normie one and i don't think he talks about death a lot), so yeah, nobody's going to ease your passing as much as these bearded gentlemen
