love? thats for someone else
romantic intimacy? thats for someone else
teenage love passions? thats for someone else
pairbonded relationships? thats for someone else
deflowering a virgin? thats for someone else
deep meaningful life-affirming sex? thats for someone else
the best we can do is to understand god, and to trust him
him
imagine thinking our makers are not Women as well.
Or to stop seeing yourself as a fucking loser and live a fulfilling life instead. Grow some fucking balls op
understand god, and to trust him
God is a transwoman.
Stop misgendering her.
our makers
imagine thinking we didn't make god
When a girl holds you like that its the most peaceful feeling in the world. For a moment in time, everything feels like its all going to be okay. Her soft skin and warm body holds you and she smells good.
g*d
kek
fulfilling life instead
how does one do this if they do not have the basic components that all psychologists agree are a fundamental part of the human experience?
its just a idiom of expression. presumably god is genderless
also, ur a cuck simp
bro, stop seeing yourself as a homeless person and just get a job and buy a house, bro
if a child saw both of his parents killed in front of him, and then grew up in a orphanage where he was abused on a regular basis, would you blame it on him that he was a fuck up in adulthood, you shameless disingenuous normie retard?
its probably super uncomfortable for her cus of our heavy moid torso and skull
Just shower and get a haircut, bigot.
Its that simple.
If you cant even do that then maybe you deserve to be alone.
That's my whole point, you're waiting for someone to give you a good life instead of building it yourself. The two main problems many robots have are neuroticism and external locus of control. You need to acknowledge and address your mental issues, and internalize your locus of control. If you don't even feel like you have control over your own life or results, then how are you ever supposed to live well. 
The only way for a guy who isn't good looking to live well in 2023 is to do it by intention, happy accidents don't exist for guys like us
The universe doesn't care about 'fault', it just is, stop projecting your morality onto an unfeeling reality. My point is if you feel like you deserve to be homeless or see yourself as inevitably homeless, then it will become a self fulfilling prophecy. Yeah some people are inevitably homeless, but most robots are in prisons of their own making
god cant hug me, a gf could
maybe this god should start hugging my nuts and then continue from there
imagine believing in sky wizards
wtf is wrong with u?
If you're such a wise dating coach wheres YOUR wife?
Why is the closest you will ever come to dating a woman is paying for her onlyfans if you know and have accepted this life advice and are trying to pass it off to more people as if it worked for you?
You have beaten yourself with "improooving" and you are still a incel collecting cartoon porn and pictures of random thots.
I never said I had a gf. In sports, the best coaches usually aren't athletic enough to be elite in their sport. Coach K is like 5'10 but is considered one of, if not the best college basketball coach of all time. That doesn't mean he would be good at playing the game. Understanding the game, what it takes to be good etc. is different from being good at the game. You can't teach someone to be 6'8
people constantly mock you in public when you're trying to express yourself
don't have the means to go live in a remote place within reason
You're a fucking normalshit piece of shit
You don't fucking know shit, and it's showcased by your application of logical fallacy. You're forming a judgement without enough information to possibly form that judgement.
You're so up your own ass that you'd rather jus not answer because there's no way your answer can actually be effective unless you take a wager about the factors or qualities of my life 
but
oh no these people need MY help, unless I must answer something right now that will surely elucidate the proper way for this anon to be happy. It's all up to ME
You are fucking retarded I hope you eat shit
I never said I had a gf
oh ok
opinion discarded
You're clearly neurotic, that's why you get btfo in public. You can't even read what I said without sperging out at me
Why should anyone care about what you say..
You already said yourself you did all this and you're still a incel here >>73147832
I'm a shut in so I never talk to girls irl, when I talk to girls online they usually like me, a lot. Besides, understanding why Chad succeeds, and being Chad are not the same thing. You could have a tall, attractive, dark triad Chad go through his entire life being very romantically successful, and also never have the slightest idea why. It's the same reason the average woman is so vapid. If there's never any pressure to introspect, if you're happy just beeing urself, then why would you ever take a step back and try to see what's 'wrong'
clearly neurotic
Ok
It's not clear to me, why don't you try to post with some kind of fucking standard instead of just
hey it's me (insert your faggot name) and I'm saying this stuff so you know it's automatically true because I'm posting it
You're conflating neuroticism with abnormal behavior dumbass. I try to exercise outside or at the gym and people fucking stare at me and try to get close to me for some reason
I still think you're neurotic, but maybe you have autism too idk. Truth be told, most anons are alone due to mental issues, not looks. Also aggression is unattractive when paired with neuroticism since from the woman's pov it's a tool they can't control without a lot of personal risk, that's why girls love aggressive guys who can also keep their cool
My god anon
Just admit that you can't possibly know what you're fucking talking about within reason
Also, I am neurotic as fuck, but women who are intelligent realize that I am also easy to control if they just give me love and affection
Sadly, only older women understand this, because young women are fucking stupid
I hope you get raped by a pack of wolves, and then a bear comes along and scares them off and starts raping you too
and also never have the slightest idea why
Because theyre 6'3 feet tall and have a good face
Thats why.
Theres nothing deeper there women are ready to date a serial child rapist if he has good facial features.
Theres no amount of stepping back and self reflecting that will ever make your spine grow another foot and make your face reconstruct itself.
You can see this in your own case.
You chugged that bluepill thinking its just you doing something wrong and it didnt really do anything.
You're still the same ugly manlet who still gets 0 pussy even after trying to copy how Chad talks and trying to understand how Chad thinks because its totally his pick up lines that get him all the girls right?
Just admit that you can't possibly know what you're fucking talking about within reason
Also, I am neurotic as fuck
Kek
Even a broken clock is right twice a day
But hey, if I can contribute to you being logically fallacious and contribute to you being legitimately incapable of proper thought, then I'm glad to do it
I imagine that you're weak as fuck physically, and for whatever reason are incapable of remedying that, so you have put a lot of confidence into what you perceive as intelligence because it makes you feel better
only one example of a match
it's a black woman
Anon stop, the people on this board are delusional enough to actually believe this happens.
Meh, sex isn't special. I was like you guys but it feels worse than masturbating or head unless I'm making her whimper in pain.
