Who bisexual here
Literally the best orientation. If it doesn't work out with girls I can always just get a bf easily. It's like pokemon emerald of orientations where you can just have both
I only date women, but sometimes when I'm extra horny I'll fool around with guys. Grindr dudes are really easy. You just flash your cock and they're begging to come over.
 admits "bisexuality" is literally just a "expanding cuz u can't get a gf" mental illness
classic LGBTard
its like the pokemon emerald of orientations
yeah i agree gen 3 is pretty gay
Was that not already obvious?
it is obvious to anyone with a functioning brain it's just funny that they post shit like this and somehow STILL don't realize their mental illness
Doesn't seem mentally ill. They're just taking advantage of how guys put out a lot easier than girls do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtsqciPLwfU [Embed]
Literally the best orientation.
I used to think the opposite because of Western culture, but now I'm thinking more like you say. Although no, I'm not bisexual, I'm straight.
It's like pokemon emerald of orientations where you can just have both
kek
I started hitting out every single guy i talk to and it works wonders while boosting their confidence
I'm not bi but I'm into trans women as well as cis women, I'm not sure what the term for that is. Not attracted to regular dudes whatsoever.
Why yes, spending life with perpetual FOMO when you pursue either sex is based.
"trans women" are men, so that makes you, in fact, a faggot.
Well I'm also into cis women so faggot + straight = bi, bare minimum, they teach you that in school
I still cringe when i remember my homofobic phase untill i realized i'm a bissexual and like getting topped or fucking twinks
Bullshit
I can't talk to guys either
That's some next level autism, anon.
You literally just need to go
Hey bro, looking hot. You wanna suck this cock?
*sends dick pic*
It's not like with women. You don't need game, just some sort of planning on where you'll meet up to get your dick sucked.
Liking penis gives men power over women.
Inlike penis butni dont like men so i sucks
So hook up with trannies then.
I can always just get a bf easily
If you're cute or ripped, I guess. I can't and I'm not even overweight.
Just do steroids then. Although I don't think looks are even all that necessary. They're guys like you and just want to relieve sexual tension. If you hit on a hundred of them in rapid succession one of them will suck your dick.
Well upon actually reading the fucking thread like I probably should have it seems everyone is just talking about hookups anyway, which isn't really what I want. I'd like to at least know the guy a little beforehand if we still can't date and are just fooling around. I've talked to a few local-ish guys from /soc/ and they say I'm too cagey or neurotic or when I thought we were finally getting along the latest one suddenly said "sorry, it's not worth meeting up". We never even get to the point of exchanging pics. I'm really not asking for a perfect femboy/twink or whatever, some other dweeb like me would be fine if he weren't morbidly obese, I mostly just want to feel comfortable around him.
Shit take faggot retard
It's like pokemon emerald of orientations where you can just have both
bruh really just said it like that
Grindr dudes are really easy. You just flash your cock and they're begging to come over.
unironically. ive had guys practically begging for me to come over after exchanging nudes.
litterally just a tranny.
You mean OP is a tranny?
He just sounds like a prison gay guy who gets bjs from men when girls aren't available.
yes, tell him to go join the other faggots and trannies in their containment thread.
I'm a fag but i think i want to date women, men are horrible. I'd rather just get a girl pregnant and have a few kids, go fishing and stuff. 
most of the gay community is just softcore trans anyways.
most of the gay community is just softcore trans anyways
I always thought it was funny how gays basically just reinvented heterosexual relationships with feminine bottoms and masculine tops. And the popularization of trannies made that trend even more extreme with feminine gay males literally growing tits and dressing up like girls and fully bringing it all back to male / female relations again.
we barely managed to replicate them with the top bottom dynamic, its like 1 top for 9 bottoms, and even the tops are faggy as hell
