Nonwhites getting brutally MOGGED by white CHAD on daily basis lol
Every incel including you gets mogged by Chad, I really wish racebaiting autists would stop it with the bullshit already
Whites to asians are what niggers are to whites
Its a shame we have to share the bell curve with these bullies
I honestly consider sometimes not going outside ever again to limit the potential of getting emasculated like this.
Sorry anon but nobody will ever care about white male suicide. The only thing you can do is seethe online while everyone laughs at your peers killing themselves lmfao
Realistically, how tall/heavy do you have to be to avoid this happening to you?
I have heard that squatting and curling into something more compact can make it impossible for someone even above your weightclass to lift you.
Lmaooo
1. That sounds like BS.
2. That assumes you can see it coming, which isn't the case in either of the webms.
What a fucking asshole, he had that stupid brad look on his face
Lmao mogged
Sounds like a cope. My suburban neighborhood was 80% white just 10 years ago. Nowadays it's 45% white and I see 5'4" latino men with 3 or 4 kids everywhere. The country is turning into Brazil and you are laughing cause some webm made some losers on the internet mad.
The clean up the pest.
Lol
this is what the government spends money on? clearly obvious attempts to rile up white people to commit shootings in order to justify their funding? Pathetic man, truly pathetic.
The entire country is 55% white, idiot.
It's real, get over it. We breed you crackers 24/7, your lily white neighborhoods turn black gradually as we take over. Soon there ain't nobody on this earth with pure white bloodline after we bred your bitches.
Kek literal chimps
African men are more masculine than European boys. Every mulatto has a black father. The dominant Mendelian dark features always assume top position over weak white recessive features.
You should be biggest opposition to this.
Imagine global Zimbabwe.
All the starvation because you nigs are terrible at efficient farming.
I'm pretty sure cannibalism and slavery will soon follow once average IQ drops under 80.
You'll remember those fine days when whites were around fondly.
Assuming you'll survive and won't end up in a pot of course.
"White male suicide is funn-AAAAAACK!"
73140754
Kek keep coping anon white male suicide will always be hilarious to all of society
God, it's hot.
How much do I need to pay to get treated like that by 2-3 cute girls.
Maybe get forced to lick their feet and apologize for existing.
Mmmm...
