another day's over, I'm here again making another thread. still a neet with no job, no degree and no gf. still feel like shit. still getting the chest pains.
life is difficult. when I say to others that I have a problems, everyone always has something to say and even somehow has a "solution". people think life is easy for everyone. when I say I don't have a job, they say stuff like; it's easy, just do whatever you want. you'll eventually find a good job. there's no good job. I haven't met anyone that loves their job. it's rare that people like their job. and also doing whatever you want usually doesn't get you any money. when I say I don't have a gf and only have few friends, they say stuff like; go out more, be more social, you'll meet new people. well, I tired but no luck. people won't just come to me then I step outside. everyone gives me empty advices that has no vaule whatsoever. I wish people just shut up when they have nothing to say.
tell me anons, why people talk too much when they have nothing to say?
previous thread: >>73129327 
also I think I'm gonna use another image for next posts. I haven't decided what to use really. maybe this one idk
hey you should totally stick to using tomoko for your pics, try this one or something idk
literally same here tho i am tired of people autopiloting to saying "but it'll get better!" and other retarded shit like that. i don't want to socialize. i don't want to get a job. i don't want to "pick up a new skill" or anything. i just wanna sulk alone in front of the computer and rot away and eventually finally die of heart failure.
you should totally stick to using tomoko
maybe I'll use my same pic
people autopiloting to saying "but it'll get better!"
yep, it gets really annoying after a while
i don't want to socialize. i don't want to get a job.
I tried those, nothing changed in the end.
i just wanna sulk alone in front of the computer and rot away and eventually finally die of heart failure.
same
why people talk too much when they have nothing to say? 
Because I want to contribute to the conversation despite being boring as sin...
