No male role model in my life at all.
Internet father is an actual terms because young men that are fucked are looking for their mentors
Some flock to Andrew Tate for some reason kek.
Hamza seems like a grifter, and he seems full of shit, but he compensates with commentary and some actual useful advice, but he seems to be doing it mostly for the money with his persona.
I guess I can't blame him, you have to grind.
What do you think of Cole Hastings?.
are you kidding rn bro? this is like asking which pornstar is your internet gf. They are all just in it for the money, they don't know you and don't give a fuck about you, they'll do/say whatever brings in the bux
Yea, guess I better ignore every self help book, hospital, video, because they want to make money and not just waste hours doing bullshit.
Do you understand how a transaction or a trade works?
Has been happening since the beginning.
Well that's not these guys. These guys do want to waste your time because it's how they make money
It's obvious they don't know jack shit about anything, they recycle the same bullshit over and over for desperate people 
So basically your ideology just boils down to Shia Leboof and Nike Ads saying "Just Do It".
People have been rehashing the same things since the beginning of time.
James Clear, Atomic Habits, same bullshit about forming habits presented in a different way, and now he's asked to share his info with pro athletes and Fortune 500 companies.
It's all bullshit I guess, maybe I should just hit the gym.
For me it's Sergey Nazaroz
so just read the habit book and be done with it
why do you need to simp for these gays
unironically jreg. got into his stuff at a really vulnerable time in my life and based like half my personality off of his ideas, especially from his earlier work. the results of his influence arent as obvious these days but i would not be the person i am today without him, for the better and for the worse
David Myatt best e-daddy
saw some gerbert johnson posting earlier today
now this faggot?
https://youtu.be/n7v7HvNjm5E [Embed]
dude born with good genes selling regurgitated basic self help garbage to subhumans, many such cases!
men are so pathetic kek loooool
You're just starting to gain political power in modern history, since forever you were breeding cattle, or you opened your legs for invades after they razed your men's lands.
Today we are pathetic.
But never forget your roots.
Because all of life cannot be summed up in one books, that's why their are millions of books, on living a healthy life regardless of gender.
Ah, you must be a Jew.
Post nose.
I don't donate or anything, I enjoy content that makes me feel I have a chance, and if they give me hope then they can receive ad revenue.
You're either a macho man who is stoic and nothing bothers or a foid.
If I like any youtber or any motivational speaker, or any person someone looks up to they're simping?
You prefer I watch fortnite or Amouranth on Twitch?
Maybe you need to find a thread with the OP being an obese male larping as a fembot getting all the (you)s.
Based
Origamini
