had successful ldrs with some girls
never smoked
never got drunk
never did drugs or weed
never harrassed a woman either online or offline
never asked for nudes
never forced myself on a girl
have varied interests
Why the hell am I still stuck in this cesspitt of junkies and coomers? The only reason i haven't ascended to normiehood is that I've been neglected my whole life and I'm subjected to episodes of manic-depression. Okay, I'll admit being 168cm short sucks, but you can find shorter girls still.
Because the cold, hard truth is that you're not supposed to succeed despite doing everything society tells you to do, and since you are a male you are a perpetual threat despite never having done any of the things that men in power do to women.
You are simply a drone who needs to make rich people richer through production and consumption.
Okay, I'll admit being 168cm short sucks
It's over for you, the new dating culture that takes place on apps means that women can spreadsheet statcheck you, you're simply a genetic dead-end in the eyes of society and women have collectively made the choice to reject you from ever finding love.
Btw you're an incel and literally criminal if you think that this world is unfair to you.
All the girls who were with me said my height isn't a big deal
ldrs
cuck
Because the cold, hard truth is that you're not supposed to succeed despite doing everything society tells you to do
It's really not that you're "supposed" to fail, more like you lack the amount of luckiness / skillset required to overcome the barriers a large chunk of society has placed on you. The latter can be solved through dedication and the former is just unfortunate. A blackpill to the majority here
not keeping your gf chained to a wall so you can check on her 24/7
Cuck
Girls are masters at acting nice and polite. 
They do this all the time, say that you're sweet, kind, intelligent and that your physical detriments aren't a big deal then go get pounded by chads or rich assholes who treat them like shit and they LOVE them.
They won't love you, no matter what you do, their biological imperatives are just too powerful and easily override their virtue-signalling.
What chronic porn addiction does to a mf
Weird strawman to cope with the fact that you think ringing a girls discord notifications while chad is ringing her clit irl is a 'relationship'
Weird strawman to cope with the fact that you never leave your mom's basement
Found the e-gf cuck kek
seethe more
im 158cm and i paid for a hooker when i was 15 as i had a right hindsight that im a genetic deadend
You're literally supposed to fail, it's not even up for debate.
When a working class person is born, their fate has already been sealed in stone, they will live the rest of their lives with the singular goal of making rich people richer.
The system obviously allows some with the right skills and aptitudes to enter the league of the elites, otherwise the system would fall apart like feudal monarchies, but in most cases you are likely to just be a slave for all your life.
If you're docile and able to sit still and study dilligently you are classified as "smart" and able to get a good paying job, if you're docile but not that good at studying you're relegated to trades or slave labour in warehouses or supermarkets.
If you're not docile but see through this bullshit you're the worst kind of person there is, you won't be welcome in polite society and you will be left to rot in your house.
Women are used as a form of social capital, they will be offered to you as a reward if you're financially stable and obey the system and the pretty ones will naturally fall upwards towards the economic elite since women love wealthy men more than anything.
Yes because women haven't culturally spent the last couple of decades trying to lecture decent and honest men on how to behave because they had bad experiences from fucking and dating shitty human beings.
But yeah, you're an incel and addicted to porn if you point that out.
