read this and literally every problem of yours will be solved
I'm good bro. I have Jesus.
i read it when i was 12 and thought it was the most retarded shit ever even back then
a book that values flesh over spirit. I'll pass
man you really do hate yourself
read it again, larper
i did read it, it ended with some anglo poem or something, don't remember, it was alright but it's just the same shit you find in satanism
Such as?
thats a shallow read, comparing two self-centered philosophies which only have this one aspect in common is quite plain
i don't remember it word for word, but something about how there's no rules, a lot of shit about empowering ourselves something you'd find in nietzsche's writing, life is constant struggle and domination, how we're all alone in the end, you know typical satanic shit
Imagine thinking these are "satanist" ideas. 
Nigga you can't just call "things I dislike" satanism.
Sounds like a 14 years old epiphany. I pass.
read entry level satanic books, they're all about how hyper individualism, lack of rules, how incentives are real and morals are fake, etc...
So now incels are using religion to cope?
Lmao
and thats about 99% of ideologies, but you dont call a reactionary a satanist
that's not true what are you on about, other ideologies have real ideals and aim beyond the self
and they arent correct, people are uneasy when they cant do as they please because of preestablished principles that are beyond their control and against their nature, cuck
Lmao what would that be? Judging by your definition, any book besides the bible would be satanist 
Are you sure you're not just a butthurt christfag angry that there's a book that doesn't bow down to the jew god?
yeah i should have guessed, die a violent death
kek, the christcuck will always find a way to avoid argument over the jewishness of their lord, like clockwork
No wonder they're easily impressed by garbage.
laveyan "satanism" is full on edgy larp, bastard
stirner mogs the satanist
If you look at the satanic church you'll realize that they were pervasive liars. The whole point of Halloween and satanic imagery being friendly to you is a lure so that you'll join them and get sacrificed on their alter.
cuck, you dont know what satanism even is. the church of satan isnt even true satanism, you prob dont even know what the goetia is. fucking christccucks man
Stirner
Meme philosopher and literal cuckold
Rand
Hypocritical Jewess who lionized psychopathic behavior.
Miserable incel who wrote pretty power fantasies.
All terrible. Atheists need better heroes.
You worship a kike on a stick.
but i dont hold them as heroes, like a religiousfag like you would, they said good shit, but they arent... god! of course they wouldnt be as pious as a man whose life was carefully written to portray him as flawless, stupid
What is Might? What does it mean to survive? Surely our physical bodies will die, but what lives on?
Christ is mightier than all of the power and influence of Rome. His ideas and his philosophy outlived the Roman Empire and Judea.
https://youtu.be/INq-6gakSao?t=80 [Embed]
christ was a weak man who only talked and died on a stick.
What is Might?
whatever you want to do
to create offspring and leave a mark in history, making your legacy survive forever
christ was a weak man who only talked and died on a stick.
People remember Christ but few remember the Roman General that destroyed Carthage.
Then Christ is mighty. He lives eternal.
to create offspring and leave a mark in history, making your legacy survive forever
so he is no different than men
Then Christ is mighty. He lives eternal.
so he is no different than men
influencing people with your made up bullshit and them accepting because they are as retarded as you doesnt make you look good
you worship a jew lmao
influencing people with your made up bullshit and them accepting because they are as retarded as you doesnt make you look good
How do you know it's made up bullshit? Why do you think this book isn't made up bullshit that's influencing your thinking? >>73142417 (OP)
He was fully man and fully divine. He had two natures.
https://youtu.be/INq-6gakSao?t=280 [Embed]
because its non fiction you brainfuck it isnt telling a story you cumbrain
So do you
this is le christcuck mindset
As a Jew it's very funny reading these threads.
This isn't non-fiction. It's telling you a moral story. It's addling your brain in the same way you claim religious texts addle the brain of the devoutly religious.
sad, you were born 2023 years late, these guys would worship you instead
its telling you in such a way to resemble an epic, as your cuckbrain cant tell
Your satanist-addled brain can't tell Non-Fiction from Fiction.
your pic just proves how retarded and sheep brained you people are
how is stirner a cuckold? nigga fucked more than you and treated his woman like trash which was based. you'll never be cool as stirner bro
The ultimate liar lies about a lie. If Jesus was a lie the lie would have only been told once. Every Satanist, agnostic an atheist will lie endlessly and indefinitely to be at peace with the present narrative. Has a Christian ever forced you to go to church despite its certain demise?
and with all of that he still dedicated the book for the love of his life. absolutely based
Might makes right is false. The species that survive the best are adaptable, not strong. No matter how strong you are, if your environment changes and you're too stubborn to change according to it, then you'll die. Ants aren't mighty by any means, but because of how perfectly they respond to nearly every environmental change, they barely evolve since there's no need for it.
TL;DR: Adapt and overcome > Might makes right
they adapt because of the will to live, that might still keeps them alive. now you only have to act the "right" according to your will, as you will already reproduce by the might alone
They fucking would if they could
So does that mean I have to learn to code or something? Or will those jobs be replaced by A.I and robots? What careers should I look for that won't be replaced and that isn't dogshit? I'm desperate for a good career.
Also false. Animals adapt out of evolutionary entropy. No amount of will to live can prevent the strongest-willed gecko from starving to death if there just isn't any food to eat due to a locust swarm. Only the geckoes that just so happened to have mutations that help them survive a famine will pass on their genes, not those who wanted to live the most.
Human beings are not so far off from animals. Give an animal a very comfortable environment and there will be no need to adapt, like the ants. Are you really that desperate for a good career? I'm poor as fuck because I work part time, but that's my choice because I don't feel the need to hoard money that I wouldn't use anyways. Our consciousness perceives an illusion of an unstable environment, even though our real environment is incredibly comfortable, and our unconscious knows that, and so it prevents us from pursing ambitions. But how important are your ambitions to you? Seriously reflect yourself on this, personally I just realized that I was bored with my usual hobbies like video games, so in order to avoid boredom I'm making video games instead. They're all unfinished projects but that doesn't matter to me, I'm just having fun experimenting, maybe one day I'll make some finished product, but it's not the end goal, and in a world where everything is arbitrary, end goals aren't worth pursuing, they're just cherries on top.
Housing is getting expensive, food prices are rising, and it will be harder for us to live in the future even with part time or regular jobs. I work in a warehouse and I obviously can't rent alone or have my own house like back in the day. What the fuck am I supposed to do? I just want a career that has job security and pays at least 50-60k a year but that's too much to ass nowadays in this economy.
Just two thousand more years fellow christcuck, he's coming back I swear to you
bullshit, the strong willed will always find a way. they are exceptional men, which is why you treat them in a general sense. you know that guy who fell in a cliff and got a rock over his arm? if he didnt have such a great will to live he would never have done so. in the first world war, hitler could have died many times, even out of the war, but he kept going because he was mighty, your reductionism is false
I live in (french)canada and the inflation there is one of the worst in the world, yet I still can afford my small apartment working a trades job (and I have a lower salary than my colegues due to lack of experience). I'm a few hundred dollars over my budget so I can even afford some small luxuries. Maybe I'm just more content with little than most people, I even seriously considered going homeless or living in a van, which would get rid of so many expense for an even comfier lifestyle. Other people tell me I'm crazy for living this way and that one day it'll all come crumbling down, but I'm just not seeing that happening any time soon even with all the inflation. I'm well over my budget and even if I were to lose my job I can safely be homeless thanks to the research I've done on that. I mean if Diogenes did it then anyone can. Seems to me like you're just overreacting, or maybe I'm really just a freak. But it is freaks within a species that survive calamities, they're mutated compared to the normies after all.
When it comes to animals, there's no such thing as willpower, only instinct. Take for example pic rel, it wasn't "the will to live" that made the rat swim for much longer than usual, it was the knowledge and experience that something would save it. When it comes to human beings, the same can be said with a caveat: Belief. Even without knowledge or experience, human beings can have hope in something they have no tangible reason to hope in. Which is why Hitler killed himself when the third reich failed. His last sliver of hope died, and so did he.
Nah you're right. I'm overreacting, no one really gives a shit about me anyways. I complained and whined all my life and it never got me anywhere. Maybe republicans and improvebrahs were right, it's only up to me to make my life better and not wallow in pity. I'm gonna work hard next week and the other week and not spend so much, if this plan doesn't work i'll probably off myself or be homeless too.
No they're wrong, and I'm not advocating for that. I don't work hard, at all. I spend 20 hours a week doing unboxings, recycling and sometimes repairing water pumps while listening to music and podcasts. That's not hard work, and yet I'm rewarded for it with tons of free time to do whatever I want. In fact I have so much free time I was seriously considering working full time just to get rid of boredom, but I don't like my job that much to do that. I suggest you do some research on Diogenes, this greek nigga btfo'd all the philosophers of his time and even Alexander the great. You don't need to sigma grind your ass to be happy in life, if anything that's what will makes you more of a rotten husk than you already are. The only problem I had before was that I barely had any social interactions, so I just said fuck it and went from bar to bar looking for the comfiest one, until I got drunk with some people and became friends with them. A month later I lost my virginity and got a girlfriend who didn't give a fuck how poor (and cheap) I am. If you don't like reading or watching videos on Diogenes then I'd recommend you the game Cruelty Squad. Don't fall for the CEO mindset, things don't have to be the way you perceive them to be. Have fun, and remember, everything is arbitrary. Integer vitae scelerisque purus.
Thanks man, I appreciate the advice. I'll try to have some fun in life from time to time. I just hope things get better eventually.
