ahahahaha can you imagine being white
start going bald at 14
hairy disgusting dad body
despite this still the most feminine race
automatic virgin cuck
depressed and suicidal entire life
get cancer from the sun
anxious, weak, and sickly
ugly sickly skin color
always anxious and triggering flight response 
lowest energy of any race 
ahahahahaha fuck i would kill myself if i was white. i would rather be in the jungle than white.
Samuel; we know its you. Get off your iPhone.
brownoid still seething about BWC domination
Lol
Lmao
This guy is rich and could have gotten a transplant like Mayweather, but he doesn't care
Whiteoids and American negroids have the worst hair genetics
Seriously Samuel. We know its you. 
Always at the same time. Shut the fuck up and stop flooding the board.
porn addicted white boi obsessing over cocks again
why are whites so homosexual and filthy
All women serve the BWC. Cope more browncel.
Then why cant you breed? You were the only demographic with more deaths than births kek.
Lol
Lmao
No kek actually
Thats because uhhhh they are just desired so much they cant decide which girl to fuck because they just have sooo many options ok?
ethnics prop up all of Europes birthrates
Yours are even lower mate. Bye bye walking fossil.
Cope and kys, you statistically will lmao.
Not Korean, but it gives me great joy that white boys cant breed.
creepier than his creepy wife
big smiles around everything .. "encouragement"
zero interest in it
send explosives to ukraine for the idiots
play with your toy soldiers marching up and down
uk is idiot.
the investment black hole
money into the uk? no way
they are violent propagandized unskilled 
they hate culture.
'norh korea' but north korea is functional
the royals are there to betray people
they destroy people it is what they do
this whole 'schitzo fest' is for the war machine for destroying people. william is a lazy idiot , a failure an unqualified illiterate "elite"
the uk is set for a depression. the bank of england doesn't see anything "prepare" "be poor" the worst performing economy in the world (but "busy") for a reason. they are primitive shit. they despise progress. they annihilate engineers. charlie and his son are liars, frauds, people without honor. The biggest mistake you will make is dealing with a brit. they will steal your money. you do not exist to them
"hateland"
his haircut is the one he got aged 12.
they do not develop.
Seethe more. Whites conquered and enslaved you lol.
Lmfao you really love to see it. They can breed so they're killing themselves in droves each day.
imagine saving these on your pc just to coerce yourself while sitting in the dark alone all day trying reaffirm yourself. 
a virgin with no friends.
