She is a year above me. It makes me seethe
except they dont chinkcel
Why would you get mad when ricecels get a gf? I love an underdog story, it's like a homeless man becoming a CEO.
I don't know but I'm grateful for it every day
Under 18 gtfo
Also anon what the fuck are you talking about white girls in Sydney are the most stuck up cunts into arabs and tradies, not chang
And if youre white and not ugly and at least 5'5" asian women should fall out of trees for you
That isn't a zoomer girl. That's a roastie millenial whore. This is a "zoomer girl" is fucks ugly gooks wasting her aryan genes. I'm not a gook u faggot
the only white Australian girl worth anything left Sydney in 1994
Unbelievable..... I should go punch a shortcel chink on the the way to school
i wasnt even gonna post ITT but lmao the instant seethe from YTs.
dont worry, YT boi - us K-Chads are only interested in Kacey
Again why would you be mad? Ricecels are the most oppressed humiliated race in history, it's like getting mad when the poor kid born in the ghetto to a single mother gets into college. Why would you be mad when a lowly oppressed member of society ascends?
It goes against nature
How? You have to be mentally ill if you get mad and lower status people improving their condition in life.
I'm gonna end having to SEAmaxx with ugly filipino chinks. And I don't want to create a hapa monstrosity. Only the white chads get the korean and chinese girls.
(Viet) Azn genes from azn (Viet) men is doing the YTs a favor, anyway.
You can improve your personality and go to the gym instead.
well groomed
hairless
fashionable
Women like hairless men?
However will Asian bros cope?
Not true at all, I'm a Filipino-hapacel and for some reason Korean girls are the only girls that like me. I don't even get filipinas that often.
Still lower than white for both obviously ^^
lucky chong, she looks fine as fuck
Zoomer white girls were made for pushing out Korean babies
Korean's kpoop and kdrama propaganda has legitimately have brainwashed millions of zoomer western girls
Imagine fucking her while shes preggo and milk squirts out of her tits all over your face haha
Its even more extreme in Japan. Japanese girls are literally crying out for Korean cock. Its funny, I think Japan giving their women to Korean men and Korea giving their women to Japanese men would solve their birth rates. Jap girls all want Korean bfs and Korean feminists need to be out in their place as comfort women for Japanese men again.
Korean Women are the best. We're not giving them to nobody else.
Japanese QTs can come take BKC though.
Jap women are built for Korean cock
Japanese Women will learn Korean and speak it too, while they recieve KBC.
i hate asians so much. i wish you freaks and your bug women would go back to where you came from.
PING DING LING LING LONG CHING CHONG fried rice you fuckers
They already are. Korean lessons are more popular in Japan than English lessons. This Japanese girl said she was crying because she had to go back to Japan.
Very based. Japanese QTs talking in Korean and taking KBC.
Cause many Asian men are very nice guys, I've been wingman for my Asian friend plenty of times. The well dressed fellow in your pic is probably better for her than you
thats cuz korean guys are fucking hot. im obsessed with them too. taking korean dick is all i think about day in day out. 
if i had the opportunity to live there, i 100% would. unfortunately im a broke college student.
You will get a rude awakening when you realize they dont all look like kpop idols
A lot of them K-pop max now so there's plenty to choose from
duh, im not expecting them all to look like idols. but i watched seoul vlogs on youtube and i would say i found at least 70% of regular korean guys on the street attractive.
shes literally perfect in that first photo. is she on any socials?
yeah but its a sekrit
Understandable, admiring from a distance. Thanks anon!
GIWTWMAM 
(god i wish that were me and nyeongie)
;__;
stop posting sui fuel im gonna kermit
just realized i misspelt this kek 
im retarded :(
Ok this is cute and wholesome why should I care? I'm more mad when white women fuck primitive African niggers.
Can you explain why? According to the 4chan asian men are disgusting to women, but for some reason many girls here in France like Korean guys. What is the appeal. Is it male gaze vs female gaze or what?
Asian genes are very strong
That kid looks straight up Inuit
Good. Asian genes are superior.
This is why racemixing is a mistake for whites. White genes are almost always recessive. Yeah you might get the odd quapa with blue eyes or whatever, but that doesnt change the fact mixed kids tend to take after the ethnic parent, 99% of the time. Central Asia for instance unironically used to be full of blonde blue eyed whites. Then they got raped by the Mongols and now they all look Asian.
wtf i have that hair cut
idk, they just activate a switch in my brain and vagina 
all i know is i want nyeongie to put at least 15 children in me &lt;3
if nyeongie physically dies, soohyun is my backup husbando btw 
time to masterbate and sleep &lt;/3
Goodnight fembotto. Hope you find the Korean man of your dreams one day.
they're better than you
Name?!?! Who is she
It depends on the culture. Here in the US asian men are reviled and hated, niggers are king. But in europe the bmwf is a lot less common. Thats because the cultires are different and what is considered attractive is different.
Girls are attracted to primarily whay the media tells them to be attracted towards
Why would anyone want American girls?They are all fat and stink of shit. Nigs can have them.
Women are extremely impressionable, especially as teenagers. K-pop and anime are massively popular and their target demographic is teenagers, it's really not complicated. Basically, women are retarded
Kill all chinks. Burn the lot of 'em
So why do incels get angry when you tell them the only reason they have yellow fever is because of tranime
Same reason koreaboos get mad when you tell them the only reason they like koreans is because of k-pop. No one likes their vapidity and retardedness to get so plainly exposed like that
I disagree. I was talking to a girl and she told me she liked Asian men since she could remember, like literally since she was 3 or something. I have met guys who liked Asian girls even before any exposure to Asian media.
Exceptions to a rule don't disprove it. The vast majority of women who are into asian guys also 'happen' to be into kpop and/or anime. Just like the vast majority of guys who are into japanese girls also 'happen' to be into anime. Also many people with a fetish caused by environmental factors influencing them during their most impressionable years will often lie about the cause so their partner doesn't feel insecure
I think you are mixing up cause and effect. I know a ton of people who watch anime and arent attracted to Asians. Likewise I know normies who listen to kpop but dont date Asians. People who like Asians and Asian culture are obviously going to seek out and consume Asian media more, which is why there is a correlation between both. Nobody starts watching anime and suddenly becomes attracted to Asians. I think you are coping, honestly.
Highly doubtful itt. Usually what happens is someone becomes an outcast in the west, then they idealize east asian media, then they fetishize the race that produces it, largely because of the idealized and fake representations of that race within the media niche. It's not a coincidence that the average weeb and koreaboo are significantly more mentally ill than the average western, since in many cases the precondition for their fetish was being an outcast in the first place
Oh, you are the white coper from the previous thread, who started screeching about how Asian women love you when you were debunked.
Seems like someone just cant accept that Asian people are attractive :)
lmao, did he really?
Why are white genes so weak when it comes to mixing? Is it because we are like pure elves in LOTR that get defiled by the lesser races? There must be some studies on this.
Yeah, there was another thread about Korean guys dating white girls and he started saying UM AKSHUALLY ITS DA MEDIA BRAINWASHING PEOPLE TO LIKE ASIANS. Then when people started making fun of him and calling him dumb he went full reeeee mode and started talking about how Asian girls are all over him and he totally slays Asian pussy bro. Kek. Just a typical mayo Chudcel who seethes over KMWF. Ignore it.
I've also noticed that in America giga jacked steroid monkeys are seen as high appeal, while skinny men are reviled whilst here in Europe women prefer lean/skinny men. Maybe that's why blacks do good in America, they fit the standard of big and muscular.
but men of Numenor are half-elven
jesus, thats sad. nobody even mentioned white boys. why are they so insecure and narcissistic that they feel the need to insert their schizo opinion into everything, kek.
fellow Chud here.
K-Chads date K-Stacies. best you'll get is some nerdy Kim Soo
Anime is considered normie in 2023.
you have to be big and muscular cus the dark ones jump you. its a necessary trait
KMWF makes them seethe more than any other pairing, they literally start frothing at the mouth in rage. Its hilarious.
listen up. K-Chads TALK about you with K-Stacey.
Keep coping anon, pretending like the other person is angry after you got btfo is lazy and unoriginal. Also venting your anger at me in another thread after I btfo you is typical of pussy asian behavior. How about venting your anger in the proper context instead of running to another thread, you're unironically pathetic 
Anime is popular, I never denied that
Let me share with you a secret (that you might already know). In Australia, the chainist/Viet/HongKong/Whatever asian triad is the one who's supplying drugs to the cuntry. Zoomer girls come to drug suppliers like flies to scheisse. Recently there's been alot of fentanyl vials in the australian ug market....the asian mafia handles it all.
this is for your own good
https://english.hani.co.kr/arti/english_edition/e_national/1056632.html#:~:text=According%20to%20the%20results%20of,sexual%2C%20emotional%2C%20or%20financial%20violence
Didnt read, you come in every KMWF thread and seethe for no reason at all. Compensating for something buddy? :)
hes based for his seethe. literally read >>73147122
No, I'm sick of you retards shitting up this board with your delusional copes, you deserve to be utterly btfo 
Thanks Stormy, you are the most based asian here itt
Women love violent men, why are you trying to make Korean men seem more attractive?
You are the only one coping by writing your armchair psychology thesis on human attraction kek. I wont stop riding white horses, and your little sister still fingers herself to Jin, go cry about it.
imagine falling for K-Chads charm and good looks, and he traps you and takes your money and abuses you.
backed by stats. why do you think Korean Women's rights are so huge right now?
and did you ever watch 90 day Fiance? that Korean dude turned out to be a complete bum.
lol no they dont. why are u so troll
You will never be Korean, Stormy.
Just be Korean is VIBRANIUM LAW
if you disagree you are coping and probably a balding mayo manlet JFL
that study includes (((emotional violence))), which can include raising your voice or telling a woman to wash the dishes, come on now.
oh come on, that was literally years ago.
my apex Kacey friend says im 100% Korean so ha ha ha.
it is. for Koreans.
breh, shit is no joke. watch The Glory, and watch that drunk Korean beat his wife, its realistic.
You will never be Asian. You are a white incel from Texas.
besides. i supported WMAF and we all know how that turned out - Chads got snatched up quick and the Chuds keep trying to ride in on his coattails.
so i stopped.
Have you noticed white boys always try to derail the subject when a thread upsets them? Whats up with that?
You literally post racebait threads almost daily to cope. I would stop violating you mentally if you stopped shitting up this board with your retarded threads, don't subject other people to your mental illness 
I saw a theory that the reason feminism is so weak in korea is because they developed so fast after the korean war, same reason the family businesses like samsung are still so powerful there. It's sort of weird because they have an advanced economy, but really dated gender norms and relations, except in that women are expected to work. Also saw that's why their fertility rate is so low recently. Basically women are expected to have full time jobs while also doing a lot of the caretaker roles which stay at home moms did in the past
No one cares mayocel. You will never breed.
Make fun of other races
I Sleep
its racebait!!!!
Keep coping incel
Make positive thread of other races
race bait
I Sleep
Kinda makes u think
Its a side effect of KMWF.
The effects of seeing KMWF include 
shaking
And finally
headaches
And finally
panic attacks 
And finally
unexplained rage 
And finally
jitteriness/agitation 
And finally
blonde rage 
And finally
seizures
And finally
foaming at the mouth 
And finally
cardiac arrest 
And finally
shock
And finally
This syndrome overwhelmingly affect males of Caucasian descent. 
KMWF kills the Chud. Proceed to post with caution.
Meant to say write blind rage. 
But I guess blonde rage is accurate in describing white boys.
There's a difference between bantering about race and obsessively posting race bait threads. No one wants to see your incessant, mentally ill coping. How would you feel it I posted WMAF race bait threads daily, it's annoying at best
post them. i'll BTFO every one
White sister, you seem to be suffering from KMWF induced blonde rage. I think you need to see a doctor.
add pale skin to that list
KMWF isnt real, Becky!
K-Chads are strictly Korean Women only.
Not a girl or white, and you will never be Korean. Every time JBK Chad speaks Korean to you, you have no idea what hes saying. Sad mentally ill mayocel Stormy. YWNBK.
I don't post them since I'm not that insecure. Maybe I should start so they see how annoying it is and how much it shits up the board 
Wow le epic troll anon, it's honestly sad how much you want me to feel your level of rage and indignation. If you weren't so pathetic I might actually get mad, I unironically pity you
K-Chads are heroes for denying thirsty Beckies the BKC.
Finally, a group of men standing up to the Becky stranglehold of the western dating scene.
K-Chads are Korean Women only.
cope. I'm a pretty solid K-Chad myself.
do it, scared?
Yep, you will never be Korean Stormy. Seethe cope mald dilate etc.
No amount of samefagging will ever make you Korean, anons. Just give it up.
https://voca.ro/16dd9Qtm7HQz
LMAO. Thats not your voice, retard. Ive heard you speak before and you have a deep retard voice and Texan accent. JBK Chad posted a Korean vocaroo to you and you couldnt understand a word he said. Just give it up and stop with the text to voice larp.
Plus you admitted yourself in previous threads you cant speak basic Korean. Mayos are using AI to larp as Korean on 4chan now, kek.
https://voca.ro/1lKmfdbXdRCK
Cope whiny voiced mayocel. You will never be Korean.
https://voca.ro/1cCIG8sQYTE8
Don't have any WMAF porn saved, but saved this yesterday because I thought it was funny, do your worst
Stopped listening after the first second. You will never be Korean. You are a small dicked, impotent mayocel and always will be. Mald, dilate, rope.
Based.
Stormy is a JBK Chad after all.
https://voca.ro/15p6wpiamiwz
Obvious mayo samefag is samefagging. 
You will never be Korean. Give it up.
Love to see it :)
https://voca.ro/1oNv3smqqPhA
you sound like a jew
She only fucks Korean men. Thoughts?
JBK only applies to fellow Koreans, sorry Becky.
Japanese text in background
She was on vacation. She lives in Korea with her Korean bf. Thoughts?
why does she want to be a DV victim in SK
Does she know the DV hotline in Korea is only for Korean Women?
This is what the average Korean man wakes up to every day. Thoughts?
https://voca.ro/1l0dy2azIQsC
unironically white girls in some very asian-dominated suburbs just end up going to school with a lot of them and those asians are their only option.
and the asian guys aren't so bad in terms of looks/money.
i wonder what she's thinkin
Korean men would never abuse an angel like her. Dont project your incel fantasies onto wholesome couples.
Based. Americanized Asians are generally cancer though. FOBs are best for white girls.
i certainly hope not, DV is terrible, but it IS a big issue in SK.
go to bed mayo monke
;_;
this is the thanks i get
ok mustard mustang
Its funny I actually saw a tiktok where a Korean American guy was complaining that he has no trouble getting white girls but they dont want him when they find out he was raised in the US and has an American accent and mentality. Fob bros, we cant stop winning.
Imagine not being Korean.
KEK. i just got non Fobs canned huh.
Imagine if Korea unified. Our GDP would literally double.
50 million people and we will be the largest economy in the world in 27 years.
just went thru this girl's tiktok....yeah not surprised. this >>73147519 is exactly why.
u arent Korean
Thats because Asian Americans are often severely mentally ill. 
Why would you date a Korean who is just a white Chud on the inside? No point in that. Same when guys expect Asian American girls to be submissive virginal tradwives but turns out they have the personalities of vapid liberal American whores. American culture just ruins everything desu.
KEK. brutal
pick one and only one
absolutely brutal blackpill.
Asian americans are usually much more insecure and mentally ill then the FOBS by a far far margin.
post her tiktok right now faggot 
i wanna coom to those fertile zoomie tits
https://voca.ro/18ucftrn8TPz
Its just my opinion, but AAs are always nutcases. If you are Asian, just stay in Asia and raise your kids there. Dont expose your childrens minds to American cancerous media. No matter what anyone says about Korean/Chinese/Japanese mindsets being toxic, I promise you its nowhere near as cancerous as western ideology.
niqqa i strong asf
I mean can you blame them? They are indoctored to hate themselves since birth. Media tells them they are inferior. Society then repeats those same narrative. Even though objectively they are superior in most metrics to other races.
Asians should stay in Asia. You will be scarred and traumatized growing up in the West with the jealous Mayocels hating on you at every step.
Koreans are dangerously based. 
Most hated groups in Korea according to public opinion poll: 
1. Alcoholic/Addict 
2. Prostitute 
3. Transgender 
4. Smoker 
5. NEET 
6. Otaku 
7. Person with bad credit/debt slave 
8. Video gamer 
9. Migrant worker 
10. Obese 
11. Elderly and poor 
12. Bad student 
13. Ugly woman 
14. Unemployed 
15. North Korean defector 
16. Disabled 
17. Short man
18. Basic livelihood recipient 
19. Divorced single person 
20. Single person 
21. Multicultural family
22. Rural resident/bumpkin 
23. Degree mill, for-profit college student
can you give me some examples of how asians are traumatized?
Brootal. Based tranny and druggie hating Koreans.
Seriously hope you're okay anon. Please don't do anything crazy.
She's really hot though, I can see why you like her :)
the way whites claim jews try to sabotage them. is the way whites try to sabotage asians.
I feel so proud they hate otakus. Roundhouse kick otakus, launch otakus into the sun etc.
You basically are seen as White to the majority of Minorities(Privileged). Thus you are treated as such. Alot of bitterness and jealously stems from other races and people assume you are White aligned. You receive all the negative conantation of being 'White'. While receiving none of the social perk benefits of being one.
It's like you are stuck in this middle ground of Minorities vs Whites.
do korean guys like it when you scream during sex? asking for a friend heh
l0l
i've had sex with a 8/10 nerd Becky who likes K.Flay
i made her scream
tfw not Korean enough for Becky
tfw not Korean enough for Kacey
;_;
do korean guys eat pussy or nah? how about squirting, is that acceptable?
this, vietgirl here. growing up there's a lot of messed up patterns i noticed growing up. people will use my background to hurt me i guess. a lot of resentment is involved. like why was i born?
i had sex with her 6(?) times, maybe more.
she wore a baby blue dress when we met at the Doubletree - my fav, faded memory of her is how she looked in that dress.
on a different day, she said to me
as she looked into my eyes
i didnt eat her vag, no.
Squirting is normal and most guys find it hot. Eating pussy differs from person to person. Old fashioned types probably wont do it because its seen as unmasculine, but younger guys who watch Japanese porn are more down for it. Koreans have a really good sense of smell though, so if youre stinky in any way he will ghost.
t. YT who pretends to be a JBK Chad
huh, intradsating
All men love eating pussy. Even if you find vaginas weird looking or stinky, the pheromones overwhelm you and you gotta stick your tongue into that slimy wet hole.
Kek thank you for the good laugh anon
u r coping so hard lmfao
i sure hope so, i need my clit licky licked
Yeah short guys are Pajeet status in Korea, sorry. You might have more luck in SEA.
its pajeet status everywhere my friend
Just go to SEA. Most of the women there are 4ft tall.
absolutely over jfl
aren't gooks basically northern chinks who are the tallest asians?
absolutly based
As far as I know, Koreans are closer to Tungustic people than the Han Chinese.
which app lets be browse zoomer australian girls?
Lmao. You can have this one.
It's a US vs. everywhere else thing. In the US, white guys still absolutely dominate since most girls are only willing to give them a chance. Less so in Europe, Canada, etc., where they're at least down to give Asian dudes a try, leading to the above scenario. It's still pretty rare in the grand scheme of things.
Imagine being black and hearing this.
I wouldnt associate with this whore cause i know she thinking the same shit about my black ass.
SHit crazy she saying this out in public o.O
Vietbros giving Koreans a run for their money.
https://youtu.be/knW7-x7Y7RE?t=124 [Embed]
I'm dumb, why are video games that high aren't they a very hobby and starting to be socially accepted as a hobby/viable career path there?
White women learned to love BBC from white men.
Low iq retard takes everything he seen on TV and social media and make sweeping generalization on a group of people. Yea, you are dumb.
Nobody in Korea values 'Video Gamers' as someone to be highly looked up too you nigger. It associated with losers incel niggers like urself. The esport oppa u love watching running down mid lane is the 0.0001% minority who made it in a stupid manchild game
White men literally cannot handle the democratization of the sexual market place. Black men, Korean men, and Vietnamese men have all expressed themselves as major players in the market place. Thing will never be the same, and white men cannot cope.
Wew lad
?
Is that from her profile? Lmao never thought I would see someone say that like it's a common thing
this board really is going downhill.
As a white Aussie cuck I'm fine with this. Asia is getting stronger and the West is getting weaker, so it's natural. Also they get better grades and earn more than us, most whiteboys are fat and constantly mocked now, it's natural that white vaginas should birth their seed and create an Asian majority
