transphobic misogynist touchless KHHV in 2019
progressive chaser with trans gf in 2023
ghosted by highschool friends in 2017
ghosted by adult friends in 2023
I'm as boring as I ever was. One day I'll learn it isn't worth trying.
subordinate naive sad/broken KHHV in 2019
punished career focused ladder climbing mid manager cutthroat fueled by fury in 2023
 Alone, moving alot, in high school in 2019
 Alone, attempted to make friends but I never feel like I fit in, started college in 2023
I hate how I act and how I am.
I love you my bf
penis haver + testosterone and male sex residue will forever run your body untill you die of heart disease in your 40s
heart disease in your 40s
What the fuck schizo theory is this? Lmao
Also she's a cute girl and HRT makes your T levels really low
its all there, all the effects of being male. its inherent and inescapable, a superficial fix of hrt is retarded
im proud of you guys ily
cope incel
2019
boymoder wagie with no friends or bf
2023
college student with bf I met on 4chan
I love my bf so much he changed my life
what the fuck does this even mean lol? do you think heart disease in your 40s is just a side effect of being male or are you just retarded
congratulations on your downgrade, faggot
angry depressed loner fresh out of high school in 2019
looking for engagement rings with the love of my life in 2023
WAGMI
bro said "ily"
your mother uncomfortably changes the subject whenever you're brought up
A death by heart disease at 40 is not what you get by being a man or a woman lol. Even really obese people don't necessarily get heart disease even close to that early.
Thanks.
You're my cute lovey forever! &lt;3
It's an upgrade in every way. My view on the world and people in general is much, much less bleak, and I'm infinitely happier now.
Nice anon.
Terminal zoomer lol
bro has never heard those words spoken aloud
she's a cute girl
I fucking doubt it.
AHEM
*TING TING TING TING*
EXCUSE ME
*TING TING TING TING TING TING*
May I have your attention please? Gather around, gather around please.
Behold your eyes on my most prestigious post. 
I have an announcement to make! An announcement that of the utmost importance. But before I make that such a VERY important announcement, I need a few seconds to prepare. You understand, yes?
Please, report in while I prepare. Make (You)rself known while I get my notes together.
self hating, bitter, neurotic loner in 2016 
neurotic loner in 2023 
I've made progress in the right direction at least. Every year I get better and better at flirting with girls, and further in further in relationships before making a 'new mistake'. Chads naturally learn all the dos and don't of relationships since they get so many reps in by virtue of their looks. Even if they don't admit it, they passively learn, which is why so many Chads have good social skills, since they naturally have way more opportunities to work on them. If you aren't good looking, and especially if you're a shut in, you have to construct your own experiences to learn. I've been making a lot of progress to this end. I'm no Chad, but I mog my younger self by a fucking mile
I'm listening anon I'm listening
This should be good.
i was lonely and then i was fucking and then i was lonely and then i was fucking and now im fucking lonely
i was gardening this better be important
*fixes collar*
*checks watch*
*taps foot*
Hurry up, I am a busy man.
Well spit it out ol chap, I don't have all day.
define years. i'll go for the easy one
2019, going into college for compsci, a couple friends, hobbies and interests
2023, no friends but cnc machinist making ok money, no real hobbies or interests, absolute rock bottom motivation and energy
there's more to the story than that but let's just say that 2020-2021 was extremely fucking bad for me even outside of covid. it took me until late 2022 to get my career back on track, and now in 2023 i am going to do what i can to maybe scrape some semblance of a life together. i don't know if i can, i don't think i will, but i will make an attempt at bare minimum. i am angry, bitter, deeply unhappy and resentful of almost everything but for some fucking reason i have not yet given up the idea that somehow there is a possibility that i may not be outright condemned to complete failure. partial failure is still on the table, naturally
Yes I'm here
Take your time gentlelad
Reporting in. I'm all ears
Hi, anon. Lookin' goode today!
QUIET YOU LOT
I SAID QUIET, TAKE YOUR SEATS AND SETTLE DOWN YOU SAVAGES
My oh my oh me oh my! Would you look at the time! Sorry for the delay gentlemen, I had a few things to take care of. But nevermind that, now, without a further a do:
FUCK TRANNIES
FUCK NIGGERS
FUCK KIKES
FUCK LGBKEKS
FUCK TROONS
FUCK NORMALFAGS
FUCK SIMPS
FUCK KEKS
FUCK GLOWIES
FUCK ROASTIES
AND LAST, BUT NOT LEAST
FUCK THE JANNY 
That is all gentlemen. I beg your forgiveness for using such crass language, but I simply had to get that off of my chest. Please enjoy the rest of the board and have a fantastic day. Cheers my peers, cheers indeed!
Jolly good show old boy, jolly good show indeed!
agreed. fuck jannie s
WAHH!! !!11!
Beutiful, thank you for posting.
you never dissapoint my good man
That was well worth the wait. Thank you for that motivating message, anon
I don't say this often but it seems like you have forced my hand. If I may, you are incredibly based and redpilled.
Age 8: I was racist for reasons I didn't quite understand, and had no understanding of politics nor did I have any real ideology.
Age 16: Stopped being racist and decided to judge on an individual level instead - what one person does should not be held against their tribe as a whole.
Age 24: Became racist again after dozens of negative real-world experiences. Started browsing /pol/, looked at the bigger picture and began nooticing things, judging tribes by their accomplishments, quality of life, cleanliness, how prone to violence they are, how many LiveLeak gore videos they produce, etc.
OH YOU KNOW JUST ANOTHER TUESDAY
became a prison gay
Many such cases!
Hello? Based department? You're gonna want to see this.
Wtf, im similar. I reverted back to hate after practicing empathy. Its easier to be less empathetic. Fuck people
18yo KHHV when I last used this site last summer
19yo kissed one girl fucked one hooker and here I am back on here
look how much my brain got melted by porn and internet
lmao fuckin loser
How incredibly, unequivocally based, and redpilled. Well played my good man.
