I kinda noticed how something isnt really a problem until it hits women and makes mens lifes easier.
Lets take transgenderism for example nobody on a big scale cared about the transgender people they were just viewed as crossdressing weirdos until women joined in and started cutting off their breasts and men started taking away girls only scholarships/girls only competitions etc. because they are girls right and suddently it became a problem suddently everyone thinks we need to ban hormones and trans surgeries because young girls are chopping off their beautiful bouncy breasts and are treated equally instead of getting showered with female only equality handouts!
And as soon as we ban mastectomies,make "female sports" require gene testing and ban testosterone pills and it goes back to just men chopping off their balls everyone will forget about it instantly like they forgot about circumcision being awful after we banned female circumcision(only for girls).
The only reason people care about the poor is because they imagine a single mom and her 3 starving little daughters.
The only reason people care about domestic abuse is because they imagine a man hitting a woman/little girl.
We cared so much about "the right to vote without any requirements" for women but men still dont have a right to vote they need to sign up to go die in a war if they want to vote still to this day everybody just forgot about it the moment women got it.
11% of journalist deaths being women is actually "targeting women" because a single woman is worth a million men
etc.
Why are women so much more valuable and important than men?
Because it's likely disproportionate.
Whenever you see these things it's almost always neglecting proportions. Men are far more likely to be sent as journalists into danger zones, so 11% of those killed being female is likely disproportionate, and they were most likely specifically targeted for being female.
Like the 13-52 stat. Saying "one group of people commit 52% of all violent crime" doesn't sound so bad if you're imagining a society where that group is half the population, 52% is only a bit over half... But when you learn that group is only 13% of the population, that has much more significance.
I kinda noticed how something isnt really a problem until it hits women and makes mens lifes easier.
Lets take transgenderism for example nobody on a big scale cared about the transgender people they were just viewed as crossdressing weirdos until women joined in and started cutting off their breasts and men started taking away girls only scholarships/girls only competitions etc. because they are girls right and suddently it became a problem suddently everyone thinks we need to ban hormones and trans surgeries because young girls are chopping off their beautiful bouncy breasts and are treated equally instead of getting showered with female only equality handouts!
And as soon as we ban mastectomies,make "female sports" require gene testing and ban testosterone pills and it goes back to just men chopping off their balls everyone will forget about it instantly like they forgot about circumcision being awful after we banned female circumcision(only for girls).
The only reason people care about the poor is because they imagine a single mom and her 3 starving little daughters.
The only reason people care about domestic abuse is because they imagine a man hitting a woman/little girl.
We cared so much about "the right to vote without any requirements" for women but men still dont have a right to vote they need to sign up to go die in a war if they want to vote still to this day everybody just forgot about it the moment women got it.
11% of journalist deaths being women is actually "targeting women" because a single woman is worth a million men
etc.
Why are women so much more valuable and important than men?
Did you ever notice that "women and children" got changed to "women and girls"? That's alarming to me because it's like, even small boys don't deserve help now? How young are we talking about year? Should 5 year old boys be sent to the woodchipper just like grown men?
Nobody gives a shit about men. We have always been seen as disposable. This is why NEETs have the right idea. Why would you work for a system that not only hates you and is doing everything possible to fuck you over, but also WANTS you to go die.
even small boys don't deserve help now?
Yes.
They are men and men dont even deserve air according to gynocentric society.
Little boys should be happy they even get to walk araund without a handler making sure they dont rape anyone.
Nobody gives a shit about men. We have always been seen as disposable. T
This is of course the correct answer, but the thing is, we're writing on a board whose users are mostly American or European. Western philosophy has been based on universal human worth for several hundred years now, it's in the U.S. Constitution and is the underpinning of everything kids are taught in social sciences growing up. A society claiming higher moral standards can't just say "sorry bro law of the jungle you have to deal with it," that's hypocritical.
Men become adults as soon as they can walk.
Nobody really cares about boys any more than adult men 99% of the time.
When a woman has sex with 6 year year old boy noone cares they might even comment about "how lucky" the little boy is.
Actually men become adults in the womb.
They already inherit the sins of the patriarchy the moment they are conceived and all men should be killed so "its a girl or its a abortion".
Universal human worth means womens worth+some honorary men if they are hot enought.
Majority of men arent human in womens eyes thats why they think the average height is 6 feet tall because any man below that height doesnt register in their brains as a human they are a subhuman monkey born to clean their toilet and take out their trash and then go die in a war for their profits and the rights of women(humans) in other countries.
What? Euros went to war and only sent men. America did the same. In the beginning, if you didn't own land, you didn't have full rights. When the irish came over, they were treated worse than blacks. The japs were put into camps for no reason. Left handed people used to get their hands beaten because that was evil. Women could and still do murder babies because they're too damn stupid to close their legs or take a pill or even get an implant.
"Universal human worth" is bullshit. They tell you that so you'll continue doing what they want.
This. Gotta stop killing most of the men so it pumps it up to 50% for equality.
everyone will forget about it instantly like they forgot about circumcision being awful after we banned female circumcision(only for girls)
to be fair female circumcison is entirely different from male circumcision. they usually remove the clitoris entirely and sew their vaginas shut. i don't know why they even call it circumcision when its literally just genital mutilation.
youre right about the rest tho
Not that anon, but there's different forms of female circumcision. Why not make the other forms legal? I just hate the hypocrisy. They use the religious argument for why male circumcision is legal, but then totally disregard the fact that female circumcision is also done for religious reasons. They just don't recognize those religions because it doesn't involve some christcuck zombie jew.
Yeah, nope. 
I ain't reading all that.
Yes no refunds 
you must now race with the male troon and lose
You don't have enough time to read all that but enough time to post a reply? Are you mentally retarded?
hurr durr i cant read
ftfy
Mion sex nakadashi
one time I remember watching the tv and I saw some sensibilisation video
it was something about how horrible the fact that women represent something like 33% homeless people and how I needed to give money to women only shellters
I was actually dumbstruck watching this but never figured out how to word my feelings about this bullshit (and that's what op just did)
thank you for reminding everyone here that women are whores that can't accept anything bad happening to them
What people don't realize is that there's also different forms of male
circumcision too. There's one version where they just remove the top layer of foreskin (which cures phimosis) and then there's the extreme version most doctors in the US perform that removes the entire foreskin and the frenulum, completely restricting movement after healing. Even ancient israelites probably didn't lop as much off as amerisharts do.
The problem isnt society saying "law of the jungle bro, get over it." The problem is that society only says that to men about problems that affect men while also spouting off about equality. I would have much less proven with it if such things were applied equally.
I used to care about women and their problems. Now whenever I feel concern about them I think "how much would they care if the situation were reversed?" I then stop caring and go about my day.
Why are women so much more valuable and important than men?
birthing bottleneck for populations. china is going through a severe population crisis thats spiraling into a bunch of other problems because they drowned so many girls at birth due to their one child policy.
nobody mentions any country
immediately thinks about America
You are mentally ill and need to seek help. It's not healthy to think about America and Americans every waking moment of your life.
One man can make a small village in a year. One women can only make one kid in a year. There's a clear solution to that problem, but nobody wants to make it happen.
One man can make a small village in a year
mfw
You should probably avoid looking up why the head of the penis looks the way it does lmao.
So women make children that they can't raise properly, because they keep driving the fathers away, then the state has to invent another tax to keep affording this decision, and then those children grow up to be neet incels on welfare, or single moms themselves. What a store of value woman are!
Genghis Khan had an estimated 1k kids. 16 million people alive today come from a long line of his children. His bloodline could fit into a small country.
Hes the result of fathers fucking their daughters for multiple generations.
You only need 20% men to prevent inbreeding problems.
originaIIy original bumperino
vote
why would you want to vote?
Don't vote kids, it's a complete waste of your time.
To normal fags this concept enrages and confuses them.
In what countries besides south africa and israel are circumcisions common, retard?
