FEMBOTS come watch me play league and tell me how im the best bronze player you ever seen twitch.tv/2no1_
Why are iron-bronze players so obsessed with counterpicks and abusing meta champions and copying guides?
Like its only bronzies that have mobalytics,opgg etc. open in the back checking the current flavor of the month champion,the counter to their lane enemy,the hightest winrate build etc. and they are still bronze despite treating lol like a job.
So sad.
Also btw no face cam so im not gonna watch you.
If you want to be anonymous at least get a vtuber model or something.
It's because they are retarded
That music made my ears bleed, I left
They need to believe that THAT is the reason they are still bronze. They are not abusing stats and the meta enough. It's never enough.
I remember when I used to play Smite back during its beta days and causing massive seethe when I played Ra in a way they didn't except. I missed being called a cheater.
in a way they didn't except
*accept
i used to otp teemo
too lazy to set all that up
copyright free 
i played an mmo with some guy that was a smite pro on the ps3. i managed to snag a partner twitch account thru him
I used to play bit i gave up on it when after 10 years of playing I couldnt get out of silver
Sorry, im for diamond and above guys ONLY. (They boost my account for me to at least gold each season heh)
I used to intentionally grief bronze/iron on my alts after I stopped playing and it was the most fun I've ever had in that game. There is no fun in winning League of Legends, only in taking away other people's happiness.
I stopped playing this game more than a year ago and you should as well, pretty shit for your mental health
This, League is the r9k of video games. If you want to destroy your mental health, play it
I literally would lock myself in my room to avoid hurting others and then cut myself in this psychotic state, should sue them for emotional distress = )
What League can do to a nigga, I'm surprised r9k doesn't affect you even worse desu
I don't look at this place too often, other places of the internet are more interesting and less infested by normal fags.
That and I've been a bit more focused mentally on the bigger picture, more control over my psychotic tendencies.
That and I've been a bit more focused mentally on the bigger picture, more control over my psychotic tendencies.
Based, I will join you soon in shunning r9k
No play a better game and I might watch also why play league if you're bad at it you're just going to suffer and waste your time.
