i do the same shit every day
wage and go home
no friends no gf 
what is the point of life?
why dont you have friends and a gf though
he is not tall and facially handsome so no gf. he has no gf, so no friends
there isnt a point. you are meant to a paypig for single moms and their children by tall handsome abuse chads, until you are 35 then you will be granted the privilege of being a personal paypig and timepig to one of them.
NPNW is your only way out.
i went to a commuter college and was an outcast at school. i barely know anyone. i know a handful of stoners who barely do anything and barely know anyone. there are no people in my life besides them.
my life bros
was an outcast at school.
And whose fault is that?
crazy to think that 50 years ago dudes like this would have had a wife and 5 kids.
all social circles in uni as HS are aggressively gate-kept. So yeah its not really his fault. 
Also if you do a STEM degree in uni there are virtually no women.
anyone with my life circumstances would be an outcast. also, i went to a preppy private school and was poor.
It is everyone else's fault that I don't have friends
Peak incel mentality.
Only when you start taking responsibility, that's when you'll be treading the healing journey
It is everyone else's fault that I don't have friends
Not what i said retard. Please kys.
anyone with my life circumstances would be an outcast
Would they? 
Usually the outcasts just band together and form a group of misfits. I guess they weren't good enough for you
Please stop blaming others for your loneliness
That's exactly what you said
It's not his fault that he doesn't have friends!
All friend groups gatekeep!
Be more honest with yourself
Be more honest with yourself
The points I brought up is the reality of most men going to school right now retard. You still haven't addressed those points you're just repeating them like a retard.
The bottom line: you can't force people to be friends with you. Its not his fault. Society is fucking rotten right now and theres literally nothing an you can do as an individual to change that.
not him, but ive done everything i can to improve my situation. nothing has worked
be happy being alone
start feeling guilty about that
force myself into more social interaction
social interactions are very exhausting
start to get insecure because the exhaustion
second guess myself and get depressed 
cut social contacts
be happy being alone
repeat with step 2
is the reality of most men
No, anon. Most men have friends. 
You keep blaming your loneliness on other people. That's the incel mindset keeping you down. 
Please, realize you have agency over your life
It's not other people's fault that you're a lonely sperg. You just seek isolation
you can't force people to be friends with you
You don't have to force it, lmao. You could just become their friends organically. 
Society isn't rotten. You are. And you blame it on everyone else instead of taking some responsibility for your loneliness. 
It's pathetic and it's the very reason why you're alone
ive done everything i can
No you haven't, lmao. All you do is shitpost about how bad you have it.
That's what made it all worth it. There's no reason to work unless you're guaranteed a wife and kids.
great, since you know so much about me what havent I tried yet?
comy asf ngl
Leaving 4chan is the most important thing you've never tried before. 
You won't improve your life wasting your time in the incel board where you can circle jerk with other incels who want to bring you down to their level. 
That and getting a career and a social life
i'm convinced the people who say shit like this were always normies or they haven't succeeded themselves and are just speaking nonsense. why would you assume anyone including me the OP doesn't have a career or some semblance of a social life. i leave the house every day and i'm still a loser. it's possible to do everything right and still fail if you have the wrong combination of genes or poor life circumstances you can't really escape from.
No interest in One Piece but if he only plays P5R for 2 hours a day, then he's not gonna break out of that routine for quite a while.
it's possible to do everything right and still fail
It really isn't. If you had a career, a social life and all that jazz, you wouldn't really be a loser. 
You're just in denial
If you do everything right, have a career, social life, leave the house everyday... Why exactly are you still a loser?
cope. having a job is bare minimum. having a social life isn't a success if it's a bad one with people you don't like.
thinking a career or a good job frees you from being a loser is so naive. arguably your life gets worse once you become fully dedicated to a job and have nothing making up for it. i do the same shit every day watching the number in my bank account get bigger seeing myself get older and it does nothing for my life. nothing makes up for being attractive and being well liked by your peers, having fun experiences, having partners.
with people you don't like.
Which brings us the question: why are you socializing with people you don't like? Do you even like anyone at all? Could this be one more instance of you blaming others for your troubles?
Society isn't rotten
lies
nothing makes up for being attractive and being well liked by your peers, having fun experiences, having partners
You could have all that even as an unattractive male. Your problem is your incel attitude more than anything.
You are rotten. You're the worst of society. And yet you blame everyone else before looking inside.
you don't really have a choice of who you end up associating with and if you grow up a loser you gravitate towards other people with little going for them. again this sounds like more naive nonsense thinking you can easily pick and choose such things rather than them being a consequence of where you live and your social background.
the idea of blaming others for troubles is also nonsense. people are products of their environment and a failure to thrive is more often than not a product of what cards you've been played in life.
it's much larger than simply being ugly.
I am the same except add in over-eating to the mix. I am 330lbs and do nothing but work, eat, and play vidya. My life is meaningless and I am more anxious and depressed than ever.
There's nothing stopping you from:
Having fun 
Being liked
Having friends
Except, of course, for your incel "woe is me" attitude
you don't really have a choice
You do. You always have a choice. Like you coming here everyday to bitch and moan instead of going outside and live your life. 
Everyday you make a choice, and you choose being a lonely bitter celibate online
if you grow up a loser you gravitate towards other people with little going for them
And is there any problem with having loser friends? 
Oh my... The incel is actually judgemental and his friends are not cool enough for him
You keep blaming your circumstances and never take any responsibility for you lot in life. There goes the incel attitude once more
this thread is full of so much normie nonsense now. as if everything is a product of individual effort, which to be fair it often can be, but to suggest that there aren't attributes in life which you can hardly affect if at all determining your outcomes with people.
people will assume some ugly loser CS student as being so because he lacks effort or a likeable personality whereas it's equally likely that he does try, he is likeable, but only that despite this he's passively excluded from life. and even if his soft skills are bad, if he is unlikeable, why would we assume it's some inherent thing rather than the result of being excluded from support structures which would mitigate his autism? yes, it's a sad fact of like that you can put as much effort in as anyone else, even more, and still fail because you've simply been dealt the wrong cards. even personality is largely a product of your genes. you're especially anxious or depressive, you're ugly, you grew up in poor circumstances. many people do try and they fail.
. as if everything is a product of individual effort
 which to be fair it often can be
Even you admit it, lmao. You have agency over your life. You're not a slave to prophecy. You're just weak
Anyone else just drives around aimlessly on the weekend? I need to stop, it's really stupid. I just bought a brand new car too and it's really nice, I feel like I'm just putting a miles on it for no reason, I never go anywhere, or do anything, I just drive around listening to music.
yes even i'd admit that if you try harder than 99% of people you can change anything and i have changed quite a bit. just be an extreme outlier who tryhards every aspect of life bro!
Oh my... The incel is actually judgemental and his friends are not cool enough for him
probably the only legit thing you've said but it's not a bad feeling to have when your friends are abusive incels or care very little for improving their lives
Also if you do a STEM degree in uni there are virtually no women.
I studied Comp Sci and there were only like two or three out of hundreds that were foids.
There isnt, they lied life isnt worth living at all. There is no hope kys all hope is lost
Most men have friends.
giga fucking cope, how old are you
He could order a Thai mail order bride easily if he wanted. There's a video posted here if a legit deformed looking 5'4 guy who has a hot Filipino wife he ordered.
All this nigga needs is a qt virgin SEA mail order bride and his life is set.
ive taken multi year breaks from 4chan. It hasnt changed a thing. I've done everything I can with the shitty hand I was delt. The world isn't fair.You didnt earn shit, you just got lucky.
I bet you a house that they did take responsibility and that is why they ended up here. You normie kikes think everything is within your power to change which just is not true. At some point, you have to realize that it is not your fault and quit blaming shit on themselves.
The person you are talking to is not a normalfag 
Pic related are normalfags. They are out washing their cars, walking with their gfs/dogs/friends, etc. The people ITT are psychopaths who want to ruin any male communities in an effort to make people kill themselves. They sit inside (just like you) while doing this and are no better than you and are certainly not in a a position to give you advice
Same but also no hobbies. Just replay the same video games when I have the energy, and scroll YouTube, 4chan, and Reddit.
