I've been all alone ever since my childhood friends turned against me. Tried to move on and go to new places but no one wants to do anything with a random loser. How am I supposed to live a life like this?
You don't. People like you prove that it was my hard work that helped me make new friends, not luck.
What type of work? Providing enough value for others to make you seem useful for a friend?
Find a hobby. Find other hobbyists?
Vibing, mostly. Sharing in life experiences rather than hiding away like some lazy vermin.
follow his advice
and even then that guy is kind of a loser, imagining having to work to have friends lmao, that shit comes naturally, what the fuck you mean "work"
That's the most traditional way of finding friends. Just worrying it's possible to keep highly committed for a hobby just to have a potential chance to get to know other people. The other people will just see you're not that interested so why even waste time on such a guy. 
On the other hand drinking and gaming are very popular activities here which I do myself too but those things are run within the herd so if your not already friends with someone you're not getting in. It's a ridiculous situation, kind of a social bankrupt.
Excatly
just literally be low inhib, I can walk into a room full of people doing an activity and make a couple of friends at the very least. Gaming, partying, any other random hobby, don't matter. I haven't yet found a room that I can't make friends in.
This is the kind of person who tells you to """bee yourself."""" Never listen to them since they have no idea what your situation is.
I'm not retarded dude, being yourself works only if you're like me. Otherwise you have to adapt and be able to fit in if you want to have friends/sex.
inb4 I don't want to cuck myself by adapting for normalfaggots
You don't have to, it's optional. Every social outcast gets to choose whether they value companionship and sex more or less than the personality that made them a social outcast in the first place. 
I personally helped a friend lose his virginity and stop being so goddamn aspie, at least when around people. He's still weird and will always be but now has a gf and gets invited to parties or similar gatherings.
Im probably a loser because I proved that I can make new friends, but at least its really easy to prove that social skills and relationships have nothing to do with luck or beeing yourself.
I used to have a friend like that. It's magical
