<comment>
be me 21 m
with gf since last christmas (met in the library)
we were both virgins when we met
both reserved and socially retarded
ffw last weekend
anon do you know Ema?
no who is it?
"she is a friend of mine and wants have sex. she's had bad experiences in the past"
"and what can you do about that?"
"do you wanna take her in, and give her the most gentle experience?" she smiles.
can't believe this is happening
"are you serious? if you want to do it then i'm into it."
"it would be funny if you don't see her until then, trust me she is really cute."
laugh "ok i trust you" (picrel)
ffw two days ago, they comes to my place.
with her is the cutest japanese girl i've ever seen
suppressed fetishes from 15y.o. weeb era flash into my pineal gland
hug gf and greet her friend
ffw kissing on the couch. 
i'm eating her out and gf is stroking her hair.
she is unshaved down there but has no body hair.
gripping her small thighs and her breathing makes me hallucinate.
she smells really well too.
go inside her. tight wet and warm. i've never felt this before in my life.
my dick is throbbing and i feel vibrations in my legs and stomach.
two slow strokes and i blow the biggest load inside her.
be amazed and tell her she's perfect, then smile at gf.
she is hiding her eyes and laughing. gf laughs too.
go again after 20 minutes and some water. 
go down on her again, then back to sex and last 3 minutes.
we all sit and talk, then she leaves.
atmosphere with gf is weird after that.
she stays for another hour and she goes as well.
i don't have her contacts and don't know her last name. i want to break it off with gf. i need this other girl and she is all i can think about. how do i find her? she is in my mind rentfree. i see a hologram of her in front of me while writing this. i dreamt of her every night that has passed. i was starting to think that dating is boring and was keen on settling. my mind has been fully rewired.
<comment>
why u makin me horny bro makin me horny readin all that
<comment>
snap back to reality its time for you to get to work
<comment>
i want to murder you and see you suffer. give me your location.
<comment>
nigger nigger nigger idiot idiot idiot
