This is peak "comfiness"
Even tho I watch it because I m down, and the series works like that friend I never had, I feel relieved and in peace when I watch it. It feels exactly like the first time (obviously I know the outcomes) in terms of feelings and sensations.
Its even cloudy outside.
anime watchers be like
Wasnt my point Mr Zoomer-san. I watch this series because its relatable for me in so many ways and I have zero friends to hold me while I m at my lowest.
I understand normalcunts like would never be able to relate to any of this
It's probably the only anime I've taken the time to watch more than once.
I can't read Japanese so the suicide pact bit came as a surprise. I've always wondered how many people read "suicide meeting" (or whatever it is) on Hitomi's laptop screen and if it negatively effected the impact of those episodes. It appears very briefly so maybe not that many.
It's na objectively shit show with shit writing only popular with Western audiences because Japs look down on hikki incels and don't want to acknowledge their existence. The writer was a noob when he wrote it and he is still a shit mangaka only producing trash. The only reason people like this turd is because it's the only high profile anime about NEETs and Nips refuse to tackle this topic because it's taboo for their society.
Ok, thx for your bump
I've always wondered how many people read "suicide meeting" (or whatever it is) on Hitomi's laptop screen and if it negatively effected the impact of those episodes
Some fansubs cover those specific details. But if you ask me, to not be aware and later have it as plot twist its quite neat in my opinion.
The last three times I ve watched it happened to be in these three last years. I really enjoy the dynamic and relatable stuff the characters go thru.
Since I dont have any friends who are in similar situations to mine, its quite cathartic for me
Objectively terrible taste. You are what's wrong with the anime community.
welcome to your comfort zone, savor it. humans aren't meant to leave their comfort zone either so it's good you found something of the kind!
Just imagine
Its pretty cool if you ask me. My comfort zone is surrounded by games, movies, series I love (anime or not), instruments to play music, porn/hentai, and anime bodypillows. I couldnt imagine a life without any of this wonderful stuff.
what are some other slice of life animes to watch? I really liked this one
Crazy right? Just imagine lol.
I ll enjoy what I feel like. I dont give a fuck about people enjoying things that I like, just like I dont give a fuck about you, except your bumps. I dont interact with them nor do I want to.
People can all go fuck themselves for all I care.
As long as I got stuff to enjoy myself, the world can go to hell.
I dont know many like that, because, even tho some may have some sort of "NEET theme" added to the plot, they wont develop it in a more "serious" way of what it truly means to be a human failure. Its just a side feature of the character most of the times, rather than its main concern.
Purupuru pururin pururin purupuru pururin purupururin purupuru pururin pururin 
Onnanoko ha fushigi na koto ni. Keetai dakeja ikite yukenai mune ippai no ai to yuuki ga taisetsu nano yo 
Atashi pururin purupururin pururin purupururin rinrin purupuru pururin pururu 
Mashumaro mitai ni hon wakade uru uru shichau yume to kibou no yume to kibou no mahou shoujo sore ga atashi nano yo 
Purupuru pururin pururin purupuru pururin purupururin purupuru pururin pururin 
Onnanko ha fushigi na koto ni Meeru dakeja manzoku dekinai rusuroku ippai anata no koe de tokimeki ga hoshii no 
Atashi pururin purupururin pururin purupururin rinrin purupuru pururin pururu 
Mahou no chikara ha hora soko ni ureshiku nacchau yume ha kibou ni kibou ha yume ni mahou shoujo honto ha anata kamo ne 
Mashumaro mitai ni hon wakade uru uru shichau yume to kibou no yume to kibou no mahou shoujo sore ga atashi nano yo 
Purupuru pururin pururin purupuru pururin purupururin purupuru pururin pururinn
HEY STFU, I M GOING TO BREAK DOWN THIS DOOR IF YOU DONT SHUT THAT GOD DAMN THING OFF
honestly any semi-relatable slice of life anime would be ok by me
nhk was so comfy to come home from and watch everyday, I felt like I had friends
nice 88 dub
my comfort zone consists of listening to the same music i've been listening to since 2016-2020, watching king of queens, playing the same gamecube games i played when i was like 3 years old, and cuddling my waifu daki
Semi relatable?
Well... Problem is I havent found anything like that...
Never watched Watamote, tho some people who are NEETs seem to like that one. Gabriel Dropout had the laziness aspect that some NEETs got in one the characters, but thats as far as it goes.
There is one I watched called ReLife. Its fantasy and slice of life. Some guy who wasnt successful and is unemployed went into a program to relive his last HS years, in order to set some things straight, and maybe have a brighter future. Its your average escapism anime slice of life, but nothing compared to NHK Ni Youkoso.
Btw, I m already watching episode 17 from Welcome to the NHK, on this 5th rewatch.
Me too...
never been a NEET but i like NHK because of the comfy 2006 atmosphere it has, tickles my nostalgia in a very specific way. still haven't finished it because i can only watch it when i'm in a very specific mood
also the scene in episode 11(?) where misaki is reading affirmations in the park while sato barely listens hit me really fucking hard for some reason, i shut off my pc and just laid in bed for half an hour
my comfort zone consists of listening to the same music i've been listening to since 2016-2020
I do that on the regular too, when I do chores or work on my PC. Music is fun.
watching king of queens
Never watched that series, tho I like some of Kevin James appearances in different movies I ve watched across the years. The Zookeeper, Here Comes The Boom and many others.
and cuddling my waifu daki
Isnt that a wonderful thing? I love hugging my daki and feeling like everything is gonna be alright. I love drowning my face in her breasts, face, and tummy. Her warmth makes everything so comfy and wonderful...
Paranoia Agent was both semi-relatable and semi-understandable to me when I watched it. I think I watched it a bit too young so maybe I'll come back around to it in a few more years.
Episode 11 is the first time Satou part ways with Misaki, just to later be manipulated by Hitomi to assist a reunion to void his life license.
Is the one where he didnt listen to her because he was sort of in love with her? Or was it the time when he was obsessed with the WoW knockoff to do RMT?
Also, why did it hit you hard if I may ask?
Why is that? I havent watched it yet, tho by reading its synopsis it seems interesting. I like crime/detective genre.
it might have been ep 9 or 10, it's been a while. something about the futility of these banal aphorisms felt very bittersweet and tragic, and i wished i had anyone who could tell me those things even though their heart wasn't into it
It's a bit more slice of life than conventional for a detective story but yeah, I suppose it is correct to call it "detective".
Reason I was reminded of it is that both NHK and PA have a fantasy RPG segment.
You are a troubled person
Those things? And yeah that was episode 10.
I know what you mean... But to me doesnt hit hard because I know how voided of meaning those words are.
I feel bad for how you are suffering
Those things? And yeah that was episode 10.
I know what you mean... But to me doesnt hit hard because I know how voided of meaning those words are.
You will be fine
Those things? And yeah that was episode 10.
I know what you mean... But to me doesnt hit hard because I know how voided of meaning those words are.
You are not alone 
Those things? And yeah that was episode 10.
I know what you mean... But to me doesnt hit hard because I know how voided of meaning those words are.
I cant relate, tho I understand the pain. Its just I cant enjoy anything I know it has no meaning at all.
Thats why I have no friends
Anyone else who may wanna come here and share some feels?
ok anon I'll share some feels
i love NHK but
remember, there's no one there to save you, they can offer help but at the end of the day waiting for that special person or opportunity is hopeless. only you can help you. do your best to go out in the world and live freely with the short life you have. your life will be average but try to find happiness in the small things.
Are you mentally retarded?
Welcome to nhk was very cathartic to me when I watched it, like some other anons have said.
I used to have a friend kinda like Sato's friend and we had somewhat delusional aspirations of game dev. I really liked that part, I wonder how many other robots have had the same gamedev dream, because that part seemed written to be way too similar to my own life.
The characters in the show felt like real people to me, they felt like my friends. I'm so lonely nowadays, and even though the show is written about a depressing theme I actually felt really happy watching it because I felt like I had friends. I actually felt emotions, for the first time in a long time. I don't feel that way for most other shows because the characters are pretty normie, maybe I like them but they don't feel like my friends.
I can't imagine anyone watching this show and thinking Misaki exists unless they're like a teenager and living in a fantasy world.
thanks for your recommendations anon, I appreciate it
Yes
remember, there's no one there to save you, they can offer help but at the end of the day waiting for that special person or opportunity is hopeless. 
I m not waiting for anyone. When I meant that the series is "that friend I never had", I say it solely because I can relate to the situations. And whenever I feel EXTREMELY low I come back and watch this series.
No.
I will not do it.
not that anon but can I ask how you're retarded? im retarded too but im not even sure how i just realized as I got older its pretty obvious im an undiagnosed autist or something, with how difficult basic tasks are for me
I used to have a friend kinda like Sato's friend and we had somewhat delusional aspirations of game dev. I really liked that part
Did you create or at least tried doing anything in particular with that friend of yours?
I wonder how many other robots have had the same gamedev dream, because that part seemed written to be way too similar to my own life.
Creating games imo sounds like a pain in the ass. Programming is boring for me, and the thought of "mixing code gibberish and making a computer program that pops stuff in your screen for you to interact with", well... Sounds like magic to me. Incomprehensible.
The characters in the show felt like real people to me, they felt like my friends. I'm so lonely nowadays, and even though the show is written about a depressing theme I actually felt really happy watching it because I felt like I had friends. I actually felt emotions, for the first time in a long time.
This... Its so sad to know that... In reality... I was never friends with Yamazaki, got to meet Misaki, got to play cards in a Friday afternoon with Hitomi, etc etc.
I don't feel that way for most other shows because the characters are pretty normie, maybe I like them but they don't feel like my friends.
I dont think they are "normies" per se. Its just that anime isnt supposed to be 100% realistic (Welcome to the NHK isnt 100% either, but it takes its themes a little bit more raw and "seriously"). The characters from other shows are created to entertain and let you have fun.
kek
I sort of enjoyed Bottom-tier Character Tomozaki. The main guy starts of as a loser and a girl coaches him on to how not to be a loser, it was kind of cringe at first but got comfy. I think some robots would like it. It ended on a weird cliffhanger though.
You are welcome. Thanks for coming to my thread and talking about NHK ni Youkoso with me :)
Well... For starters... I m very paranoid. When people talk to me and the conversation develops further than I had intended, I start worrying about what I ve said. I worry if anything bothered them, gave them the creeps, or any reason to later plot against me for personal vendetta. This is all caused because I usually talk more than I should, out of the fear and nerves that causes me interact with other people.
I also dont like the idea that people come and go. If that how the system goes, I rather not make connections any more. Too many bad experiences makes a man not wanna take a gamble anymore.
Not to mention I dont feel particularly proud of the different interests I got and enjoy. So I worry people may find the skeletons I hide in my closet, making them plot against me out of despise for my persona.
We did try to make some games, but our end results were pretty shitty and unrealistic. It was still fun to make them though. In reality there are a ton of games out there and just making an interesting game != a game that people like or play. I still have a dream of going back to game dev one day.
Programming is fun for me, or at least it used to be, now not as much but it may just be I'm really depressed. It's just so repetitive and tedious to actually build something with it. I do programming as a profession now but it's incredibly tedious and unfun when you're doing it for a big company, and office politics slaughter me since I'm an autist retard. People treat me poorly, I'm so stupid because the profession actually requires a lot of communication, everyday is pain.
Characters in other shows seem to still be outside of my reality. Maybe not "normies" but not like "these people could be my friends IRL", more like "this is a fantasy reality I'm watching but am very far from being a part of".
that sounds somewhat similar to NHK
Oh, I feel really similar to this. People have outright called me a creep to my face, threatened me. I don't go out of my way to make others feel uncomfortable but I have very weird autistic body language, and the more I go in life the more I realize all the weird habits / tics I have that make me seem crazy to others. It hurts me because as a person I'm well-meaning and want to make others happy, but everyone hates me and I feel like I'm trapped in a shell that makes everyone hate me.
So yeah I share a lot of your anxiety with talking to others.
I also have a lot of autistic traits like sensory overload, etc. that interfer with my life and make me a lot slower than others at basic tasks.
It was still fun to make them though. In reality there are a ton of games out there and just making an interesting game != a game that people like or play
Just what happened to Yamazaki's and Satou's "True World"
It's just so repetitive and tedious to actually build something with it.
Thats what I dont like about it.
Maybe not "normies" but not like "these people could be my friends IRL", more like "this is a fantasy reality I'm watching but am very far from being a part of".
Accurate. Thats exactly how I feel. Last fantasy show I got into was Oregairu. I struck me like bomb. Not only because the fantasy/plot was something I never got to experience, but because if I was in the MCs position, I d have acted completely different, thus making the outcomes completely the opposite of what would have happened to me.
People have outright called me a creep to my face, threatened me.
Exactly the reason why I feel so much loathe for people around me. Meeting people is like playing russian roulette. Each time you "spin that chamber" you are closer to meeting the architect of your demise.
I don't go out of my way to make others feel uncomfortable but I have very weird autistic body language, and the more I go in life the more I realize all the weird habits / tics I have that make me seem crazy to others.
Me neither, not because I m particularly a good person, but because I simply want to be left alone. I dont want to cause a ruckus. I just want to not be "spottable".
It hurts me because as a person I'm well-meaning and want to make others happy, but everyone hates me and I feel like I'm trapped in a shell that makes everyone hate me.
I can sort of relate to that. Yeah... It would be nice to be able to share my interests with someone but... I realize the nature of humans, and how would they react if they truly knew how am I, and thus I refuse to take part in any of that non sense.
It's about high schoolers and gets pretty wholesome and becomes like a standard slice of life anime but I like it.
It's hard to find anime about losers, especially adult losers so I take what I can get.
What do you mean by that?
In my case, I usually feel uneasy when i hear people giggling behind my back, and whispering things to each other. I can hear each and one of them and, despite being a retarded thought, I think they are mocking me. Just like Satou feels when he is being mocked by that cocky son of a bitch of a teacher he met at one of Yamazaki's trade school classes. I get spooked when random people gaze at me. Sometimes when I go outside and I see someone with a phone looking at me from a distance I think they are calling someone to go and assault me since I look like an easy prey.
I dont think I m meant for this world. I m just part of a natural selection process, where the successful prospects survive and the trash dies by itself (me).
Recently I ve trying to come to terms with who I really am. I m aware of my weakness (craving for human connections, tho I m not suited for it), and many other desires that cant be fulfilled. I acknowledge the presence of "good traits" in my persona, tho they dont make up for the amount of bad ones I got. But nonetheless, I m still each and one of those traits, regardless if they contradict each other, and thus, I m a MESS.
Thats what I m, I m a MESS.
The first time I watched it, I thought it was funny.
The second time I watched it, I felt personally attacked. All the criticisms thrown at Satou could easily be thrown at me too.
The second time I watched it, I felt personally attacked.
Once you accept that those things are part of what you are, it doesnt feel like an attack anymore. Maybe melancholy, but not an offense. I m just like: "Meh... I guess I m like that. What am I gonna do?"
All the criticisms thrown at Satou could easily be thrown at me too.
That too. I felt particularly the moment Yamazaki called out Satou for being self centered.
"Satou, you are not much interested in other people, are you?"
And then proceeds to force him to care about his situation by asking him about stuff Satou never thought about before.
And its true. Satou only thinks about how he can maintain the lifestyle he has until now. He is usually in his own world.
Never seen it I liked the book though
I don't know if I'd say you're not meant for this world. Most people are kind of fucked up, they just hide it well or are fucked up in a more socially acceptable way. I relate to the feelings here but I try to avoid catastrophic thinking even though it happens a lot. I'm going to try to find something in this world even though I'm a fuckup.
I relate to the paranoia and many times people have actually done things to me, so it's an overreaction but caused by real trauma.
What do you mean by that?
I mean that too many things going on at once causes me to lag like a computer. I get overstimulated and can't think properly when too much is happening. But my threshold for "too much is happening" is much lower than normal people. So it could be like, I see bright lights or hear loud music, or hear too many people talking, and it causes me to not be able to remember anything people say. I also do things really slowly due to really bad anxiety, like sometimes when I go to a store I'll move around visibly slowly to others. It's really weird behavior lol.
Just what happened to Yamazaki's and Satou's "True World"
Exactly lol, I could relate so much.
True, but doing nothing is also leading to your demise, thats' what I realized.
I can't imagine anyone watching this show and thinking Misaki exists unless they're like a teenager and living in a fantasy world.
i think manga misaki exists, but it's important to avoid that. anime misaki is too good for this world.
i hope you find happiness, anon.
I relate to the paranoia and many times people have actually done things to me, so it's an overreaction but caused by real trauma.
This. Is not bare delusion. Bad shit has happened before.
I mean that too many things going on at once causes me to lag like a computer. I get overstimulated and can't think properly when too much is happening. But my threshold for "too much is happening" is much lower than normal people. So it could be like, I see bright lights or hear loud music, or hear too many people talking, and it causes me to not be able to remember anything people say. I also do things really slowly due to really bad anxiety
Its like you focus on those little things that unsettle you, and you get overflowed by it.
True, but doing nothing is also leading to your demise, thats' what I realized.
At least its not a painful path. I prefer being here, in my room, than to go out there and suffer realtime pain. Its already over, and I m trying to come to terms with it. 
Some day I will die, but for the time thats left, I wont subject myself to meaningless pain and fear.
i think manga misaki exists, but it's important to avoid that. anime misaki is too good for this world.
Not him but I think the last sentence is fucking BS. She is not a good person. She manipulated Satou for her own gain. I m no one to blame her or call her out on her actions, but I wouldnt like the idea of having someone playing schemes on me for her own gain. Thats deceitful and extremely manipulative. I hate that.
Just a random thought I ve always had around. Besides the fact that waiting for a Misaki is not realistic, my thought goes more on the wave of "why the fuck would someone like to have a Misaki in their lives"?
Wishful thinking
I'm probably never going to watch it a second time. It's very depressing and boring
That's what I do but with trailer park boys. Nick mullen put it eloquently as waking up in the morning and thinking "I wonder what Ricky and Julian are up to today". I'm obsessed with the show to an unhealthy degree.
Wtf, this thread was on page 10 lol
It is what it is
cute kyoko!
truly a patrician taste thread
Indeed she is. Just like that cute partner of hers
social sugiurity!
Sugiura Himalayano!
Always been my favorite anime ever since watching it on netflix on my 3ds back in the day. One of the only shows that understands the robot struggle. Currently listening to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3ufGmccc-0 [Embed] from the OST having a nice little cry
Currently listening to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3ufGmccc-0 [Embed] from the OST having a nice little cry
I listen to this show OST on the regular. Mixed it up with some other feels soundtrack and music whenever I feel down. 
When I want to bust a good tear, I listen to this one. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU_UvSMseBE [Embed]
Reminds me how absolutely over it is, and that perpetual synth sound in the background is the only thing that keeps a hold of my entire surroundings. Idk, maybe I m a little tipsy rn and I m talking non sense. But what I m trying to say is that this particular soundtrack creates a sort of bubble for me. A bubble that traps me in and allows me to cry my guts off or take a good rest after some awful thoughts. Nothing else matters.
Sounds cozy and oddly stimulating. The thought of watching a tv series on a fun small sized portable gaming console is just fun
sorry its not overproduced trash where all the audio is way too perfect sounding and all the girls look like whores and theres no epic fight scenes. go eat your goyslop shonen retard.
Have you watched Monogatari? I liked it and i liked Nhk.
Didn't expect this thread to still be alive.
Agreed. I started to suspect something was up with how miserable and uninterested the other guys were.
I use the series as a whole as a cautionary tale. How my life could end up if I quit my job. Works quite well.
Zoomer, can you please leave the board. 
You clearly weren't here 15 years ago so can you please just leave?
Go watch your little fight shows and live your normie life bye.
the OST really is something special, Gosui ni Tarasu Tsuri Ito is super powerful and melancholy as well, definitely great to feel to after a few drinks. I've listened to all the songs from it so many times but they really do capture such a specific vibe and ennui that I can't find anywhere else. 
It was super comfy, though watching it on my 3ds back before school nights in high school was completely different to watching it now though, never thought I'd be able to relate to the characters as much as I do now.
