24-26 virgin thread.
How do you guys cope with being halfway to wizardhood?
I just turned 30 like 9 days ago.
Weirdly specific thread, but here I am. It doesn't bother me much itt, I feel like if I stopped being a shut in I could get laid pretty easily. When I was younger most of the pain was based on a feeling of rejection which I no longer feel
I recently turned 27 and have fully accepted that I will become a wizard now. I just cope by eating and immersing myself in my IT career.
How do you guys cope with being halfway to wizardhood?
Learn things, play games, try not to think about romance and the like.
Are you Still a Virgin? Nigga?
if you have 30 its Very Hard in that Age to have Teen Prime Pussy
Pretty easily honestly. Having sex was never a priority for me, when I barely function as a human being in general.
Wouldn't you be halfway to wizardhood by the age of 15?
OP probably thought in the way of wizardhood never really materializing as an issue until you're 20 and realize that its not going to get better without major change in your life
Only 4 years from wizardhood, that is if I don't burn out my liver/kidneys first from alcohol.
15 is the average age to lose your virginity
Men age like wine, roastie.
We dont hit the wall like you.
Teenage girls only lust after us more as we get older.
Men hit their peak at 50 years old.
25, turning 26 this year.
its really starting to sink in how fucked my life turned out. never imagined this, always pictured that i'd kill myself by now or that things would just get better somehow.
i cope by avoiding the issue and distracting myself like i always has, broken occasionally by me trying to improove and promise myself i'll make it better but it always falls apart, i eventually break and start drinking heavily, its the one thing that makes me feel good anymore, gives me the happy feeling you got when you woke up and realized its christmas or coming home from school on the last day before vacation. nice break from the monotonous dredge life is now.
sex itself has become less of an issue the older i get. to me it was always something i wanted to have done more than actually do. emotional connection grows more important every day tho as i've healed from growing up around around people incapable of forming such.
so TL;DR: i cope badly and its getting worse.
25yo virgin and I literally never cared to change it.
About to turn 23, literally old man status. My biggest pain is still how much others get laid though/how good their lives are. It sucks being horny yes but knowing they get their dicks licked hurts way more
just see a prostitute bro.
wish i did that to spice my life up instead of drugs. the money is gone either way. 
maybe the confidence of not being a complete virgin would take me forward in life.
Work and sleep thats it
Play the same vidya and pretend im enjoying myself
everything happens for a reason...x
Women provide 2 things: 
1: Companionship 
2: Sex 
For the first, I have friends, for the second, I jerk off. I'm open to the idea of a girlfriend, but I don't feel like I'm missing anything major.
