fuck niggers edition
dailymotion.com/chemistsand420
you know, raysissm is not cool even if its true
shut the fuck up
fuck niggers
Threadly reminder to rub one out
Pump your cock and have a massive satisfying orgasm
Imagine it being smothered between some tight juicy pussy or some pazuri
you better not be the schizotroon
i'm saving my seed until after finals, my sperm are absorbing knowledge which i will blow my load on the final page of my physics exam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLY_lYySDJM [Embed]
For me, it's female anal.
i just did not too long ago
felt good ig
same except i also like it when they pee
i'm so ashamed of both but i still find it hot
this anon is a glowie, I have been strongly compelled to masturbate today for seemingly no reason, theres no way its coincidence
But my dick is ruined from ssri pills since I was 5 and I have no interest due to opi
mmm tasty fruity chinese chemicals
oofy ouchie my lungs
can smoking bongs fuck up your lymph nodes the right side of the back of my head hurts like hell.
been taking adderall and lyrica and now i can't fap
up til 4am off dxm and ketamine listening to summrs
What a horrible combo how much lyrica did you take
600mg i thought they would be synergistic
Lel just started getting into ketamine recently and really been fucking loving it it's the perfect rave drug way better than molly even. I've been doing pretty small key bumps off it though so I still have no clue how the hell people can k hole from this thing it's been really easy smooth sailing for me so far
You gotta be really careful because lyrica makes other stuff more potent and often i cant get fucking hard when i take them. Definitely favorite of mine is weed promethazine and just a tiny bit of oxys (ofc all just with lyrica not as cocktail) comes from a 5 year lyrica lover
enjoy low tolorance while u still can dont forget to stay hydrated and not swallow the drip
its fucking magical nothing else makes me feel like k does i do it like its weed wouldnt say its better than m though
weed is degenerate
sounds like a good combo to me
Well the results of fasting before taking LSD are pretty simple. It didn't necessarily increase the speed with which the lsd took off. It did make the two tabs more intense. Definitely worth while to fast the day before an acid trip.
At some points the visual strength reminded me of 2C-B. When I went to bed I had the strangest CEV for a few hours. They'd actually disappear entirely when I was able to identify what they corelated to from earlier in the day. Strange tail end experience. Definitely a far more unique one than when I ended an lsd trip with Elden Ring. I was forever tumbling down some cathedral tower in that one.
wanna get your opinions because you guys are based. my weed dealer usually has hybrids which I buy but at the moment he only has indicas.
I want weed that makes me feel euphoric and is great for concerts/live music. I probably don't want a weed that once I smoke, I don't want to move, I wanna be able to smoke it and have a bit of energy and just an all round head and body high that is energetic and euphoric.
I've read that indicas are not right for that, but then I've also read that the sativa/indica stuff is all marketing bullshit. Just wanted to get your opinions, should I buy or should I wait for him to restock hybrids?
Its not marketing, the different strains do different things. Take hemp for example, same family of plant, but it doesn't get you high. Sativas usually grow longer and have smaller, lighter buds. That's the one that makes you feel more ambitious. Indica grows large dense buds and can couch lock you. Hybrids are more unique so it depends on the stain to tell how it works.
so if i'm looking for weed for music festivals, I shouldn't waste my time with indicas and I should wait for him to restock?
i wanna try smoking weed, how much should i smoke? i don't want to vomit or some stupid shit like that.
Got scammed out of my last $400 and these 10 grams were supposed to last me the month may ....
Vendor used to be good, already starting to feel sober, don't like this one bit
roll a joint and smoke about a quarter of it, put it out and watch fellowship of the ring, light the joint again when Bilbo vanishes in front of all the other hobbits
I swallow it, why shouldn't I?
buy edibles instead
eat around 10mg (eyeball it if your edible has more than that) and then DO NO EAT ANY MORE your first time
Fuck fuck fuck, it for some reason has a ridiculous long come up, maybe because it's like powdered sugar this time and it gk stuck in throat?
Also it's not feeling like normal stuff , might just be an anxiety attack doe.
If I die, my stuff goes to who ever is willing to fight to the death , and of those the last one standing
i've tried edibles but i seem to be missing the enzyme do digest thc. unfortunately :(
i wish i liked that movie. thanks tho!
Damn it , was just an anxiety attack. Life is so unfair, I was product and anxiety free and very content with my life for the first time EVER. I was born with mental illness and now thanks to skem scumbag I'm back to being an basket case
guys, i am sickly dependent on benzos, do i try to convince my doc to keep prescribing them or deal with the absolute hell of quitting them? personally i dont want to go through hell, but it severely shits on job prospects
Talk go your doc to get you slowly off them. Never go cold it can impact your body and even kill you
friend gave me about 50~ 15mg dexies about a month ago for 'finals', most of them are gone due to rec use. would it be weird if I asked him for more? i didn't pay the first time but I'm willing to pay the second. he has a ridic script and has literally 150+ at any one time. or do i just go to my gp and try to get him to switch me to a stim instead of fucking strattera?
I think of all the education that I missed
But then my homework was never quite like this
Just for you anon orgnamluy
unf more
Sorry for blowing and slamming, anyhow I have an emergency stash of 10 hits of really good stuff, took one of those and felt nothing
Clearly something is wrong with me , the drugs just stopped working. Maybe some kind of werid OD?
Coommaxxing
Sorry for blogging and spamming*
Just tried valerian root for the first time. This seems like a miracle herb. It honestly feels like Im on benzos right now. Im supposed to start a new job tomorrow and normally I would be a nervous wreck but I feel amazing right now. This is only my second day taking it but so far I cant see any negatives to this. I read about it for years and thought it was a meme but if anyone has anxiety or sleep issues this may be worth a shot.
Weed and alcohol are pretty dull and I've basically quit. Recomend me some drugs that are better.
any canada rc stims on the clearnet? no sourcing ofc. do i really have to go to onions?
Yep, I wonder if you can get pic related without peroxide
High doses of Vyvanse or Adderall do fuck all to me. Why is this the case?
Age,sex,height ? Medical conditions? Any drug use(if so length of use, how much)?
When did symptoms first appear?
Are you sexually active ?
Have you been in tall grass recently ?
Have you ate any sushi lately?
Yeah, I know there are a lot of variables, but even just a general idea as to why stims might not work on me would satisfy my curiosity.
I have ADD, but neither of these medications seem to put a dent in it whatsoever.
gotta get off them asap, man
you stop thinking the same after a while
where do you live? here in the states its pretty difficult getting a decent Adderall script, especially if youre looking for ir
same here, i think some people are just predisposed to higher stim tolerance. takes about 90mgs of dex for me to geek (60 if i insufflate it) and to get a solid roll i need to take at least a .4 of m. just water fast before you geek so that your body absorbs as much as possible
Way too many possibilities, I'll just say genetics case closed. If you don't give us more information there is countless possibilities
accidentally tried cold turkey and it was bad enough i had to go to the hospital because of it after a week and had to take them as usual again
even waning off them a little is shitting on me after about 1.5 month so far. i still have to take extra once or twice each week as the withdrawal is killing me
ive been on them for years. pretty sure its too late and i should just go all in and try to get neetbux based on "medically induced disabledness"
i think differently on them, but its so much better than without them
IVE GOT IT BAD, SOOO BAD
in terms of long term healthy use? music and exercise. that's about it.
mor
what does sushi have to do with things?
don't go all in, i have a friend who is a neet pill addict and every time i talk to him it's like there's less of him around, no high is worth doing that do yourself.
its not even for a high, its just to function more or less normally
For me if I take too much it loops around to being ineffective. Maybe there's only so many relevant receptors before you're just flooding your nervous system with crap.
I was just curious if they had sushi is all
you can achieve that without making yourself a robot, i dont know your situation but your best course of action is definetly to start at least cutting down and trying to improve other facets of your life little by little
where can i get drugs in norgay
Not if you're an autistic like me ;)
Fuck this mentally ill faggot.
How would it hit to get a line followed by a crack hit? Has anyone here done it? 
Tomorrow I am going on a trip to another place to schedule an appointment with the dentist due to my poor oral health, I have several things in mind to do there before returning to my place of stay, I am going to buy 2 bags of a 0.250/0.600mg , a box (1g) of crack and some tramadol and codeine in pills for the crash.
many days of fun I will have these days
niggers do drugs, you do drugs. 
you're basically all niggers
niggers breathe air, you breathe air
you're basically a nigger
go to bars and strip clubs
fuck niggers
fuck niggers
fuck fuck niggersniggers
other than phenmetrazines, dimethocaine and phenethylamines there aren't any legal stimulants in leafland. you could get DMAA i think, but that shit fucking sucks. weak as hell.
holy shit i'm finally black? omw to get my reparations rn
why are all the domestic leaf offers on onions fucking suck? i just want some cathinones man
Aw god too much lyrica can make you extremely depressed I'm at 2000 now and i feel good and bad at the same time the come down is s bitch
that requires going outside :( isnt it possible to get this stuff online? im not really sure where to look
just google how to use darknets. there are literal step by step tutorials on reddit on how to access markets and purchase products.
thats a big help, thank you!
any canadian anons order from nl recently, success rates? been eyeing some dissos but not sure how wise that move would be
haven't recently but unless its from a DNM i wouldn't bother personally. i've had some success, but about half of my orders from dutch RC markets never showed up and i got a love letter for 1 of them. its just because they don't bother stealthing at all because they don't need to if most of their customer base is buying within euroland. 
even if the RC site claims "stealth" it never actually is, or at least not nearly to the degree of what you'd get off DNMs.
do you think i'll make it bros?
Poorboral health bros !
Nonsense, I've been trying to contain myself. That's why I just ordered a new chastity cage.
Fuck forgot to sleep, and I said if drugs interfere with job I'm done but I've been addicted to opis since oct..... Well I mean if I don't fuck up at work I'm fine. Just gotta grab some monster energy drink and meat
that cavity looks quite expanded and seems to have been in it for a long time, mine have not yet fully matured (you can barely see a few tiny dots on them), for brief moments they hurt and when chewing something the pain intensifies.
It's the consequences of worrying more about getting high and getting the next bag than my health.
I forgot to reschedule my appoint from back in September, gonna get that one pulled. Look at it, it's pretty much in salvageable now
Yeah that looks bad, I think the only way to smooth the situation as effectively as possible would be to have it removed, better one tooth less than the rest of them.
Mate wait until you try mdma and ketamine together, absolute game changer for raving. 
Also definitely worth exploring the hole, it's really nice laying in a dark room with headphones in and feeling your body fold up and fly around in different dimensions
Hard times, hard times since my baby's gone
Valerian, ashawaganda and camomile is about as close to getting high without actually getting high you can get. Really calms me the fuck down on a Sunday night when I'm dealing with the return to work horrors
Does vasconstriction/orgasm supression effect the prostate?
Anyone else just not interested in drugs anymore after an intense experience with psychedelics? I took too much shrooms last year and ended up taking around 10-15g by accident, and ever since that day I just don't find drugs interesting anymore, not even a little alcohol, in fact I feel bad whenever I indulge in any sort of escapism. I just feel like I've seen it all after that, I don't there there's nothing else to see, I saw everything that day, and talked to a lot of weird entities that made me aware I wasn't living my life the correct way, from that point forward I live my life trying to sort out all the issues I was made aware of I had.
mushrooms notoriously kill cravings for all kinds of drugs, theyre starting to use it for addiction therapy.
heres the thing, my psych offered me stims but i wanted to try straterra first (worried about my usage but didnt say that). sadly straterra does jack shit for my actual adhd and isnt fun at all so idk how to convince them to switch me to stims. a month on straterra and ive been sleeping all day lol. i cant see my psych for another few weeks so i have to try to convince my gp. my gp who said that straterra is basically adderall. ...... i live in canada btw. im so fucking dumb for turning down the script from my psych 60 dollars a month for bogus pills
yep i feel the same way
its just people drag me into their addiction when im good by myself
Everyone does coke now. The cool rebellious aspect of it is gone. Time to move on to smack.
I have no idea mate. I just know it feels good when I stop jerking off for a few days, and even better when I do it again or have sex. Downside is I cum too quick from the lack of stimulation. Just finished a session and my brain's dopamine receptors feel fried even without any drugs.
I'll have to try ashwaganda again. I only ever had it in capsules but I think the store near me sells the roots too. Do you mix them all together?
Also ever tried kava? Just started drinking it and havent really noticed any effects. But also heard it can take a couple weeks to build up in your system before you will notice. I really just like the numbing effect it has when you chew the roots. Its crazy expensive though so I doubt I will buy it over valerian again
coke has always been a turbo normie drug. crack has always been the cool rebellious choice
hey guys opinions on mixing met and heroin?
planning to smoke both from a pyrex crackpipe
Where's the lactating man? He was cool, I wish I could talk to him about sucking his milkers again, watching him squirt it into a tiny cup like before. So cute.
bump
fuck Niggers..fuck
No answer for this? 
The night is getting shorter and tomorrow morning I'm leaving for the other port, I know that a few blocks from the place the dealers will be waiting for me, it won't be difficult for me to get drugs and return home with them in well internal places of my utensils/clothes to pass back in a normal way and without feeling nervous. 
I have about 4/5 days available there and I'm going to collect everything I can and go to the streets to find some guys with the same mentality to get high and have a wild day/night/early morning.
Bumping this dead thread
People outside 80s inner city African American ghettoes have used crack?
My kratom use has gotten absurd. I've gone through almost 150grams in a week. I haven't really quit in over a year, besides one time I went like 5 or 6 weeks. I'm really a bit worried what the withdrawals will be like when I finally quit. Also doing any substance this much this frequently is definitely going to have side effects. It's a mystery what the long term impact is going to be
Tried it once to no effect, tried it year or so later and tried using it regularly still no noticeable effect. Only thing I remember is thinking the taste was unbearable
8:13PM here,need answer asap
It would put a dangerous amount of strain on your heart
Im proudly a male straight adult-loli
It is worth it to visit Canada for the drugs and the thriving soul.
Canada and Japan are above all the problems in the world 
I wish for that soul to spread to all
Uh huh? Well, looking at it another way, I have nothing to lose by making the attempt, I have almost died in the hospital, it was a miracle that those intravenous fluids saved my life. Having bad eating habits, lack of exercise, not having a fixed sleeping schedule (could spend all day awake), drinking up to 8 cups of coffee in the morning and afternoon, that's what he sent to the observation room, I would like show you my hospitalization file there but I can't have access to it and the jannies banned me from the IP.
Just finished a semester at uni with a 3.3 GPA and Im gunna be doing some weed tonight for the first time in a few weeks. I hope you lads are having a dandy weekend.
Im going to try and get testing for autism this summer after 6 years of putting it off.
All drugs are legal in Canada and many stores sell shrooms, LSD, DMT, mescaline, peyote, coca leafs, and etc 
Especially in Vancouver.
Spread the word. I think the awareness will save lives in countries where drugs are wrongly illegal.
It is utmost awful to think people in the USA are in jail for doing drugs, and the war on drugs is absolutely absurd.
Cartels would not be a problem if people didnt give a fuck. Canada simply does not have crime anymore and gangs have become reputable legal businesses.
After the prohibition, many mafias kept running breweries and made far more wealth than they ever couldve dreamed as criminals
Also drugs can be innovated like cyberpunk/cyberutopia, biopunk/bioutopia etc 
Drugpunk/drugutopia = divinity
Drugs have all potential 
And all negative aspects can be eliminated 
Oo science
I fucking hate that I go through the same cycle every week of deciding that I'm going to stop smoking weed and then, come Friday, I tell myself this is the last time I do it and the cycle continues. I feel so miserable without it and I barely make it to the end of the week.
kek I went through something similar with adderall, eventually decided to stop and go through the withdrawals. best decision of my life, fuck that thing.
I don't even smoke weed barely ever it makes me so fucking paranoid and anxious
i think my massive bong/bubbler rips finally caught up to me, had a sore throat a month ago, transitioned to a dry throat mainly at night, then a dry throat constantly, now i have a sharp pain in the right side of my throat near the back of my tongue. got some doctor appointments checking it out on monday and tuesday though. my throat has always been raped by my massive hits.
I've experienced this, I think its just you put too much in and your body becomes overloaded and it does nothing. I get cracked on 15-30mg and anything more than that is a waste of time.
can hardly believe people still smoke, protect ya dang lungs throat and mouth frens. else you may end up like >>73159687 (hopefully just a stubborn canker sore)
how? so far even going down a little has been a horrible experience and the fact docs say it can last years, i wonder if all the side effects and dependence is better in the long term
Probably a case of strep throat, laryngitis or esophagitis. My money is on the last one, will keep you updated.
dab pen probably just as damaging as smoking
I remember getting strep-like symptoms at least twice during that year of smoking, might be what it is. the dry stingy swallowing is nasty.
well I use an e-nail but just as damaging? no way! Vapors of concentrated THC/Terps vs. Smoke from combusting plant matter &amp; scorched oil... yeah they're both hot air and slightly damaging that way but otherwise dabs win every metric. can't see how dabs would be anywhere near as bad, if it's even bad at all
Yeah, could be, but I remember having strep throat when I was 13 and it was more of just the difficulty swallowing right away. I think this is esophagitis or something caused by smoking.
snapping .5g bowls/cones through after roasting slow as possible then clearing in one hit was so damn satisfying, made the coughing and few throat troubles worth it. 
closest way with dabs is slightly overheating a large banger with a restrictive cap &amp; high dose.
Weeds getting legal in Germany. Gonna grow just to give it away, just because I can. I don't like to smoke but some shrooms are fine as hell
come down of a weekend of rave/dxm (2 days in a row) i dream about being in lebron james home and getting stabbed 37 times in my back but i was in a bed and i was thinking ok i should let him stab me he thinks i'm gonna die soon enough
Tomorrow I think I'm gonna get out my old large vaporizer unit. I didn't make the connection until it got worse after smoking today, tomorrow it's vapor only.
low dose dxm or better yet get a hobby or a life
Ya kind of but it was a slow burn, and mostly lost my taste for hard stuff but I still drink
god bless psychs those scary mother fuckers, had a great time and don't feel like doing it again
Wide racist cumsock
red pill me about CBD
I use kava occasionally, I find it's good to relieve harder drug cravings, but I'm only recently off a several month dependence on benzos. It's quite nice if you mix it with weed, quite a heavy relaxing feeling.
tonsil stone incoming
If I had twelve erics and nine steves I could jack-knife the penis wheels and agitate the fuselage
I think acid is trying to tell me that I should just be myself and give even less of a fuck what others think of me since most people are NPCs anyway. I also really need to stop letting incel shit corrupt my mind, I've spent the last year or two just being miserable over having no gf
WOAH GUYS ACID IS SO PROFOUND MAN PSYCHEDELICS CHANGED MY LIFE YO
Normalfags are right, it's better to be a super confident autist than a dude who is miserable because he thinks too much about what others think of him.
I did weed heavily for 3 months to help me with benzos withdrawals and now I'm withdrawing from that as well.
I don't mind being unconfortable but I'm leaving for a week to see my best friend and his new gf and really don't want to puke or shit myself when I get there.
What do I do? Postpone quitting? I've already gone 3 days without it so I don't want to ruin my efforts but I'm not sure how to tackle that situation otherwise.
Vape bleach and burn down your own house
TFW first sunny day and having a mental breakdown , not sure if drugs or autism or staying up 36 hours .
Either way I wish I never got my cats , because I woulda un alived without a doubt
Thinking of calling off work and doing my emergency K, this seems like a good reason
You mock but the 'revelations' that come with the psychedelic state tend to be valuable precisely because they're so obvious they fly under the nose. Knock the filters off of what you perceive and one of the big takeaways a lot of the time is an appreciation for something obvious you've been neglecting or something common that you've been failing to appreciate.
evens I start my tolerance break
odds I call my guy
Done, the withdrawals are still here, what now?
Scream niggers at the top of your lungs and dropkick someone on the street
guy status: called
i took xanax saturday for the first time, and i liked it.
like i really liked it. is this a problem?
if you try a new drug and your first thought is "damn, that was great! I want to do that again!" you should be careful
Eat six at onces and shit out your eyes for great justice
whenever I start coming down off psychedelics I get a strong evolutionary desire to an hero. I am suicidal but mostly just ideate about it but it's lot more pronounced on psychedelics, but only on the comedown? the peak on the other hand is always so euphoric
in a month tops you'll be loudly talking to yourself in public, buying ice cream and socks for homeless people, falling on train tracks, and get arrested for aggressively harassing cops
No sorry thats retarded you're just suicidal. Evolution implies development, not the destruction of any development at all.
I do get the sensation on shrooms sometimes that it wouldn't be so bad if I just blinked out of existence suddenly and without warning.
is it true that cocaine improves cardiac function and makes you heart stronger?
how come bees do suicide attacks all the time then?
to protect the rest of the colony. they die so other bees can live.
So I guess the question then becomes; 'How could your suicide possibly benefit others?'
unless you die taking out some sort of threat to others then it wouldn't be the same. the main goal would have to be protecting others, with your death only being a result of that action.
i don't think you need a reason to kill yourself or anything stupid like that btw, i just agree with the other guy that it isn't an evolutionary desire. literally no other animal on this planet posses to ability to fight the natural instinct of survival like we can. its probably the least evolutionary thing you can do. its not like bees kill themselves intentionally or because they hold strong feelings about their situation. 
also i get the same thing on psychs, where 90% of the trip is euphoric but the comedown makes me idealize suicide so hard.
why? my HPPD goes fucking mental when i'm driving
Why are humans like this...?
It's because you're a faggot, Anon.
Best drug to take a shit on?
that is not what i was saying at all. i was explaining that bees don't actually commit suicide.
I am high and on a plane. Ate an edible and drank a beer and I'm feeling good. Gonna be on vacation the next week, hope other anons are doing alright
Just came off a bender and realised I was fired from my job and my girlfriend cheated on me recently but I'm doing alright
Honestly just a step or two back from trying coke and being like "Damn, that's my FAVOURITE". Being hooked on benzos is like the Pokemon evolution of being a serious alcoholic - withdrawal can straight up kill you, you're constantly risking blacking out and doing God knows what, and it's a sedative pressed pill, which means pretty bad odds for fent contamination on a scale of weed to heroin.
...but what is it based upon?
Just ordered some 2c-b from the darknet and it will be my first time trying it. Anybody have experiences to share?
With the legalization of weed in half the states and USPS requiring a warrant to open parcels, I imagine there are a lot of services that will ship things to you from legal states?
Does anyone know any sites so I know to avoid them? I specifically want to avoid vape pens as that's my usual devil.
just use the dark web retard
which market?
how does one go about getting modafinil in europe these days? i used to be able to order on the clearnet, is it just available on darknet now?
man these 3rd parties are all like "we're anonymous lulz but give us your phone number for verification" yeah fuckin right
I think I'd rather just drive to a legal state, buy a bunch of weed and ship it to myself, much easier
I love ebidles
lol is it that perhaps everyone in this thread is a sensitive faggots and only knows about weed, THC gummies and other shitty drugs? where are the users of crack, coke, glue inhalants and shoe polish? real addictions and dangerous drugs that carry damage to the body, where are they? I can't see them.
I'm a sensitive THC gummy fag, I need to hold down my six figure job and stay in shape so I can't be cool and do crack like you
very relatable. i love getting high off weed and gummies but i'm never gonna do anything more than that, I have a functioning life and a high paying job I need to maintain
real degen junkies are always miserable fags that bring a shit vibe to the thread. its always complaining about their shit life or bragging about how they are knowingly committing suicide via drugs like its cool. nobody wants to see that pathetic shit.
I have a spring break, so I have few days off. I was feeling tired after family visit yesterday but I still decided to do my monday trip. I was thinking 2 tabs of acid wouldn't hurt, I would just lie down in my bed and dissociate mentally while listening to music and get some rest. Few hours later I realized a grave mistake of my actions, I haven't took acid in so long I forgot what it does to you when you take 2 tabs each rated to be around 240ug.
fuck off normalniggers wrong board
did coke recently and will quite possible never do it again shitty high that only makes you want to take more and next day(s) you feel like shit
lol, lmao, chuckling at the state of (you)
is there much difference between amphetamine and methamphetamine at low doses?
I used to be an incel but then I got /fit/, now I just come here for drugfeel occasionally
I dindu nuffin to you
24 hours from finishing my junior year with a 3.7
oh that's right could you point me to the >>>/drug/ board? oh wait it doesn't exist you dumb nigger. this is the drug thread for all of the 4 channels
incels are just normalfags of a different variety, the most repulsive and self obsessed variant of a normie
true
we drugchads are the only enlightened ones on this planet of sickly people
It seems to me that there is too much hypocrisy/prudeness on this site, you all have to be more open-minded and start learning about other little-spoken things here. 
And that is the incredible thing about the world of drugs and that I will always go deeper into it, that you learn things that you would never know if it were not for the daily use of them, tricks and ingenious behaviors for daily living and dealing with the society in an astute way, people of the same environment and of all kinds of mentality, etc. 
I fucking love being a total swinger/libertine without limits.
that's what i >>73167449 mean
i don't judge the cracksmoker anon for smoking crack instead of just smoking weed and drinking beer a few times a week like me, we simply have different levels of functional usage. if anything he's stronger than me because i have to restrain myself from buying liquor because i know it makes me go into a binge spiral and i'd fuck up my life
i aint gon hold you thats cap
2cb is great. good memories of taking it with my boys and just driving around and doing whippets
phenethylamines are the best psychedelics imo
im not judging anyone for smoking crack, its just acting like it makes you some kind of fuckin cool guy is extremely pathetic.
if you have to posture to feel secure about your DOC, youre a fucking faggot, simple as.
You can see my previous posts, I had a trip planned to the other side of the city but my grandmother didn't want to offer me a stay so I went to the local ATM to withdraw what little I had for a gram of crack and some cheap weed, it's a great rock to tell the truth, I could get units for up to a week.Had already tried crack some time ago but for economic reasons I tried it again and now I have been smoking it recreationally, I still have not developed a tolerance to it and I feel the initial effects quite intensely.
jewish mysticism literally holds all of the secrets of the universe what the fuck no wonder they own the entire world
the few times I thought I had 250ug tabs pretty sure it was dob or doc because I had 3 day long trips. Didn't test it tho. Just send it nigga
I have been smoking weed nonstop for a decade basically, only a few t-breaks and I am beginning to get very depressed. I feel slow due to the weed. I had a leucotomy due to being high. I want a real girlfriend and nobody will stay at all, I live with the reality that I cannot keep a girlfriend due to marijuana abuse and retardation that comes from it. All the girls think I'm gross and my temperament is bad. Maybe it's the booze or the cigarettes but I doubt it. I hate my life truly. I keep smoking concentrates and being forever alone. I even smoke meth but it doesn't help. I am just very lonely and everyone thinks I'm gross. Stay away from weed if you're single
At least you have the joy of being able to put a line in and get it inside,because for me,it doesn't even have an effect on me anymore.
to clear dysgenic qualities out of the gene pool
onsrs thats how i move. fuck a test kit
fentanyl analog. weed and Valium for me tonight
yeah it's definitely the weed and not the meth
I quit adderall a week ago and it's great
Defentinely top tier, guarenteed good time as long as your not reckless, test it though
sheeeesh you r reading my mind
I was on two tabs of acid before, I figured I wouldn't be going to bed for at least 8h more so I figured I would add some actual tryptamines in. I made a small concoction of 4-ho-mipt, 4-aco-det and 5-meo-mipt. Whole pill was 65mg total. So it would be around 25-25-15. I'm not even seeing fractals, the "pushy" forcefields of 5-meo are kinda obstructing my view. It doesn't even have a fractal of its own, it's just mellow nothing. But it feels like it has volume, and god does it speak volumes to me.
hey gaise. i've got a question for the mdma users
basically i ruined my brain normal tolerance with 4 years of antidepressants. i've been off that shit for close to a year now. around 2 months after being completely free from them, i bough like 14 pills of mdma. I took 4, waited 40 minutes and just noticed a slight, very weak rush. so i did the rest of them and had it hit me with everything it got.
it was a great time, but its been 8 months since that and i've done my very best to bring that tolerance down (healthy food, lifting, diet, vitamins, etc). i still have a tolerance to everything, i realized it this weekend with a joint i smoked. i got a bit higher than i could, but not by much.
so i bought a gram of m which i'll take this saturday. do you think 500mg would do the trick?
what brand do you get kratom from? im just over drinking and weed.
u r a sick human being and this is coming from someone who used to do 800mg of dxm throwing up at every rave and being half conscious losing my wallet every night
I'm six feet tall, over 300 pounds and at the very peak of my "doing it every month" tolerance I would only ever do 300 mg and change in a night, over one main drop and a booster. I'm real fucking antsy about the prospect of 500 mg on anyone.
"Losing the magic" is a thing people talk about and it's not terribly responsive to just cranking up the dose. I would seriously consider that this may be the case for you, and at any rate titrate your dosage up if you're going to keep trying. Absolutely do not jump straight to 500 mg.
5-meo goodness is over, what a wonderland
Makes me kind of curious of what people constitute as reaching a state of heaven within their minds. Normally I would associate this with stuff like doing H for the first time or whatever opioid users do. Not like I know I only did codeine and trams, and opium from my poppies. For me the blissful state is within the infinite interaction, unlimited access to ideas completely unobstructed by physical realm.
Redpill me on the 5-meo's it looks like they range from DMT to shroom and stim like effects
It sounds beastly, but the need to want to get high and get rid of the craving for some drug already well centralized in my veins led me to such situations. 
My body is already damaged, my teeth are in the process of rotting; fangs and front teeth with some fractures visible at a close distance, receding gums from below and above (from fangs), sometimes they bleed when brushing my teeth ( which I no longer do by the way) and if I eat very cold things like an ice cream popsicle, traces of blood are seen on it, but only tiny, among other things like a damaged coronary artery (I think), hypertension (and I don't take pills for it ,eye), the mucous cavity in the back of my throat where the dust used to travel is melted. Those are physical and cardiovascular injuries that I have suffered throughout my use of polydrug use (not to mention the psychological ones).
It's not satisfying, my dick is ruined. (excessive porn + masturbation + circumcision (american) and incel)
the 5-methoxy group bound isn't really indicative of any specific effects
It's 5-meo-mipt in this case, though I did try 5-meo-dmt too. 5-meo-mipt is really interesting because as a psychedelic it has no color and no fractal, it only makes colors brighter. From it's stimulating effects I thought it was weird so I looked it up and apparently it works as a serotonin release agent. It's like taking molly but without molly's dopamine and adrenaline activity, partially stimulated but not really. And most interestingly it makes the sensations of your body feel really good, really strong. When combined with other psychs it creates a very distinct sexual arousal that is hard to match with anything else.
5-meo-dmt on the other hand is non-visual DMT that just sends you into ego death every time you smoke it, really funny thing, it feels like you're literally gone for 10 minutes, not like with DMT where you can see EVERYTHING, on 5-meo-dmt you see literally NOTHING
and it really only ever produces ego death, it's a very curious thing
also sorry for a late reply, I ended up taking a walk at 5am
So sick, fell.asleep.and shit my pants in my recliner,.never called work 
Hope I'm not fired , think I'ma have to call out again
That's the thing man, I'm 6'3, 216lbs and even when I was absolutely fresh and new to the drug world, from the batches of regular m I would get I would need over 300mg to get going, first dose right off the bat. Only time I've ever needed the doses everyone parrots, around 120-150mg, it was from the vendor gamma goblin back when he sold personal amounts and that stuff was extremely pure. This batch I'm getting is the regular yellow m we all know and love. It's not great, but it's good.
Where I'm going with this, I wanna believe my tolerance has gone down. This isn't a "regular" drug tolerance you see, I got chemically castrated for almost 5 years. I could not get a boner, I would not feel sad neither happy, it was extremely difficult for me to feel anything at all. Had my biggest issue been not getting high i would probably still be taking that garbage.
I know there isn't much you or anyone can tell me, but I still wanna hear your take. I guess I could do it like last time, dose something like 400mg and wait for it to show itself. But then again, even if the pills I took around a year ago were 80mg worth, I still took over a gram of m.
This shit can get very nasty really quick and I'm kinda nervous about it.
The only "good" thing about my brain atm is that I don't get hangovers. I never abused anything enough to get extreme hangovers but now it's like my noodle forgot that concept altogether
Don't fall for the sham guys, antidepressants won't fix you. Most of the time, of course.
So you do sound like you're unusually hardheaded, which makes 500 less of an insane prospect. I wouldn't really put any stock in the pills you got being anything in particular, though. Maybe I'm overly biased because I'm up in retarded backward Leafland where all the MDMA is crystal and half the speed is pressed pills, I dunno, but I'd still be at least a little cautious and try something 'like last time' as you said. I know it's tempting to just take a big swing so as not to 'waste', but the OD is a bad fucking time.
How long will I survive taking 1.5 grams of tramadol a day? I've been taking it for 2 years
What do you mean by this? I take o-dsmt which is kinda the same
Over a year ago. My first time with edibles. I decided to take a long walk, as they were digesting, then they hit while I was out at a park and I was scared asf lmao. I went into the restroom tripping in there afraid I was gonna pass out, as I was posting about it on my phone as it was happening saying like "yooo wtf you guys lied you said these would be good" then I walked home, trying to get there with my vision looking fisheyed and my legs on 2 seconds delay input lag. Mind racing the whole time wondering if people driving by could see that I'm high. Then I got home, trying to get in past my parents while trying to walk and look normal. (I think I did).
About to take DXM again, and this just reminded me that I always do this shit where I end up needing to fap right before the come-up and have to speedrun before the DXM makes it impossible to cum lol
Reality is one of the most kino drugs. You just have to be able to handle it head on and it's pretty great... or so I've heard. I always flee back into my brain with dissos when I get stressed and never experience the amazing shit that's possible. I'm gonna die before I get to really see what it's like. Don't be like me, anon. Get the fuck out there.
Opioids generally don't have much negative effect on the body, the problem is not wanting to eat or take care of yourself, and not being able to shit for days on end. 
If your dosage isn't going up you probably won't die from it, but it's not a good way to live.
You took too many edibles I guess. Start off small and work your way up
tfw neet to homeless pipeline 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtGy5ig2wQw [Embed]
Well actually it was the first time that I felt any effect. I did try it before by splitting it into pieces going up to like 3/4 and didn't feel it so then I took a full one. So done with those tho, I threw them all away
if your a fatty you still gonna eat , the shitting thing is verg true and eventjakly your body jjst stops trying to shit at all, so every week you need a stimulatjng laxative and enima
emotions become dulled and the physical and mental europhia go away so you are just left a zombie untill you miss a dose or dont take enough fkr your new tolerance, then you become a blubbering mess crying 
also opi rage sometimes
Ultimately I love my opioids, I just wish I took anons advice and quit for a couple weeks before becoming physically addicted, withdrawals are not fun
It does not have any effect
I cannot think or comprehend anything more Reddit than THC edibles. It's already babby's first drug and you still have to turn it into a fucking gummy bear to be comfortable taking it?
it feels great, sue me
taste and see that the lord is good
SUNRISE HALLELUJAH
do you niggas have any fucking idea how blessed we are to be alive
THC GELpads>gummies 
100% absorbation and stomach content plays no rule.
This is an acceptable answer, fair enough.
frankly it didn't do much for me either, my nose is fucked up as I have learned. Had to put it under my tongue to get the best effect.
alcohol is the real normie drug
I want to suck cum out of Chads cock
Well true alcohol is a drug, it doesn't have any drug stigma attached to it with normies , they don't view it as a drug.
thc is the real normie drug
dopamine is the real normie drug when you think about it
how fucked am i
Not fucked at all, normies have to use alcohol when they're older to have fun because most people are broken and miserable , mainly because they grew up poor or with abusive parents who lack critical thinking and self awareness as well as lead poisoning
Honestly not much at all, THC is something mild to have formed a dependency on.
acetylcholine is the real normie drug
only vril niggas will smoke benadryl
Teehee 
I habeeb teh shroom 
I will take some and walk at night 
Teehee
I am de shroom man
More man than shroom
I prowl the night 
Spirit and might 
Anus tight
alcohol may be normie tier but alcoholism is based
need help. thinking of doing something shamaistic? i don't want to be retarded, but how much acid do i have to take and what rituals should i do to make a drastic positive change?
benzos man...
Truth
I fucking hate alcohol. Every time I drink I regret it
Why are you staying up so late if you're not on drugs?
you take 9-5 shifts
i take 5-9 shits (alcohol has destroyed my stomach)
unironically caffeine
Yeah man, the delusions of sobriety are real.
I've been taking flubromazepam last week and it's like I'm just coasting on chill mode. A Beer might get me a bit wobbly though.
How long does everyday daily benzo abuse does it take to give you dreadful withdrawals btw anons? Like someoe did did one moderate doze a day for week
Ugh literally shit my pants for the first time yesterday (had to call of work and did the same tonight), don't think it was drug related and it was mostly "tainted crall water) nothing really solid .
Felt the urge to fart and next thing I know it came out, wonder if it's from the enema two days ago? But then I felt sick to the stomach and had diarrhea and puking. Forced myself to go to the store and get some hydration drinks and saltines ended up pulling over to puke more
No shits or puking for last 8 hours but I was supposed to be asleep ten hours ago, body is too cold and sweating for me to sleep. My internal body temp is 95.4 and I'm afraid to look online for what internal temp you for at since I think it's 96
Yeah I did this with one of the flu benzos back when RCs were legal in the UK, can't remember which, had loads of various types back then, went home to my mum's for the weekend and have literally no memory of it, only picture that exists is my cousin's dog sitting on me while I'm laying on the floor. 
Bonus was that my sister came to pick me at 5pm and I was still asleep, had been up all night popping benzos, smoking weed and playing civ5. She was fucking furious, had been texting me all day and finally gave up and called when she was outside. 
Also pissed off the gf at the time as she was getting the train direct to my mum's town as the first time she met her, and I hadn't been telling her the plans
Utter chaos, I stick now to benzos that have a sensible half life. 
Apart from angry sister and gf I don't think I did anything majorly bad, just breezed straight through.
Think anything over a hundred needs to be checked by a doctor, could be serious food poisoning, best bet is to not eat for a whole day to starve whatever bug is in there. 
Usually they'll only last 24-48 hours. Best of luck bro, don't die
Afraid it's too low, not high. 95.4F is pretty damn low.
benzos are the greatest drug ever created i fucking love feeling numb i fuckign love not caring aboutall twhe dumb bullshit in my msierable life i fuckin love being abel to tujne out of my own consciousnes i dont care about the wd because i m never going to quit
FUCK T HESSE STUPID CAPTCHAS
I was just prescribed this. Is it really a painkiller?
Yeah, it's just an NSAID. Not even psychoactive.
Does anyone know how the heck to avoid my throat from getting tight whenever I smoke crack? It doesn't happen that often every time I do it and I put that pale bone chunk over the mouthpiece of my homemade pipe, I smoke out of a small metal pipe, I see myself in the need to embed a small piece of wire/scrubbing ball in it to prevent the rock from going straight into the mouthpiece where i inhale the smoke , does anyone know if i should take something to avoid the intense narrowing of my throat? could it be that i am allergic to the adulterers of my rocks?
Speedballing is so fucking good. I'm fucked off my face on alc and Ritalin, but I wanna get a prescription for benzos or Pregabalin. Any tips for gaming my GP? I'm Bri'ish btw.
Wait so it won't get me high? I just wanna get high.
Any answers pls
I drink all the time and I'm the opposite of normie
Does not eating for a day or two really increase the quality of a heavy shroom trip or could I just eat a bunch right now on a full stomach and have a strong experience???
Going to have to try some benzos rc.
Which ones you recommend? 
Benzos naive
the i2p alphabay link is down? Is alphabuy own? Where do I buy now ? HELP
I'll freeze your grandmothers clitoris and flick it off
The stomach fullness doesn't affect potency, but you should avoid eating for at least 4h before the trip to avoid heavy nausea.
NTA but they are just not worth trying unless maybe you have frequent panic attacks
if you're an anxious wreck then you will like them too much and are likely to get addicted even if you start off using them in a controlled manner
if you're not then they will at best knock you to sleep or just be boring and unenjoyable
That's not a speedball.
English doctors won't give you benzos or preg for years and years, they'll give you propranolol and tell you to do counselling. Best bet is to learn darkweb and then buy drugs for cheaper than you'd pay for a prescription anyway.
Thanks for the advice, Anon. Imma get super trippy tomorrow
Well the sharp pain stops within ~6 hours of not smoking, so my esophagus is probably just very irritated. It feels raw and painful so there's that, probably not cancer. Nurses did an ECG, x-rayed my chest, took my blood pressure and pulse a bunch of times, doctor looked at me said nothing appears wrong. But I've had nausea, lack of appetite and loose stools so they gave me medication for that. Now I think I'm going through a stomach virus. Shits not been good of late.
Update;
I have an irritated throat and I cough all the time, my voice is also somewhat hoarse
Why do normal people like weed so much but hate on other drugs? They're now calling me a junkie because I do shrooms from time to time, but them getting drunk and high everyday is fine. I fucking hate them so much bros.
that's your own fault for associating with low iq people
what are some (insert anything) for this feel
one time i tripped while moderately hung over and after the amazing come up the shrooms told me they didn't like the state of my body/mind due to the shit leftover from alcohol and made me feel nauseous until i poured the rest of my alcohol down the kitchen sink
Ok. I saw that this thread/site is not friendly or welcoming to those who are in need(despite having more experience than them). 
.My options on the table in terms of drugs that I will continue to use from now on are: crack, weed of any kind, clear rum, inhalants, if I'm lucky I steal or manage to get some diazepam, it's that or having to walk outside longing for the next bag.
Bye,Im leaving this section.
I am a kind of barbaric drug addict, I don't care if my body damages me more or if I deteriorate more morally, that is the true side of addiction. Take note about it.
not sure what you mean
i'm not as experienced as you but i don't talk bad about you and if i ignore your posts it's because i dont have anything to contribute and tje advice of an occasional pregablin and dxm user isnt worth much to you
watch this movie and reflect on it
cutting myself whilst doing nitrous gives me the most insane adrenaline rush it's like a high in itself
I always like to get me stuff asap
based nigger hating anon
best otc drugs /household chemicals to get fucked up? i'm too broke to order of the dark web and also wanna try something new. i've taken dxm, benadryl, benzedrex, and head shop shit like nitrous and various cannabinoids. anything else i should try?
Fasting increases the quality of the trip. It'll hit faster and be far more intense.
It has been the most intense mushroom trip I've had to date. Nothing comes close.
Also, don't trip while still going through a flu. It doesn't help.
man being crossfaded is great. it's like pain just doesn't reach you
RC benzos are shit now desu all the good ones got scheduled, bromazolam is the only decent one left but it still doesn't compare to clam or etiz, other than bromaz it's mainly just a bunch of sketchy ones invented by chinks 6 months ago with names like flubrotimaziametoezitilamepam
the other anon is right i recommend not doing benzos at all
Found six pills with n005 on them, how big did I just score?
I'm autistic and an anxious wreck, like I used to be worse than Chris chan.
Right now I'm taking cymbalta and tramadol (I know the cymbalta pretty much cancel out the tramadol hence why I want to get into benzos).
Realistically I could try to get my Dr to write me a benzos script but I've been out of therapy for ten years now, but I do have my autism papers so idk. My new gp is an asshole and asian so mental health is something he does not like , I miss my old one she was really good
is ganja the nigger weed? is there a difference in the effects between a human and a monkey man? discuss.
if you're an anxious wreck then there is basically a 100% chance of you getting hooked on benzos and ruining your entire life
no you can't. you will inevitably start taking them daily, probably binging and blacking out a lot, while you slowly destroy your memory and your cognitive function. a couple years later you'll be forced to take higher and higher doses just to feel slightly less anxious than you do now, knowing that if you miss a dose for even a few days you could have a grand mal seizure and literally die
i know how much anxiety sucks and i know how tempting the idea of a magic pill that makes it all go away is, but it's seriously not worth the long-term effects. trust me, i was in your exact position once and i wish i had listened to the people who told me what i'm telling you now
Shut the fuck up retarded nigger
Weed is for High IQ people
got so baked I took off my slippers to piss because I thought I'd have to take my pants off my feet for some reason then I realized I didn't
Lmao typical
Well since I am such a fucking degenerate as soon as I began feeling better today I started to drink and smoke once more. You see friends, the ticket is not to inhale all the smoke at once and hold it there like a troglodyte, you must impress the essence of the cigarette smoker into your psyche and take those puffs in moderation and without sucking too deep. I have avoided triggering my throat all day in this manner. Fuck narcotics the vodka hits better. Praise Jesus, Allah, and the others who require praising.
so far i've jerked off 7 times tonight. definitely killed a million MLB players
Ugh, just ate a giant slice of turtle cheesecake and feel so fat and disgusting.
I have some THC gelpads, vodka, random opioids, ketamine, kratom, phenibut.
Will
Will any of these help me feel less disgusting/fat*?
got some kava, how should i take it and what to expect?
I wish God made it so the default feeling was like we're on multiple different drugs
weed is the worst with benzo wd's, stuff that isn't a gamble that you know what you'll get with it like kratom is the best for benzo withdrawals
Well, if you insist...
I want to try mushrooms but I'm too socially inept to know how to get some.
Until it wears off and leaves you feeling worse. I have been on the horrible come down all day. Nasuea, vommiting, headache, shits, restlessness, and generally feeling down like there is no point.
Woke up around 2 this morning with a splitting headache, took some paracetamol and threw up for ages, didn't really sleep. Think it's the combo of 200mg tapentadol a couple of beers and a whiskey and not enough water. Feel like shit today and have to sit here and work, this might just be the wake up call I need to stop being a stupid druggie
stop wkth the alch, has a horrible withdrawl
You silly boy, I've never had alcohol withdrawals, I've had opioid and benzo withdrawals plenty of times. It's very obvious which I need to give up.
Been sitting around napping and doing nothing since 10pm, that's 8 hours and all I've done is eat and petted my cats.
Dude everyone gets withdrawals, what you think a bang over is ? Ever notice they go away if you drink again?
That's not true mate
Ye it's this
Based benzo retard
Took 10mg of THC of edibles a few hours back, second time I've gotten high. It was really comfy, made me feel tired like I was a kid. Might be with the weather changing as well, but since I was sweating so much, it reminded me of getting home from a track and field event and easily going to bed.
Now that I think of it, might have insomnia, or this could just be from using the computer too much
FUCK NIGGERS AND FUCK YOUR MOTHER
has anyone here huffed duster or ether (as found in starting fluid)? if so, any tips or recommendations?
do 20mg next time
Is there any way to tell if pills are actually legit or came from a fent press?
Guys, I am tripping so unbelievably fucking hard, from mushrooms. I had a full on fucking panic attack earlier, I really thought I was dying and was about to call an ambulance. I was pacing round my house screaming, sucking water from the tap. I think I'm through the absolute worst of it. This is fucking horrible. I feel so fucking terrible right now. I feel nauseous, there's horrible weird pains in my body, pins and needles kind of, most of all I feel. most of all my vision, I can literally barely focus or see. I'm just lying flat in bed
I'm just ending my post here as a record for myself
Go for airhorn gas instead, more comedy
buy a test kit
we love you bro, you'll be okay
lol, i would probably do that for shits and giggs
Try focusing on other things than your mind such as some good music, video games or cartoons/anime/movies
Stay in bed, listen to music, eat something sweet when you feel less nauseous. 
Been there, you gonna be fine.
The worst part about being clean is realizing how the fuck do normalfags do it? And you know, they don't.
People are really out there facing reality raw while I can drop shrooms and have an experience so beautiful I'll still be crying days after.
But try talking about that with them and you might as well just have described huffing glue naked under a bridge because there's no difference in their eyes.
Getting drunk is cool though. No one ever looked at me like that when I used to be a depressed alcoholic...
should i get crossfaded and do buttstuff or should i try and be a productive alcoholic
The answer is always getting high and doing buttstuff
Buttstuff, Anon. Always buttstuff
I did 20mg the first time. Fell asleep after an hour. This time I was able to stay up for 6.
Day 8 no heroin/cigs. I am craving this shit so fucking hard holy fucking shit.
Just out of curiosity, was there a trigger that turned the experience bad?
I trip up to 10g of shrooms when I trip and most of the time it's fun, but any loud noises, bangs or shouting from outside can be enough to to send me to hell-town for a bit until my brain calms down.
Last time it happened I was stood in my bedroom taking a fighting stance because I thought I was about to be attacked despite the fact I'm in a locked house.
fuck you guys i was hoping to go to the gym and be normal today
i don't have any prep stuff so ill have to improvise with a water bottle
what buttstuff are you gonna do? most ive done was give myself an enema because of some really bad shits. felt really good and i jerked off while having diarhhea, but haven't done anything after
Faggot! 
Originally sneed
anyone else mentally ill what drug is keeping you alive?
no just gonna stick some things up my butt but i need to clean first
if its real magic mushr.. you should be fine.
and mush are not as strong as nbome
just found 100mg of d9 edibles??? the lord works in mysterious ways and rewards his best buttstuffers
You think the cia crack funds were exclusively brought in from black ghettos? come on man.
Do you think 450 degree dab vapor is somehow not similarly irritating to your respiratory system?
why do i do this? i fucking hate myself. at least i have the excuse that it's not that gay and degenerate if i'm drunk and high?
Do you guys know if it's possible to convert menthol cigs to normal ones? What if I remove the filter?
Reddit and erowid
These are Hamilton morris documentaries. 
Good watch
you can just rip the filter off and it wont taste like menthol but you'll probably get tobacco and (more) tar in your mouth.
Good. The guy at the smokeshop handed me a pack of my usual but I didn't notice they were the menthols kind until I got home and ripped it open. I've smoked filterless before, it's not much of a big deal
Edibles are not babby's first drug lol, why do people still underestimate them?
Misplaced elitism is you
this has solidified my benzo dependence more than anything.
this is bullshit, and your anecdote is retarded for your point since you took a heroic dose and also threw up
fucking lol you dont even know how clueless you are
perfect, try growing your own
depending on where you live you could order LSD RCs legally
Country? Will spoon feed
Go find a bum on the street, give him a buck and he'll tell you all about it.
less shit in your stomach means the shrooms get in your system faster. its not exactly "stronger" but it might feel like it is because more of it is hitting you at once. thats all there is to it, but going for a day or two without eating is major overkill. couple hours is fine and you won't notice a difference past that.
Legalize all drugs like Canada did.
Be viet-cong and Dixie Nazis etc.
Progress and utopia and freedom unconditionally.
The loveliest love always UNCONDITIONALLY.
https://twitter.com/LibreQg/status/1653024620121845760?s=20
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=n11j73OYqOY [Embed]
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xsPtUNB1z-Q [Embed]
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=40JmEj0_aVM [Embed]
All matters.
Only love rules.
Paganism: every girl is a god.
Reminder to find and create new websites instead of 4chan.
Most true 4channers have left for better lands due to fake moderators.
Join the ever increasing rise of white babies being born.
Fuck and breed harder than any apocalypse or war or badness. Etc
Why does everything look so wide and inverted???
yeah I do retard, explain otherwise. see >>73160150
Is phenibut worth trying for social anxiety if I can easily get pregablin in my country ? also how do they compare to alcohol or benzos?
Why do people that lose their minds on alcohol or weed keep doing it? I know a guy that if he gets too wasted he literally goes mentally insane. He was once screaming "CHAIN ME DOWN" and acting like a wild animal after too many tequila shots. Another guy that goes completely schizo after 2 puffs of weed either really depressed and borderline comatose or he goes into a fugue state and wanders off. One time we were like wait where is he and one of us found him a block down the road wandering to get "ice cream". He left his new gf with us and she was terrified and sooo confused. Why the fuck would you keep doing something that makes you wig out so much?
because it feels good and youre too reatrded to think otherwise
t. got crossed and sodimized himself even though he hates it
They are both used for somewhat the same reasons, preg is the better of the two for low doseage, but if your using it to treat and not trying to devlop your way out of social anxiety your fucked either way
I think everyone is different on drugs
I was born to be melancholic. It's still fun to do it.
That happened under Reagan, while his wife was saying "just say no" kek hypocrisy
For losing control and no longer having to deal with all your issues
guys... i fucking killed my finals and raised my grade in the two hardest classes i've ever taken
i was having a shitty high and taking dxm made it worse but now i'm pumped as fuck
I wanna get clogged with cum literally right now
shouldn't the meth help for laziness?
anal sex is fucking disgusting as someone who just fucked his ass 3 times today
kek same, and recently I added coke to the list of drugs I hate, the shit taste/smell, the disgusting drip, the need to redose, the jitteryness. the comedown. I also hate weed, I take it and it dumbs me down and I regret it and just want my brain back. Amph is the only drug I really liked.
such as?
yeah i know it's not a long-term solution
THIS.
I've always thought this too.
POWER TRIPS SPEAKS THE FUCKIN' TRUTH
Lol fucking amateurs. Have a drink and a smoke you'll be fine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv07ycG5PYE [Embed]
nigger wins math contest
the magic trips came through
also checked 44's
wait those are my own dubs
fuck i'm so high lmao
i dont see how women can whore themselves online and do drugs. i feel like i would have an existential crisis. 
women are truly not human.
at least my dealer will be in town this weekend
good for you lol
sounds like a spastic desu
weed fucks me up pretty bad but theres just nothing else to do and its satisfying getting that nice throat hit.
I'm trying to extract morphine from dried opium poppy heads because when I shot up poppy tea I felt great at first, then the histamine reaction from the codeine kicked in and I was spazzing for an hour. then in bed for days. Possibly 5-10 times as much would have been fatal.
Now I've sort of followed this -
https://www.pbs.org/wnet/wideangle/uncategorized/from-poppy-to-heroin-step-3-extracting-morphine/3170/
And this-
https://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/data-and-analysis/bulletin/bulletin_1950-01-01_3_page004.html
Merck process
Currently I have a mixture of highly filtered poppy tea with slaked lime in it. The pH was already 9. I added some ammonia. The pH was about 10. I'm preparing some more ammonia.
Have I fucked up or is there morphine recoverable from this mixture.
Or even better, anyone know a proper way to extract morphine from poppy heads preferably with measurements and ... you know... directions.
Especially, the recipes call for the addition of ammonia, I'm not sure if I need to bring the pH down at all or will the ammonia make the morphine precipitate just fine and I'll deal with the pH later before I shoot it.
literal retard and shitting this place up with porn. just hurry up and kill yourself retard. 
you ruined this planet i fucking hate stupid people.
Settle, prohibition is difficult for everyone (and causes a lot of dumb shit... it just happens to prevent (overall) even dumber shit)
I know what I experienced, and yes I'll call them screaming blue meanies. They were doing nothing but screaming at me the whole time.
drinking again because got nothing else on me right now
also
fucking why
cu
cuc
sorry not cuc, cum
cumb
cumber
Living in the nanny state known as Australia I can't get phenibut here so I tried some kava and it's quite euphoric, is it similar to phenibut?
Just had phenibut today, wikipedia says it's related to the GABA neurotransmitter, which makes it similar to GHB and one4b. I found it quite mild, apparently if you go too far with it it's not that pleasant (has a pleasant moderate zone), which is the same as one4b for me, enough is good, too much is slightly painful
As for the comparison to kava, nfi
as long as that retard kills him self im good. i think all porn addicts should be lined up and shot.
taking 5000 mg of acetaminophen just to get barely any dxm in my system
my liver weeps
Agreed, only reason they do it is because they are homos trying to get other guys off
are you retarded? at least do a good drug
Go huff petrol with some abos instead
all ive done for the past months is dph i dont have good drugs
my guy find a way to get some money and use the deep web. might as well be sober or just drink cheap beer at that point.
you're a fucking dumbass
obviously underageb&amp;
is this how penna alla vodka was invented?
just learned why you never trust farts while binge drinking and especially not while nude
weed frequently gives me panic attacks but i still smoke it daily and i honestly can't really explain why
i guess even if it feels like shit it's still better than being sober
Fucks your kidneys if you swallow the drip
