can fembots please explain to me why they are not ballerinas? what is wrong with you? why aren't you a pretty ballet dancer you fucking retard slut
I eat lots of chicken every day I'm a strong boy with big muscles
What a shitty assumption
Pooner copers be like
i used to but had to quit
why the fuck would you quit? get your ass up and starting dancing you asshole
Oh ya? Well let me give you something to twirl on that you'll never wanna quit ;)
why the heck would you start? sit your ass down and stop dancing urethrea
my mom made me because i became anorexic which idk what she expected in the first place. now im too old to go back
JUST EAT NORMAL YOU FUCK
NOW DANCE
you have to be pretty skinny to do ballet. there is not really any eating normal
Based mom. Even if she made a mistake by trying to turn you into a ballerina, at least she pulled you before it was too late.
just stop eating cookies. wtf is wrong with you
i only think so now but i was very angry at her for many years
What are your favorite ballets? When your school put on productions, were you ever a principal or just a member of the corps?
Eat 3 pounds of chicken every day
Thats like only 1,200 calories and 250g protein so then its impossible for you to be malnourished
Does anybody know why nobody has managed to craft a female aesthetic more beautiful than the ballerina in like 200 years?
The basic 'Swan Lake' look (tutu and a top that goes to just above the breasts, slightly transparent leggings, pointe shoes and tiara) was established by 1850 and still nothing has topped it in elegance.
It destroys your feet
Like where did this idea that 'sexy' has to be vulgar and animalistic come from? Ballerinas are way hotter than twerking fatasses.
When I saw my oneitis just casually do the ballerina crossed foot thing when no one was looking, I fell in love with her even more and finally understood why she had such beautiful posture. 
Don't do it fembots, you will break many men's hearts.
Did any one else here want to be a male dancer growing up? I did but I could never work up the balls to ask my parents to put me in ballet. My Mom totally would have allowed it but my Dad just had one foot a little too in the door of Redneck mindset, a few of the neighborhood kids were a bit Rednecky too. Meanwhile the artsy boys at my school did it without even the slightest nervousness or hesitation, would talk about how easy it is to meet girls when you take ballet.
Just that slight difference in upbringing is all it takes to dash a dream.
