Im so tired of these little dicked losers saying stuff like "girls cant be incels" or "girls cant be lonely" etc. YES THEY CAN.
If you arent a 8/10 stacy with big boobs men are going to ignore you!
Just because Stacy gets lots of attention doesnt mean we do too just like how just because Chad gets lots of attention doesnt mean you do too.
Girls can be lonely and unfuckable too guys only want 10/10 Stacies like picrelated...
Why even live as a average woman.
I will never be a 10/10 Stacy with massive cow tits like her.
Im so lonely...
pvssy has infinite value
what if I dont want a schlubby 4/10 white bf like your pic?
If you have men who are already out of your league asking you out(2 headed brown 1/10 face and body ogre with a average white man) but you keep rejecting them all because they arent out of your league enought you're trying to get with AT LEAST a 10/10 whos also a billionaire "because thats whats you deserve" then you arent really a incel then are you?
moid standards are ridiculous...
By jingo
The 0/10 female is no longer lonely
im not a 1/10 brown deformed person tho. 
im a 6/10 white girl and i want a 8.5/10 korean bf.
C'mon anonette have irrealistic standards and have a bad attitude to the world. You just need to take a shower
Its not that easy for us on dating apps as men because men are visual creatures they just want a 10/10 gigastacy like her and nothing less.
Women are so lonely :(
I'm always impressed that people like OP have nothing better to do with his life than larp. And to make it worse a whiteknight larp.
This little piggy went to Tinder,
This little piggy stayed home,
This little piggy had roast beef,
This little piggy had Netflix,
This little piggy cried "fucking scrotes!" all the way home!
The first sentence is all you need.
Why is being a woman so hard :(
Why do guys only want Stacies like her and wont give us average girls a chance?
Behold
A (You)
Imagine one head is giving you a blowjob and the other is softly asmr whispering in your ear and moaning directly into your ear at the same time.
I would bust in SECONDS.
Never thought about it that way but she unironicly is a Stacy actually if you think about it.
Think about all the things she can do to you with her 2 mouths,4 breasts and 4 arms.
im an 8/10 brown person and i want a 6.5/10 korean bf
