Mating press is the best position for the guy but what is the best position for the chick?
What is she doing? Did she suffer from brain damage? Why's she twitching like that?
her boyfriends black unironically lmao
On top so she can control everything
This bitch about to stab you in your sleep
BBC overdose
I have very minimal experience personally with sex but from what I've heard a lot of women like doggystyle. I would imagine it has something to do with where the g-spot is, and that having sex doggystyle makes it easier to stimulate
That's not twitching anon, twitching implies rapid and unconscious movement
She's gyrating her hips
GOD i wish i were that THICC bros
i cant take it anymore...
pronebone feels the best, but its is easiest to cum on top of the guy.
doggy is eh, but I guess that for many women it's like the most exertion free pose, since in mating press/missionary its really sweaty and hard to find the best position for the legs. if she says she prefers doggy she just doesnt like having sex or is very loose, since doggy makes vagina muscles clench a bit (which isnt always pleasurable)
My wife clearly prefers being on top
The keypad lock is weird
or so she has really good shit. bet she has dmt, lsd, shrooms, weed, all the good drugs. i don't even want to fuck her i just want her to smoke me the fuck out. maybe make a blanket fort to hotbox in too.
I hope you get get acid thrown in your face
Fuck you and die
That's not true I'm just so fucking angry right now I shouldn't be trying to spread hatred like this
God dammit
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT WHY AM I ALIVE I WANT TO 
I want to find people who genuinely don't care how they harm others and I want to take all this strength I've been building and I want to jam my clawed index finger into their bellybutton and see how deep in I can get it before I pierce into their gutbag
What the fuck is wrong with me? Why can't I just... Why can't I just be OK not being like everybody else
Debatable, girl told me she liked to spoon while having sex and have me rub her clit and grab her booba while doing it, is that a common thing to enjoy?
Just pay
i will later in life not tapping out right now
id enjoy that but something is off about angle and I just cant get dick in at spooning angle. Maybe its just my fat ass.
Fair enough. Original
What do you mean can't get it in? Your ass is your best asset so I am sure you can work something out.
srsly
Cant find an angle the dick wont go in just slide inbetween thighs
blessed prone bone enjoyer, I think its the best for the guy too.
The best position is a very specific way to stand up were one hand spread and the other hold the bread to make me sandwiches
Remember when pol kept simping for her then had a heart attack when they found out she got BLACKED lol
don't have the experience but from a theoretical standpoint i think it must be pretty good, seems like i'd have the most contact at the frenulum and g spot
I love when girls have braids like this
I hear good reviews about cowgirl.
hitting all the right spots and what not.
is it more about the clit stimulation and gridding? or more about the phallus?
