My life is hell. I have no contacts in my phone that aren't my mom. I never even see girls my own age. I have no friens. I live in a shithole with nowhere to go where everyone is fat and old. There is no escape besides blowing my skull open.
Welcome to the club, the days goes faster as you get older
you're doing alright, my mom died 3 years ago
Yeah you are in a bad spot for sure The way out is to join random Discord voicechats or go to bars in your area and talk at people until someone engages with you.
"Go to bars" doesn't really work if you have a shitty job because drinks are insanely overpriced and the only people there are boomers and insufferable wagies.
price depends where you live but connnections are connections b if u want friends/women without paying this is where you go if you have failed to make any in hs./college/ or work and dont wnatonline
Any social outing will work. Nightclubs, bars, concerts, even (as cringey as it sounds) volunteer work.
Ive always drink alone in bars and talk to the bartender. It only temporarily satiate my social hunger since i still have no fren
Beer is like 3-6 bucks wym you lunatic? Youll meet tons of girls at bars
dbdr
Well, this could be worse, like for example: you could have it all without your mother's contact.
I keep hearing this but I never see it in real life
I don't know if understanding the meaning of that word is a good sign. It's over
Because you dont have a real life. 99% of bars are in business because people want to socialize
https://youtu.be/klBkmlHtXJs [Embed]
desu
You must live in a college town. I've yet to meet a woman who likes alcohol.
I've been going to bars nearly every friday night for the last 8 years. Bars are filled with men socialising with other men, any women that are there are with their boyfriend
If you think the entire US is a college town yes. Women drink fruity drinks. 
They are usually filled with women too but if you are a regular you already know where women hang out. If you talk to 3 guys at your meme gay bar and they dont tell you how to meet women, you are just lying and retarded
They clearly just go to every bar I am not in. I have not been in a bar where there were women in any significant number. I have been to every bar in my town and the people who drink there are not any different
Thats a good thing though. Why should a woman have to deal with someones severe schizophrenia?
If it makes women rematerialise in bars again it will do wonders for the birthrate of the country
Nah man I'm seeing eye-to-eye with the other anon. Unless I go into deep Philly there's basically no women in bars. At that point I may as well give up because I've got a clean driving record and Philly police aren't as lenient as local Delco cops.
Who knows. Birthrates are going up again so there's that. At least there's one less schizophrenic in a pathetic relationship.
Yeah...no.
The people who go there to socialize are dull NPCs looking for some kind of way to break through the mundanity or just boomers.
Will NEVER happen, young women go with their friends so that's out of the question, older ones have hit the wall and are looking to settle and fuck that.
I don't get why it's so hard for you normalfags to just admit that there's no social or communal spaces any more and that the society you have created is fucking miserable and worthless.
It took me 3 seconds to google some bars in delco that clearly have hundreds of candid pictures of young women, even during the day. you're mentally ill and clinically retarded.
Nice! you deserve to be alone and I hope you don't bother anyone.
immigration ahoy
Bro I live here you fucking clown. That is not what you see in those bars.
Immigration is a good thing when homegrown assholes are too lazy to work.
Why are you so adamant that there are women at these bars I am going to? There clearly aren't any there
Do you truly think I give a rats fuck if you ignore young women and only hang out with men? You could be in gay boys prison and it still wouldn't change the fact that it's objectively easy to meet women. Jabronies have always existed.
Considering you have backpedaled away from making claims about bars in general, name one of these bars and where they are located which clearly have no women.
Name a single Delco bar you Googled that had 100s of pictures of women, by the way.
Considering you have backpedaled away from making claims about bars in general
There has been no back pedalling. THere aren't any women in the bars I go to, so the "women go to bars lol" meme is not something I have experienced in real life. That is a fact
no
Media has plenty. Just use instagram.
Don't care. Clearly you are a troll.
Holy fuck 2 litres of beer is cheaper here
if women start going to bars again it will raise birthrates
That was a joke you fucking autist
actually i meant i only go to gay bars and dives for boomers
I have been to every bar in my town and there was no difference. Surely if women frequently go to bars there would have been at least one woman not with their bf in one of those bars, surely?
These are an even bigger meme and I don't think they really exist. There was one (by name) in the next city along but it wasn't a gay bar, it was just a nightclub with drag queen DJs. There was no women there either
this is how you sound.
Anon, do you feel content with your life? Is it trully worth it to do a job that makws you feel devoid and miserable?
I think you need to accept that life does not play out for everyone like your American daytime television dramas
I accept it bro. I am thankful I dont have schizophrenia.
fucking kill yourselves NOW. I hate seeing threads that are two autistic retrards going back and forth suck each other off on a discord if that's what you want to do
I apologise for pushing your "fembot" thread onto page 2
You have my deepest heartfelt condolence
Have sex you lame simp
There is many ways to escape your shit life. You just don't want to put the work in to improve it.
Lol lmao even
Orginnngnn
Capitalism at its finest. Let me guess, you're also taxed ~50%. That tax money goes straight to Tyrone and Muhammed and their 5 children so they can consume garbage and pump Apple stocks.
The go to a bar thing is kind of a meme if you are not in a city with tons of young people. Even then which woman would go alone to a bar ? Why take the risk
If you don't naturally enjoy any activities like the kinds of social venues that people always mention for meeting others, such that you have to force yourself to do things you hate and don't belong at every step of the way, and you're not normal and you want to talk to people you actually relate to and enjoy being around, then meeting people in real life is practically not an option unless you're lucky enough to through sheer quantity of exposure encounter the right people in your school years.
That leaves the internet for finding likeminded people, which makes for weaker bonds and less meaningful, generally more hollow-feeling interaction than in-person socialization (our brains weren't evolved for living this way, of course), and if you're autistic enough even that's not very viable.
That's how I've ended up in an inescapable hell like this myself. It feels like it should be easy, but the world feels so small and empty, I don't know how to find the kind of people that I'm looking for, and it feels like a place of belonging for someone like me doesn't exist, or I am too hopelessly incompetent and uninformed to find it.
