reminder that the average 22-23 year old woman has a body count of 300 in 2023.
A typical Western female accrues about 4 (conservative estimate) boyfriends by high school graduation. Bodycount = 4
A typical Western female may party every 2 weeks when shes in high school. The parties sum up to 104 parties during her high school times. If she fucks dudes in 25% (conservative estimate) of the parties, about (rounded number) 26 guys fuck her. Bodycount = 30
1 lay per quarter is extremely infrequent. A typical Western college girl goes clubbing and/or goes to parties about 2 times a week. 104 clubbings/parties/nightsout each year, 416 clubbings/parties/nightsout total during university, given she graduates on time. She has sex with guys in 50% of the occasions. 208 more guys. Bodycount = 238
Lets say, about once each month, she has random casual encounters at a grocery store, gas station, coffee shop, park, etc. Her bodycount increases by 48, totaling 286 now.
And we conservatively estimate that women on average have 3 boyfriends in college. We add 3 to that number, which goes up to 289.
this means that her bodycount is nearly 300 at the end of college, when they are 22-23 years old.
The crazy part is that men have a lot more partners
Chad has a lot more partners*
Chad is a man and statistically all men have more partners
explain wizards
Mostly a meme derived from the gay nerd community. Its curious that many of the og wizards joined Nambla or became trans
op here, this is correct. according to my calculations, most chads have a body count of 1500 (conservative estimate) by the time they finish college. this is due to the fact that chads have a harem of 5 women ( conservative estimate) multiplied by 300 ( a woman's body count).
When your calculations don't match reality, it means your model is wrong. 
Perhaps start with the data and base your model on that lol
If you went to college you would have easily slept with 2900 girls
Thanks ack
This is about relationships. This does not account for all the women chad pumps and dumps. What are you on about?
FTFY
im not saying chad doesnt pump and dump, im saying wizards exist, the cuck who im replying to denied it here>>73149523 and said most men can sleep with 2500 men >>73149573
Not most men, literally all men in college can have sex with thousands of partners
No analysis in the world shows women as more promiscuous as men. 
You guys are delusional and dumb
but they dont. math clearly says most women have a body count of 300 while most men are at 0 by the time the finish college.
Most men have a much higher body count even before college. They arent as scared to be horny all the time
FTFY
You fucking incels make me happy I groomed a traumatized girl from a young age. Jesus fucking christ, learn how to play the game.
If you Lost the Chance of having Teen Love Its Over you will never have Teen Prime Pussy ever Life is a Scam for not Chad Men
You think Chad ever cared about prime pussy? No he just has sex naturally. Even some animals have sex, incels are dumber than that
i mean, i can either agree with you or with science . science clearly agrees with my statement, like i pointed out in my thread.
Cope Teen Prime Pussy is the Best in the World
I was using science when I made my claim. The science has clearly been settled on how easily men get laid
You think chad cares about the world? Lol lmao even. Cope. Its genetics.
Lol. Lmao.
Cope +20 Girls all Look like Shit when they Hit the Wall being a Girl first Boyfriend is somthing that not all Men will have be a Girl First Men that She had Sex with
nope, you haven't provided any scientific paper, even though i have. scientifically speaking, most women have a body count of 300 and men 0-1
Both young men and young women are having less sex
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2378023121996854
The increase in virginity among young people has been growing for a long time
https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/66/wr/mm665152a1.htm
This has been headline news for over 15 years
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/people-have-been-having-less-sex-whether-theyre-teenagers-or-40-somethings/
The average lifetime sexual partner count for both men and women is about 5
https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/multiple-sex-partners#:~:text=The%20National%20Survey%20of%20Family%20Growth%2C%20from%20the,was%204.3%20for%20women%20and%206.3%20for%20men.
The causes are claer - young people are drinking less, partying less and *among those not having sex* they are more likely to go to church and believe extra-marital sex is immoral
Men have far more partners, like 2900 cope
They have nothing to gain and everything to lose by telling the truth
Men are dishonest and abusive by nature.
If men are dishonest then they must be massively over inflating how much sex they are having
Things are even worse for men than your graph suggests
Nature shows us on a genetic level that men have only reproduced half as much as women.
Sexual dysmorphia between sexes ONLY exists because women have sex more than men and are the sexual selectors.
Of children born in the current year women have more children than men.
Massively underinflating
Men technically have a lot more sex but they are all abusive and dishonest. You cannot select something that doesnt exist.
What would they gain from underinflating their numbers? It would be a negative since that would make them look less attractive
errytime
both of you are correct. 
black men fuck 2900 women because they are the superior race.
white men fuck none because they are the weak race and have the worst genetics
Men aren't telling the truth and neither are the women. That is the problem with this data
They have nothing to gain and everything to lose by telling the truth. Dont trust their lies.
YNGMI
How else did they get this data if not from surveys?
Have they been watching these people for the last 20 years?
The scientists watch their wives suck and fuck big black cocks. Blackpilled again.
duuurrrrrr what is a longitudinal study? huuurrrrrrr
They WERE watching them for the last 20 years? Jesus christ
huuuuurrrrrrrrrrrr what is confirmation data? duuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
They WERE watching them for the last 20 years? Jesus christ
herp derp ka-perp what is deceit analysis and normalization of responses? duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
They WERE watching them for the last 20 years? Jesus christ
longitudinal study
They WERE watching them for the last 20 years? Jesus christ
At that point you may as well just make all your fucking data up if you're going to change the answers on the survey
Doesn't this prove my point even further. Men wouldn't be able to survive just saying no to the facts.
The fact that you can ignore this and fight statistical strawmen proves just how little say men have in any matter sexual or otherwise.
im only interested in a woman's pegging count
and i dont know if high or low is better
FTFY
Yeah babe I will just belive you have those handsome 6 figure a year men in your follow list because you hug yourselves like in kindergarden when you see each other, also I will belive you stay single out of a relationship just to have one anonymous boyfriend you dont cheat on, sure. See how absurd this shit sounds? lmao. It's so hopeless, they have zero shame anymore..
Is this taken from scientific studies where women over report to seem as more attractive and women under report to seem as more attractive?
8's the exponent, as in e^x, come on man!
The science proves men are more sexually active
