day 144 of manifesting cute gf that has cool interests
Good evening, anon. Has anything surprising happened to you lately, or are things just as usual?
Good evening anon. One thing that was surprising that happened a week ago was I chatted with the the office lady. Other than that, nothing too out of the ordinary.
Ooh, what did you talk about? Why did she contact you?
wassu-
oh nice. how'd that go?
has anything surprising happened to you mio poster
I mean, I guess you could call it surprising? I dunno how I feel about talking about it, but let's just say it's some Discord stuff. I must not be a very interesting person if the most surprising thing happening to me is some Discord stuff, am I?
Forgot my image again!!
but now im in suspense, i gotta know
what did you talk about?
We talked about music, my college plan, dreams, and some small talk.
I wished her happy birthday like a month before but she was busy so she didn't see it till then.
It went well I'd say. It was an enjoyable conversation.
Well... it concerns someone who's been posting on this board, and the posts are probably too easy to find, so... I don't know if I wanna go into too much detail here for the sake of privacy. If you wanna talk somewhere else, then sure.
thats good to hear then its nice to know you are on good terms
is it awkward tho
Anon E Moose#4211
It feels somewhat awkward atleast for me. I enjoy talking with her but it doesn't have the same feeling as before.
i think i understand, i wonder if she thinks the same
what do you think is awkward about it? could it ever be fixed?
What is awkward is that it is a friendship that is unable to progress anywhere. I don't know if would be possible to be fixed. She is busy so my opportunities to potentially interact with her is extremely limited.
day 4603 of missing someone
How special was this person to you?
yeah every office woman ive ever met is always busy and stressed as hell my guy
they almost never have little to no friends and have a hard time with relationships outside of their coworkers or clients or whatever
shit sucks, i wonder if the office lady is a lonely person
