The 60 year old coomer
He's havin' a helluva time
Would you ever be this shameless about your lifelong porn habit?
why would flanders do this
Dream big
Literally me in the future.
A man who's enjoying life.
A worthy goal son
Dream cum true
original texts
booooobas
Are porn conventions worthwhile?
Like do the girls let anyone touch them? I guess they do that already on camera, but it's a bit different with random creepy fans.
did he coom himself into having a harem????
FeeIs gud man
women just cuck, it's all about that, and what is more cucked than fucking old dudes? it's the most pure cucking of the young male
Yeah just be gentle
Kendra Lust
He looks happy to me
I want to be like him. I bet he takes 6 months long vacations to pattaya every year where he creampies thai pussy every night. The perfect life.
does he have one with Violet Myers
Steve Paddock could have chosen this lifestyle, instead of pointlessly shooting people
3 day VIP
JUlCY
https://archive.4plebs.org/pol/thread/424865956
Bad Dragon
so he does
I need to get into the porn show circuit now.
man. that nigga the best. i'm jealous. respect. i want to take a pic then later fuck her in the ass
autumn falls is so beautiful
Abella
smoochie
cash money hoes
Take note virgins: not a single overhand in these photos.
the coomer awards
This dude probably has never heard of Incels or any pills except the morning after pill.
Being human
and viagra
This old mf likes Latinas
duckys
As other coomers pointed out in that thread, much of the currently active pornstars are Latina. Not Latinx, Latinx is a newly recognized species of Lynx discovered n Canada
Livin tha dream
round ass
Cindy StarfalI
kissy kissie
if you watch porn, you already have a harem
dont be a simp and run after girls
be coomerchad and coom to all women
I only find a couple of those women in the photos attractive. Whats with the fake tan, muscles and surgeries? Pornstars are fucking gross
A healthy individual indeed
I think I have that exact same necktie
take a look in your tie drawer now
Thanks for the laugh Homer.
Also it's becoming more rare to find porn stars without any tattoos. There are no tags or fetishes specifically for that, so I have to sift through a lot of garbage to find something fappable.
this is the one I was thinking of. it's close but not quite the same, the blue stripe is different. I own 48 neckties, btw, despite not having any conceivable use for more than three or four. 
also I didn't much care about the pornstars involved until I scrolled down and saw Cindy Starfall >>73147715
now I'm rather jealous of this guy
That seems weird to me. I can understand not liking tattoos, tans, surgeries or muscles. But actively searching around tattoos feels like too much. Do you only watch vanilla porn? Because if I'm watching a gangbang or bdsm or whatever I couldn't care less if the woman has tattoos.
why does he have so fucking bad teeth?
just fap to child porn bro. works for me
no, he just takes a picture with them after waiting in the line
I watch porn for the women more than the type of sex acts, and i don't watch fetish porn. Tattoos can completely ruin the view for me.
god i wish i looked like these disgusting whores
Walter White caught lacking
Girls will do more if you are old like the guy in the pics or you have a girl with you.
