It's starting to feel like summer. Post your local temperature! (And weather conditions if you're comfortable with that.)
around 70/74
clear skies 
would post pic
but im on the couch
76 degrees and sunny. Feels hotter inside, currently doing pullups and sweating like a pig. Feelsgoodman.
28c. A bit windy, sunny overall, 30% humidity.
In first world units, muttoids.
I want to have sex with the female in that image also its 67 degrees
Sounds comfy.
Good stuff anon! Make sure to stay hydrated!
I'd be dying in that heat. I can't really handle temps over 20.
That's quite a pleasant temperature.
Any summer plans, anons?
get your mind out of a gutter !!!
Hiking during the day and masturbating at night
We're expecting rain here tomorrow :/
91 today, I really dislike summer in my state and typically spend the entire summer just waiting for winter to come back
Average day in the middle of summer is like 115 to 120 and my room doesn't have good AC
Fun day activity, typical night activity :/
Oh noo :&lt; that's a bit depressing!
How are you not dead?
I think I'll have to suffer through temperatures like that too. Oh well. Best to go for a swim don't you think?
how was your exam?
It didn't go to well, but I got through it. I haven't looked at the marks yet, I'm too scared :/
oh well, not the end of the world
Yep! I just need to be a different person next semester. Work a little harder! Study a lot earlier.
it is always humid and hot here, it's in the 80s right now and will be in the 90s soon sadly
it's in the 50s (F) here and I hate it. I don't like cold, but I can deal with it. I'm fine with high temperatures, especially if the humidity is low. But I hate this in-between stuff. If I wear a jacket, I'm hot. If I don't, I'm cold. At least now I can keep the furnace shut off.
Its 1 degrees lol its nighttime
stop changing your image hashes, faggot
kelowna is fucked
Humidity sucks! I don't think I've experienced high humidity much.
You're my opposite. I love it when it's just right in between hot and cold. Just right.
That seems like a nice cold night. I hope my night is nice and cool, too.
I have no idea how image hashing works anon :/
I hope you survive out there! How are things in Kelowna?
its warming up, but its not completely unbearable yet
It's a nice city, but my dorm has no AC. luckily I'm moving dorms to one with ac, because it gets up to 40
yeah the humidity wouldn't be so bad if we actually had fall and winter here
