Why does god just watch
perhaps they were doomed to be unhappy with their body regardless
Why does it bug you? Because you're a normie and you're worried that if you have kids they could end up being freaks like this? I'm a total loser robot incel and I don't care about le state of society
You would too after giving humans such amazing talents and rather than untie to transverses the stars they are spending millions sterilizing themselves to pretend they changed genders.
Phalloplasty wont bring his testicles back.
His orgasms are gone forever.
I sooner society take up leaf land's MAiD service than this horrid ponzi scheme that's just going to make them suffer even more but make other rich off their misery.
Trannies can do whatever they want but the moment you start mutilating yourself to become a man or wahmen is peak mental illness.
how similar it is in sensation to a natural penis
these people are legit brainwashed into thinking you can transition to be the same as the other gender
Most are not even educated that biologically men and women are very different and they think it's possible from the top women athletes to compete against the top men atheists, not knowing that most would lose to HS teams of boys for how radically different the two genders are.
just imagine the shitstorm that will happen in 5-10 years when a BUNCH of mentally ill girls who went ftm and were encouraged to do that since middle school decide they want to have kids only to find that theat their voices are permanently changed, they are sterile and they can't ever get their tits back
Why does god just watch
Because he gave humans a choice and this is what they chose
Simple as that
God can't make people do things if you follow the set of rules given by the 3 main monotheistic religions. If that's the case, that means people actively choose to live like dogs and animals, to not respect other people or make them feel bad for not doing what everybody deems is normal, to ostracize anybody who does not immediately and neatly fit into their view of the world
I hope that God continues to watch and people continue to make the world worse until the population drastically drops
Yahweh the great gave magic rules to one old man in the middle of fucking nowhere
Humanity as a whole needs to follow these rules or else Yahweh will kill people with natural disasters because he's mad
Your god and the concept you hold of him as a big angry man, are stupid. How are trans people chopping their dicks off worse than the horrible parasites that will eat you from the inside out that Yahweh so generously added to his beautiful garden?
If Yahweh created the biological world and all the horrible diseases and conditions that will kill in you painful ways then he is a god of chaos and pain, so logically it would follow that he wants people to chop their dicks off and suffer. So arguably, trans people are way more religious (true to their creator) than you are with all your phony proselytizing.
he is a creep and a perv
The point is I was tricked into a turbinate reduction by a greedy doctor and have partial Empty Nose Syndrome, it is awful and I'm going to kill myself. It's hard to believe how awful this world is
I think he's on to something. I've always considered myself m2m trans. My testosterone has been tested multiple times and is 200-300ng/dL every timu. Free test was like 2 so I'm basically a woman trapped in a man's body. I don't like it at all but doctors gatekeep and keep saying it's normal. I eventually had enough and went diy trans m2m. First seller got busted but I had enough supply to find another. I lost my job because of the vax and have been without my gender affirming testosterone for about five months now and it's hell.
I'm pissed off that trannies get hormones no question asked. Females get estrogen, progesterone, and analogs no questions asked. Yet I have to risk jail time for the hormones my defective male woman body produces. I just want 250mg test e/wk since that's what makes me feel right. If fat people get food stamps there's no fucking reason that I shouldn't be given free roids. In my mind I identify as a 300lb Arnold Schwarzenegger and forcing me to live as a skinny man is worse than ten holocausts.
This makes no sense, by your logic he also wants people to thrive and enjoy life because he created love, happiness, beauty, pleasure
You can be happy and pleasured by chopping your dick off and suffering, why not? Also the here's a foreskin and foreskins are banned thing
Yahweh hates dicks
suffering
happy
This makes no sense
This happens all the time in the old testament, the curse of states is that the sins of its leaders kill its people. The 4 books of kingdoms in the bible cover this. Leagues of kings who abandon god and have groves of effeminate men as a result. All of israel suffers because one of their kings was a faggot.
Gender affirming care folks
His orgasms are gone forever.
forever.
lol tho
As the phrase goes: "In times of ignorance, God winks".
Most are not even educated that biologically
you know this actually explains a lot, anon. Did normal people just assume all of these trannies had a grasp of basic human biology when, in reality, they are completely unaware?
I hope that before pc culture dies and people call trannies out for being mentally ill retards that shouldn't be indulged, humanity gets at least one guy who chopped his dick off, got a penis from his skin tissue and then decided to chop it off again and go back to having a wound hole. Humanity deserves this achievement.
You're retarded for giving up your job because faux news got to you, but you're right about the test thing. I've been chronically exhausted for years to the point where I can barely work half time before dealing with days of exhaustion-induced headaches. My T is on "the low end of normal," but no will give me T. But some tranny faggot can walk right in and get some because the current year. Shit's fucked.
None of it makes sense, I don't think god is real but the guy you're replying too is naive retard thinking the world owes him good things 24/7. In truth the world is chaotic and there is no meaning onto why people chops their dicks off, maybe they're insane, or actually think they'll be a woman and so on.
Tranny faggots deserve the rope.
Pretty scary how trannies actually got memed into thinking that you can just cut your penis off and get a vagina just like that. There's no way a person who got bottom surgery passed a biology class.
That's what being mentally ill does to a retard.
That's what should really fucking scare you
He promised He'd never hard reset the world again after the flood. Perhaps it's not bad enough yet for Him to change His mind.
I think God hates use. He just watches and laughs. Honestly, we are one of the greatest sitcoms ever created. 
Verification not required.
I don't think there will be a return trip Mr Frodo...
It was God's plan that's why kek
