How to relieve anger/bitterness/frustration?
You cannot desu. The best way historically was to join the military and fight, but we live in an era of unprecedented peace.
we live in an era of zero honor or reason to fight.
The governments are more clear than ever about how much they hate us.
I would rather off myself then go fight in some meaningless war, but that's all we're gonna get from here on out in the tech age.
I'd just coom it out for decades. 2/10, I don't recommend. Use that rage to lift weights, run up mountains, learn martial arts, and when enough people decide it's time to finally unfuck society, you'll be able to get shit done.
Most wars have been meaningless throughout the history. The elites have always disliked the plebs. Only defensive wars are honorable else it's imperialist aggresion. Do you think Napoleon cared of millions of plebs that died during his rampage across Europe? Kek. You can join the anti-ISIS factions because ISIS looks like objectively evil to me.Maybe join some war on the side of a minority ethnic group in Africa thats being cannabalised to extinction? But i know you won't you coward.
I'm white dumbass, why the fuck would I interfere with someone elses war. That is their honor, their legacy, not mine, to step in and play any part in taking that away would be truly evil of me.
Honor and Tradition is very important to me, that is why even though I live in Japan now, I will never breed a japanese woman. It's not right, their culture is homogenous and I'm just some immigrant, so I would never play a part in the countries downfall by mix breeding them.
I'm not like those immigrant back home in America.
Kek you are a coward and a cringelord on the top of it. Kekekek just got laid with some moonfaced Nip women. Taro's don't care about this shit anymore. Also ISIS is an international issue. They have jehadis from all walks of life even white ones from western countries. It's also honorable to protect the weak no matter who they are.
just got laid with some moonfaced Nip women.
Thanks for lowering the IQ of their race dipshit.
There is no honor in needing to be saved. You should be able to handle yourself.
This extends to societies as a whole, not just the individual. 
If another country needs aid then that immediately makes them weak. The aiding country is the alpha in this scenario.
Nip society is already collapsing. What did they achieve with that high IQ? Who cares? Not even they do. I thinking you are just some coping shut in incel who can't even score a Jap despite being white.Rest of your post is major cringe edgelord stuff.
someone tell me genuinely please. i live in a very dysfunctional home and i get irritated easily. when im angry its like all my senses shut off and i cant think straight no matter how much i want to not snap at other people
False, even when I lived in America I had chances to "Score" as you people call it.
However, I never saw those women as potential wives so I declined. Sex should never be meaningless and should never happen between two people who don't love each other.
Now I live in Japan, because I see it as a major step-up from America. 
That being said, it would be hypocritical of me to come to another country and impregnate their women, mixing their race and lowering their IQ.
That's exactly what I hated about America, immigrants coming in and the constant hammering in of diversity and mixing. So disgusting.
