At this point i've had 3 relatively healthy internet relationships with somewhat normal women (for the most part) that have lasted for more than 6 months, the current one getting close to being a year old.
But still a kissless virgin
what gives
Its your fault for not meeting up. I've only had internet girlfriends too but I always fly there or have them fly here. Frequently too.
Havent had enough neetbux to fly out yet, this winter I think I will though.
Was it awkward for you meeting them IRL? We've spoken in voice and video calls many many times so I dont think communication will be too much of a problem but idk
Because the internet girlfriends arre men.
You seem relatively well adjusted, you're just not meeting irl. Why not?
Honestly not for me. I act the same online that I do irl (retarded). Ice breaks fast once the girl sees you're the same. Also try not to force sex if she isn't the horny type
I wouldnt exactly say im very well adjusted. Still a 4chan user and sexual deviant and not particularly attractive. I'm not meeting for a variety of reasons, money is one of them, my kinda conservative family isn't too into edating and are disappointed im not getting IRL girls. 
I do somewhat act the same IRL as online but i definitely tone it down for some people. 
We've gotten along very well online though and she *seems* to love me.
I wouldnt exactly say im very well adjusted. Still a 4chan user and sexual deviant and not particularly attractive. I'm not meeting for a variety of reasons, money is one of them, my kinda conservative family isn't too into edating and are disappointed im not getting IRL girls.
Yeah I mostly meant well adjusted compared to most robots desu. If you're able to have healthy, long term online relationships with girls that already puts you league ahead of most robots, that's honestly probably harder to pull off than doing the same irl since you don't have sex as a bonus to make them stay. Maybe you're European so it's harder to do, but I'd recommend making sure the girl lives close to you early on. Nothing worse than an ldr that's a plane ride away imo, or worse in another country. I'd try to get money sooner to meet as well
Sadly across the country, OR to GA. And I'm a poor NEET.
Yea it'll be toned down irl at the very beginning but trust you'll get over it quick. How long is the distance? The farthest I've done is east coast USA and west coast Canada. Anything further I'd probably not pursue as I think frequent trips are healthy but I've met ppl who see eachother twice a year and together for years. Also don't worry my family thought I was going to be raped by a 50yr
Sadly across the country, OR to GA. And I'm a poor NEET.
That's pretty far, but could be worse. I've e-dated girls in Europe, and throwing them being in another country into the mix (not to mention timezones) is really rough. My rule of thumb nowadays is that they have to be in the US at least, the closer the better, and in Canada at worst. Having no money to travel while living that far is a huge problem desu, and something I've often dealt with since I have no car or money. I think you said earlier you were planning on seeing her in the winter. Why would it take you that long to save up money? Are you totally against getting a job to save up money to see her. Even working min wage (especially in Oregon which probably has a high min wage), you could save up for travel expenses in a month at most
Sometimes I genuinely wonder what I would even do with a girlfriend. How would I ever will myself to be vulnerable with her? How would I repress the urges to avoid her any time I'm in her presence? What would we even talk about? I can't see any scenario where I open up to a girl about anything I'm interested in, I don't understand how human connection overrides someone invading your privacy and taking all of your energy
So far we've been doing fine without meeting but I think both of us are eager to.
I could probably get enough money but my family is going on a long trip soon this summer, and I do have an internship lined up to start the end of this summer, but it pays minimum wage. Winter is just an estimate late fall might be possible
I could probably get enough money but my family is going on a long trip soon this summer, and I do have an internship lined up to start the end of this summer, but it pays minimum wage. Winter is just an estimate late fall might be possible 
Seems like you're not in a rush and are doing well. I wouldn't rush it unless you're dying to meet her, you're unironically on a much better path than most anons here
How would I ever will myself to be vulnerable with her?
Thankfully Im able to be pretty open about my feelings but I do feel that there are some things I couldnt bring myself to tell her.
Do you have any normal friends anon? 
I guess youre right anon. 
Though my question was why cant I get IRL girlfriends if I'm seemingly on a good path and able to find and keep an online girlfriend. I love my current egf and wouldnt break up with her for an irl girl but things wouldve been alot easier if i could get one irl.
I guess youre right anon.
Though my question was why cant I get IRL girlfriends if I'm seemingly on a good path and able to find and keep an online girlfriend. I love my current egf and wouldnt break up with her for an irl girl but things wouldve been alot easier if i could get one irl.
Idk, only you can answer that. Maybe you aren't putting yourself out there much. I'd guess you're pretty average looking but don't meet many girls irl or initiate conversation with them. Seems like you have neutral looks, but a good personality, which can backfire if you're too shy irl since girls never know you're actually cool
Seems like you have neutral looks, but a good personality, which can backfire if you're too shy irl since girls never know you're actually cool
Sounds right. Though I dont really know how to put myself out there irl and being a bit of a coomer and internet weirdo doesn't really help.
Do you have any normal friends anon? 
No, I don't have any friends... even though I'm in uni right now, I haven't had a lot of will to look for friends at the moment. Earlier I tried joining some clubs based on my interests, but I never really met anyone who I clicked with. I'm guessing this is since I'm in a competetive school and I only really relate well with people who have ADHD, mostly though since I'm tired and unmotivated to actually go out of my way and find those few people
INTERNET RELATIONSHIPS ARE NOT RRAL RELATIONSHIPS. THEY DO NOT COUNT. IF YOU DO NOT MEET THEM IRL YOU LITERALLY WASTED YOUR TIME
Sounds right. Though I dont really know how to put myself out there irl and being a bit of a coomer and internet weirdo doesn't really help.
You have to play the normie game to learn it. Not saying it will be easy, but you seem way more normal than many robots so with some effort and intention you could easily have a fulfilling irl social life imo
Thanks for the advice anon
I feel less depressed when with my internet girls than alone so it does something for me
