Death is inevitable. This fact has been the source of many complicated and intense emotions throughout my life. When I was young, it would evoke absolute terror, as if I were to die in that moment. As I grew older, it became a comforting thought. It was a constant, the only friend who stayed by my side. If I could count on nothing else, I knew that one day we would meet. Now, as I type this, the thought evokes nothing. I feel nothing when I contemplate my annihilation. I see it as a change in state, but nothing more than that. To feel so distanced from death when being so close to bringing it about by my own hand is a strange thought. 
What do I feel? I feel as if I have already died, and that killing my body is merely a formality. I scarce have the energy to move my hands to type. A dull pain is always on the edges of my mind, a physical ache whose origin is to me unknown. Certainly, no physical injury has caused it. My head rests now on a pile of blankets, with nothing touching it that might be to blame for that omnipresent pain. One might speculate that it is psychogenic in origin, but ultimately it is speculation. Regardless, it is the most real thing I am feeling at this moment. It feels as if this pain is merely the feeling of being alive; it feels as though all feelings I experience are but different shades of pain. I feel the deep, heavy hurt like lead coating my bones, an accumulation of all the pain I've experienced built up like resin on a pipe. Other pains sometime visit me, stabbing or needling or burning themselves from my mind throughout my body. Shame over who I am. Guilt over the things I have done. Grief for those I've lost. Even lighter emotions, such as joy, are painful by way of being merely remembered shadows of their true selves.
Every day I have to be alive. I'm stuck in this body and this life, adding every day to the weight I carry the pains I suffer. Every day, despite the promise and hope of bringing light, becomes just another day of repetitive suffering. The old pains watch on silently, waiting their turn as the new pains flutter and sting in my chest. To continue to live, expecting relief from this suffering while being denied it at every turn, feels a fool's errand. Nothing I have tried has yielded that which I seek.
I sit here alone. No friends worry about my silence. The man I love is not going to console me. He does not think of me, or if he does it has not been enough to drive him to reach out to me. Everyone I have tried to befriend has left me, a pattern that has not changed since I was a young child. No matter what I do, no matter who I am or how I act, it always ends the same way. Abandoned. Cast aside. Ignored. Even those who I care dearly about, those to whom I have shown my self as openly as the day I was born and given that gift of vulnerability, have found me wanting. Nothing in me has been enough to keep their interest. Always, they see something in me that must repulse them, for they all recoil never to be heard from again. I have never had a friend reach out to me, rather than me reaching out to them. Every single relationship I have had has been initiated by my hand and ended by another's. I do everything I can and yet it is as though I am doing nothing for all that I have to show for it.
Cringe. Be a man and give everyone ZERO closure.
Every day seems to be just an opportunity for more pain, for more suffering. The promise of a better life shines like an angler fish's dangle, enticing me towards the gaping maw of reality, waiting with teeth like polished knives. Every day, I try to swim towards the light and every day my blood clouds the water. And so, as time wore on, I put up walls to blot out all light so that I might never be tempted again. Here I sit, in this death like darkness, safe in solitary suffering. This is a place beyond hope, beyond light, beyond life. I find myself in despair absolute, surrounded by an impentrable darkness, waiting for my body to give out so I can finally go to that greater darkness.
Why do I wait? If every day is to be like this, and if my only company is to be cherished memories too few in number, and painful ones in abundance, then why do I persist in this life? It is the only one I will ever have, but that fact is more akin to a death sentence than a wonderful blessing. I tell myself it is because I do not want to hurt my mother, as my death would break her heart. The truth of that is that she too will die eventually, and that suffering will be gone as if it never had been. A reason based on smoke. No, the reason is that I do still fear death. I am alive, and because of our accursed instincts I find myself unable to take any actions that would end my life. The closest I have come was drinking alcohol in an attempt to lower my inhibitions such that I might continue drinking to the point of lethality. While a valiant attempt, it was a failure. I ended up in the hospital, waking up unaware that I had attempted suicide so complete had my blackout been. Even that had not been enough. 
the letter is for me, not them
My body is an animal, and my conscious mind is but a small fraction of what that animal is. As much as the self that thinks wishes to die, the self that lives is unwilling to allow it. I can think of a myriad of ways to overcome the obstacle of unwillingness, but not the inability to act that it inspires. My body ceases to respond to my own commands, frozen by another mind that is far older and far deeper than the surface self which thinks. If I try to swallow pills, it vomits them back up. If I stand at the edge of a drop, it throws itself back rather than forward. If I desire to slam my car into a wall, it holds the steering wheel firm in a safe direction. There exists no way that I have been able to devise to bypass this. Even such thoughts feel held back from my mind, unthinkable silent thoughts who are aborted before they are realized.
And it is thus that I live. I suffer each day, being crushed by the weight of accumulated hurt. My body and mind ache, sore and exhausted from days long past yet having to contend with days present. I feel so much hurt in my soul, from being abused and neglected and raped and molested and being shown by harsh reality time and time again that my worth to others is nothing. As a social animal, few things are more painful than the realization of such fears of ostracization and rejection. And yet, that is my life. Why do I live? So this pain can be experienced? What kind of fucking joke is that? Why must I continue to live, and why is suicide considered selfish? Is it not more selfish to chain someone who is suffering intense pain to life, so that you might avoid the discomfort of attending their funeral?
Years of therapy. Years of "getting better". Years of growth. None of this has made any difference. I try to live differently, to relate to myself and others in healthier ways, and yet the world remains the same violent uncaring hell. I have no control over the pains I will suffer, only how I respond to them. Why then, is suicide not considered a valid response? I just want the pain to stop. I just can't fucking keep living like this. Nothing helps. Drugs make my body feel so much pain. Sex is only traumatizing. Friends are just people who you will lose when they know the real you. Therapy is just talking in circles. I feel as though I have gotten everything I can from everything I can, and nothing has helped lighten the load. When the weight becomes heavier than the self that lives, I shall die by my own hand. When that time comes, I hope you will be happy for me to be free, rather than sad for yourself for having to acknowledge that I am gone. In truth, I have been "gone" since birth. The person you knew was just a collection of anguished screams and gut wrenching fear and grief wearing a person shaped mask. Please be relieved that those screams have fallen silent :)
end
if you want me to proof read this at all i'm gonna need some cash first op sorry
yeah not reading all that shit man lmao sorry bro hope it felt good to write it though sometimes that's enough
it did thanks
just getting it out helped me feel less shitty
I came here to laugh at you for asking for proofreading of a suicide note like the grammar matters at all given the weight of the circumstance. But it looks like something I would have wrote myself. Surely there are people that wont just use us for validation. Surely there are reasons to continue living, though I'm not sure what they are.
;_;
i hope you find a reason. therapists tell me it is possible, that they even felt this way once, but i don't really believe them that i could get to where they are. maybe you will.
I'm sure you can, but you wont find it here posting pictures like that. You may relate to the person in the picture because life offered you abuse, but people here see that picture like a shark sees blood in the water. There are people who seek out people like you specifically to abuse for an ego kick. 
I'm not sure where you should go but it isnt here.
You have to be 18 to post here
few words say more than many.
leaving a long ass note is cringe.
Here is my suicide note if I ever suicide:
"I tired.
I rest now"
Why do you care about leaving a suicide note if you are going to be dead won't see the reaction and people reading it will not affect you in any way?
Don't die.
Stick around.
