birthing of a nonwhite
The baby just slams head first into a cement sidewalk at birth
Is that why non-whites have like 80 iq?
Do they all get brain damage from being born like this?
i am bewildered by this webm, i am confused and intrigued
so many answered unanswered
shes birthing the antichrist
Yeah, if I wasn't born like this, my IQ would have been higher than 120 :(
i still don't understand why women are forced to give birth on their backs (in hospitals), because the natural position is basically squatting on your feet.
the sheer irony of this post is hilarious
it pops out that easily??
That was probably her 12th baby so yeah it'd be pretty easy by then.
I did not know there was an alternative to supine. I just assumed this video was 100% fake. I did not know women could birth squatting. Thank you for sharing.
No muss, no fuss, must be convenient. It slid out like a turd.
Typical neanderthal birth
brownoid still foaming
Kek
Lmao
"White male suicides aren't fu-ACK"
GIBSMEDAT WHITEY
lmao no get fucked lol
"The declining white population ISN'T FU-ACK!"
bix nood mufug-AACKKKK
this is shitting up the board out of inceldom desperation
these memes are always so much funnier when it's someone you know irl allmost exactly. Fat nerd with black hair and japanese wife, lol
still seething because nobody cares about white male suicide 
Lmao your peers killed themselves because being around you was too taxing
teriyaki
brownoid
can't stop seething
Many such cases. Sad!
still coping with the fact that white males make up 70% of all daily suicides despite being 32% of the population and society doesn't care 
still coping with the white death rates surpassing already declining white birth rates 
still coping with the fact that your grandparents died (or will died) for nothing 
lmfaooo sorry anon but nobody will ever care about white male suicide. Asians in particular are extremely happy when asked about the declining white population seriously nobody will ever care looool
this trend has been more pronounced in the younger population aged 10-59years (suicide is the first and second leading cause of death in people aged 10-39years and aged 40-59years, respectively)
this cannot be tlue wittu pigguuu!!!! 
Kek
Study states that white men are more likely to be sexually attracted to prepubescent children, compared to black or Latino men. 
Black offenders were more often classified as more sexually attracted to adults compared with White child sex offenders. 
White offenders were more often classified as socially incompetent and sexually fixated on children when compared with Black offenders 
SEXUALLY FIXATED ON CHILDREN 
Latino offenders were more often classified as higher in social competence as well as sexually attracted to adults than white and Black offenders. 
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0886260516653550 
White men are baby rapists lmfao
White males are 70% more likely to know a friend or family member that has killed themselves. 90% of the time that victim is also a white male
KEK
niggers cant get laid
Kek
Lol he went straight into seizure mode
this kills the rice grains
Cope while society celebrates white male suicide. White males will be suffering from increasing suicidal ideation for their entire lives lol. Nobody cares because everyone knows you're lost causes. Majority of society is happy or uncaring when asked about the declining white population for good reason kek
nonwhite parents laugh when their spawn kills itself
Lol
Lmao
I would give my life for this woman
wtf why do they fall over on their backs
Uncontrolled laughter
that doesn't look like laughing though
Ewwww nasty neanderthal brains
be nonwhite
get eaten by machines
Kek
being happy that a child lost it's mother
you will never be human
brownoid seething over small bug loosing big bug
Kek
spams dead mexican and black kids
seethes when dead white kids are posted
At least you aren't pretending it isn't you like before lmao
browns utterly dominated by whites
At the end of the day, these are just posts on the internet nobody will read, utterly insignificant. What matters is the real world. And in the real world...
73142972
73143209
lmfao he's trying to moralfag like it wasn't him posting dead kids
Thanks for showing that we were always in the right to post it. Hope you enjoy seeing cardboardgirl
You are wasting your time arguing with these people. They're doomed, powerless, and will be old men living in non-white countries. Go outside, ignore them and enjoy. They can't do anything other than seethe on 4chan. Why bother?
proud nonwhite future
Kek
I don't really care dude. What will you do about it other than seethe online? All I have to do is leave this thread and you're powerless but in the real world things are happening. Enjoy the rest of your life.
I am simply stating facts and I do so because you're an immoral individual, you will suffer in the future. You will never change what's happening in the real world, all you can do is post videos and photos on a dead imageboard. Compare your digital stuff to what's happening in the real world. You'll never stop it, you know it, I know it, you just vent by posting disgusting shit online. All it managed to do is make people who had no problem with white people before start hating them, such as the anon above and me.
that's not me dumbass lmfao White male suicide will always be a hoot and a holler btw
I have never said any of that what are you on about? What are you talking about?
brownoid still FOAMING
Lmao you will never be wanted
Because it's what they deserve. They plan mass shootings in their discords and telegrams and celebrate them here. This is a mess they created. It's also kind of fun to pester them. I even saw other anons join in on the fun while I was away. It seems like everyone is tired of their shit
shitskin tantrum continues as white CHAD owns their women
I don't want you to die, I'm just happy that you'll suffer in the future because you're an immoral asshole, you post disgusting stuff online 24/7, I can tell who you are mods have loose lips on IRC, you have zero fucking life, you genuinely made me go from having some close white friends to disliking most white people. I've never done anything to any white person IRL, live in my own country, and don't cause any trouble. You have successfuly made me dislike white people. It wasn't the jews, or whatever the fuck, it was you and schizos like you. Now I see white tourists and only want them gone.
brownoid when confronted with white superiority
Why are asian girIs like this?
I always find it extremely pathetic how chinks always try to use blacks in their shitposts because they know they themselves are pathetic losers no one is intimidated by. Imagine some little ricecel explaining to his mommy why he has 10,000 pictures of black dicks on his hard drive.
im a girl and saw my friend give birth
instinctually she wanted to squat like you describe but the nurses ran in and yelled at her to get back on her back
Because shit like Genghis Khan basically raped a survival instinct into asian women to fuck whoever is in control.
HOW DID HE MANAGE TO GET HER.
