Twin Fantasy edition
last time:>>73131099 →
thread theme:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALGE6EDYQME
Who ever reads this will be molested by me in your dreams
youll never get me under my weighted blanket
Well gentlesirs, looks like I'm getting laid
I'm about to stuff my face with yet more pizza. I don't know why but it seems like I'm ravenously hungry almost all the time.
I am currently making a frozen pizza because I am sad
hopefully the pizza will cure my sadness
:0
pizza hivemind
fat people should be forced to listen to my tinfoil ideas on economics and technology and cinema
pizza fren, pizza never cures my sadness I'm afraid.
try to meet other guys around my age (19-22) on grindr
creep them all out with my autism and get blocked just for asking to give them head sometime 
Some people can only take L's
rape gay sex rape
Grindr
Please end your life.
How are you comfortable with randos sucking you off kinda gross haha
creep them all out with my autism
Did you really or are you just feeling sorry for yourself once more?
The plan was for me to suck them off 
How the fuck else am I supposed to meet people
i only let my favorite celebrities suck me off
like ben stein
You could try tinder but if you want casual sex, Grindr should do the trick.
Id tap epsteins bussy frfr no cap
You know that by being a lonely virgin you are statically more likely to end your own life
how do you think i won ben stein's money?
not answering questions on tv
By getting to know them first
I got a blowie from Willian Cassiterite.
It's 6 am and i need to be up by 10 or probably 9:30. Is it worth trying to sleep?
I won't stop being a retard till i die
You can be a retard and still get a bf
have a huggy
Omori was about me except I never had friends.
You can have a hug as well
Shout out to his family
I have a dream
SUCK MY DICK EVERYDAY!
if everyone was mr rogers the world would be a very nice place but dates would be very awkward
I've puffed my inhaler like 10 times today but I'm still coughing like crazy. 
Am I dying?
i will (you) you since you seem to be the only other you here
How are you doing my dear Anon. 
I ain't good. Been coughing all day and it's gotten worse. I did manage to buy some clothes before then and I believe my choices were quite nice.
i hope you feel better and your breathing improves. i always want more clothes but never go shopping for them. im mysterious and retarded like that but dont think of using it against me because i already know im retarded
nta but retard anon have my psychic schizo hug
I kinda want to make lego griffith but I think he would look like a tranny with the hair lego figures have.
Would you make a lego guts as well
Yeah that one would probably be easier.
I think it would lonely if you only had a griffith lego without his best buddy.
I have an extremely bloated ugly belly from overeating right now and it's killing me what should I do? I tried puking but not much came out.
Stop overeating next time. Just let it sit bro
Yeah it was my fault. I'm gonna lay down but holy shitttttt it hurts and I look ugly as shit. It hurts really bad maybe I should shower.
Not if I molest you first anon.
There can be only one.
Omori sucks. Game for fujos and pedophiles on top of being boring. Play a real game faglord >:D
I this paper a detailed analysis is performed on linear feedback systems and equations derived which will be used to find the theoretically perfect bf assuming a Gaussian distribution of possible bfs.
Hey now! I'm not a fan but friend of mine is so stfu, he's neither of those things. You oughta hang yourself by the tendons from a wind turbine blade during a lil in the weather.
Hey now! I'm not a fan but friend of mine is so stfu, he's neither of those things. You oughta hang yourself by the tendons from a wind turbine blade during a lil in the weather.
Angry because I'm right
There's a bunch of blood on my bathroom floor.
Uh is it yours? twagaegwa
Never actually played brother. I just know my cute friend likes it.
I'm gonna play battle network 1, see you guys next month
Cmon anon talk to us sometimes
Slept for 3 hours. Let the pain commence
I ate that entire frozen pizza in one sitting and I will admit it did not really help no
honestly i just feel worse about myself desu
I took a shower and cleaned up my bathroom. My stomach looks fine again and my cough has gotten slightly better. Also tried out some of the new conditioner I got and hopefully it can make my hair a little less dry looking. Laying in bed with my stuffed animals currently.
What our my dear Anons up to tonight? Or morning you are a euro.
well its technically morning everywhere in Amerika.
Glad you are feeling a bit better. I'm feeling better mentally this morning but very tired. It's better then the other way around i think
Bed and stuffed animals is comfy and i'm jelly :3
Well it's time for me to go. Busy day
Just listening to music and browsing the web. I hope you can get some rest Anony.
My hygiene is slipping again, I actually can't remember the last time I showered. It might even be longer than a week this time.
I only shower to go out to the shops, because other people don't deserve to have to deal with my poor hygiene.
I washed 23 hours ago, dreadful
objectively wrong opinion, Omori is one of my favourite games to have come out in recent years
I am going to sleep. Good night Nons. 
Tomorrow I will manifest my future husband.
It's okay to like things that are bad and it's also okay to not like things that are good and I'm not going to tell you which one of you is which
its just boring ignoring the truly annoying fanbase. That entire game is a melodramtic snoozefest. The combat like nearly all rpg games is boring. The dialogue is all annoying(mostly because it comes from literal children)
Oh yeah, I'm getting out of bed before noon for once
I feel like I've gotten worse at even talking to cashiers and waiters lately
im really glad bunnyanon is alive, i got so worried for a few days when he stopped replying :')
though i do hate how he keeps being flirty with other guys but doesn't want meeeeeeeee
Serious question. Aren't you concerned about your anus becoming loose and leading to incontinence? that is the biggest thing for me as to why to avoid that stuff. What is the general thought on this? And your personal attitude?
this is not a concern for me as I am a stone cold incel
I just want to frot desu desu whilst passionately kissing
That's not gonna happen unless you're a retard. Also I have no bf.
I only make $15 an hour yet I still have fantasies about taking care of a bf and providing for him...its so over.
If your hairs anything like mine you need some hair oil
Use it once your hair is almost fully dry and you only need like a drop and a half to run through the bottom third all over 
Can put on another drop the next day if its still dry
What if he feels exactly the same way and you can take care of each other
having a bf to provide for would be the one thing that could make my job worth it desu desu
tfw no bf with whom to suffer for 8 hours a day in our respective shitty jobs and then spend the rest of our day together doing whatever we want
tfw no bf to cuddle all day while working from home together
Posting my favourite twin prophets version:
https://youtu.be/WPeFeY7WOLY [Embed]
Had a dream me and my cousin brutally assassinated a sex haver for being racist towards us.
This is weird because I don't even like my cousin.
What have you been doing in the bf hunting department this year?
never had friends.
Aren't you like extremely racist (despite being a mexican tranny) and you keep wishing death on everyone? 
Maybe there's a good reason why you never had a friend. Just saying. Even anonymously, you come across as obnoxious and insufferable
Pretty sure you need to be fisted on the regular to have that happen to you
longer than a week
Holy shit what is wrong with you. Go take a shower now.
lay me down, grease me up, push it in
Hey anon, you in a mood for chatting a bit? I wish to get my mind off of things.
But keep in mind that I am off-put by interacting with people who have more than one (1) friend, because I myself don't.
What troubles you, anonyman
Sounds like both of you were in the wrong desu
Why does Hue think I am a tranny LOL.
You can't be racist to sudacas or pajeets, they are subhuman.
I'm off-put by interacting with people who have it better than me because I'm jealous
You won't go far in life with such a stupid mindset.
You literally said you were a tranny and even tried HRT when you were avatarfagging with that other green braided character before Griffith. 
It's hilarious to see how much you regret telling the truth so now all you can do is backtrack 
There's a reason why you're lonely and have no friends and no bf. The only things that can stand your presence are your plushies because they don't really have a choice
Ah just usual ocd crap, but forget about that. Instead tell me what you're up to right now? I for one am listening to music while laying down shirtless (I hate the approaching summer so much).
If you want to take your mind off things and be distracted, why not try dating apps and have a date?
Holy shit can you please refrain from doing the two retards fighting thing all day again
Entertain me then. I am bored. 
Very sick in bed right now and sleep deprived.
Your long hair makes you even more tranny like
Sudacacel stays seething against handsome mexichud femboy bvll...
I personally would prioritize the discord friends instead of anons here. Just sayin'.
hey hoii bunnyanon. im not sure if you're around but i read some of your messages in the last thread and thought that maybe you wanted to get some stuff off your chest. you can vent here to me if you'd like! hope you're doing okay :3
Not a summer fan, huh? Is it the heat that bothers you or something else? I'm quite looking forward to it, myself.
Right now I'm just playing chess online and trying to psyche myself up to look for sheet music at a low enough level for me to play despite my very very rusty cello skills. What sort of music are you listening to?
handsome
Literally a khhv tranny on hrt 
Your beauty makes boys turn 180 degrees and run
Have you ever tried having a date where you play the cello for a boy? You know they would love that, very romantic
What would I do without you... But maybe turn that caring attitude down just a notch, otherwise I'll start believing that you actually do.
And there isn't really much point in venting about stuff now. And I can't really be bothered too. All I will say is that I wish I lived somewhere else, and that this entire side of the continent gets sodomized by sildenafil doped horses and then drenched in napalm and set ablaze.
Do you ever find yourself playing city-builder games? Maybe it'll help you study.
And also, what's your opinion on him? Did you watch his movie (yes I say "his" movie because he totally steals the show)? I wish he was my husband.
Very much the heat. But also the visibility too, darkness is much more serene to me. I personally dislike chess; maybe something to do with the large amount of different pieces. Have you ever played other board(?) games? Also, why do you look forward to summer? Don't tell me that you *gasp* go outside?!
As for the music, I'm not really sure how to describe it, it's like chill hip-hop with an acoustic guitar based beat. Would "Defeated Clown" by Hildur Gudnadottir be too difficult to play?
I wish I lived somewhere else,
Hardly anything would change, you would take all your problems with you wherever you go: they're inside your head. 
But surely blaming the continent is easier than addressing your issues
well i do care about you 'non, you know i do! no worries, sometimes wenting only makes things worse. i hope your struggles will pass soon and if you need any support, you can always summon me :3
i do like city skylines! i play it with my friend occasionally because my computer can't handle it haha, sucks but ehh what can you do. 
if you mean the lego batman movie then i really liked the robin character they portrayed! that movie in general was pretty good! a little silly and unrealistic but it's lego so it makes sense ^^ or did you mean something else?
I suppose the heat thing depends on where you live, I always like it when there's a very hot summer here but in this country that just means the low thirties centigrade. You're right about the dark, though, I don't want to have to wait until midnight for a decent nightwalk.
I don't really play any other "classic" board games of the likes of go or shogi or whatever, but I do like those big cooperative board games like Eldritch Horror, when the one (1) friend is up for it. What about you, anon? Or maybe card games? They're in the same sort of realm.
Chill hip hop with acoustic guitars is one of my favourite kinds of music. Have you listened to Nujabes? He did a lot of that sort of thing and I used to listen to an unhealthy amount of it.
That piece itself is simple enough, but I think I'd struggle to do Hildur's performance justice at my current level. It would be good to try, though.
Do you have a favorite city in the world? (sorry if I asked you this already) And yes I was referencing the batman movie. I liked the "silly" parts a lot desu, and it was really wholesome too! I love everything about robin, he's just too adorable to not love.
Hmm, do you have a favorite Ninjago ninja? Regarding their post-movie looks that is. I'm asking this because another adorbz character to me is Jay and his gosh darn freckles >.&lt;
Apologies if I'm prying here, but how did you meet your irl friends?
What's the deal with night walks? As soon as I leave my room I'm waiting to get back into it, because there is currently nothing to do outside of it.
I never really played any of the classic games, including card stuff, but I think there's a good amount of them that wold be fun. Go seems interesting.
cooperative board games like Eldritch Horror
Had no idea that this existed. Is it something like D&amp;D?
Nujabes
Never heard of hem before, but I'll check it out right now, so thanks for the suggestion anon!
He should tell me so we can live together
broom broom im in me mums cah
get out me cah
This made me laugh. Thanks anon &lt;3
tfw no english bf
I would sell my soul for an English bf
all /r9gay/ boys should move to england
specifically the northwest
specifically across the street from me
I guess something that will make him like his masculine features? Telling him that he doesn't have to go all the way through? But I am not a fan of questioning or changing the contents of people's like/dislike sets. Not sure how possible it is to do so anyway, at least without damaging one's mind. I'd expect him to always harbor those feelings, regardless of what people tell him. Which is a shame, because that probably means -1 twink in the world :(
Me too! ...assuming I had one ofc
Did you wear uniforms in school anon?
Yes, but I didn't go to a particularly fancy school so it was just a jumper in the school colours over a white shirt rather than a blazer or anything people usually associate with the English school uniform. We could wear polo shirts during the summer though.
british be like: "oi ya bruv i cant jump wiffout me jumpa on, i dont have a jumping loicense"
I know this is a controversial opinion, but I think that it's a shame that the kneesocks and shorts combo went out of fashion. Is your house made out of bricks with no facade? Do you like the norfwest?
I'd be someone English bf as long as they promised to take me out of England desu
haha holy shit i just looked that up and its so goofy.
It is eye-catching isn't it :3
Well, shorts are comfy and easy to wear. But I was an anxious and self conscious kid and didn't like to wear shorts during the summer because I didn't want people looking at my legs.
Is your house made out of bricks with no facade?
There's a little bit of rendering on the upper front of my house but apart from that it's all brick. I didn't realise that was a thing associated with England desu, do Americans not use bricks or something?
Do you like the norfwest?
The weather can be a bit shit but the people are nice here. I lived in the south for most of my life but I think I prefer it here
I still don't like wearing shorts. Maybe if I had less hairy legs it wouldn't be so embarrassing. Although I would enjoy dressing "slutty" for my fbf.
Truth be told, I don't really know if others associate that architecture with the isles, but for me personally it always reminds me of the kinds of identical houses build to act as social housing for factory workers and alike. And I'm no expert on US architecture either, but I do see a lot of plywood-based houses acting as the least common denominator there, instead of ingot-like clay bricks.
The weather can be a bit shit
So I take it, you don't like the rain?
Do people really call cigarettes the f-word over there?
I would sell my soul
There's no need for that. Just go to the apps and arrange a date in public
How can you be single living in the first world? I don't get it
Do you like, never go out and never meet anyone new in real life? That's the only way
never go out and never meet anyone
hello that's me thank you very much does anyone want to be my bf?
Funny, it's the opposite for me. I really don't grow body hair worth a damn anywhere except my legs and so I shave them occasionally, except I'm not really attractive enough to pull it off.
I've never got why Americans build houses out of wood, desu. Maybe it works better with the climates over there? It's strange to me though.
I love the rain, it's the cold and the grey I don't like. What's the weather like in your part of the world, anon?
Calling cigarettes fags is one of those going out of fashion things that only older people tend to do, but people will know what you mean and not take offense if you call them that.
my favorite city... that's a really good question! i am obsessed with ancient Rome and Constantinople, but not everything has been preserved of course... i think i'll say London, that city is the staple of human design in my opinion ^^ do you have one too bunny?
it was really wholesome yesh! i don't really know much about ninjago desu... i did always like Kai a lot, but that's mainly because of his color. i do think i have all the ninjago characters! they came in a really cool lego set (pic included)
no worries, prying is always okay ^^ my actual friends i met in primary school. we clicked and kept up with each other ever since! my best friend (who's also my crush) i met through 4chan which is super cool! we met up a bunch together and he's great. do you have any noteworthy friends bunny? i really hope so because you deserve it sm. seriously, i really hope you can find happiness soon. also, my question for you, what country would you like to move to? :)
I must remember to not look at femboy or twink twitter profiles that feature body pics. I get so desperate if I do...
How about you look over the dating apps and find someone near who you could actually date?
my best friend (who's also my crush) i met through 4chan which is super cool! we met up a bunch together
Does anyone believe this?
Anon I think lots of boys here would like to be your bf but they're just like you, scared, secluded, shackled by their mental illnesses, unable to open their hearts to someone real. That's why they only feel comfortable flirting anonymously. They'll never bridge the gap and get to you. 
That's why you need someone who lives close to you, and who is open to a real relationship. You can find these people over the dating apps
how much you get paid for this?
I do it because I love you silly gay celibates I want to save you from your worst enemy: yourself
Holy shit. I remember you. You were here like months or even a year ago.
I was really hoping you'd of killed yourself. You're an evil person. People here want relationships and you direct them towards hookups.
He's been here for three years. You should probably ignore him.
I stopped coming here for a while, has it really been that long? Jesus. You're right, I will. Just annoys the shit out of me.
People here want relationships
Only on the surface. What they really want is to self commiserate, to drown in self pity and to feel sorry for themselves, while doing nothing to change their lonely situation. 
Towards hook-ups
Dating apps are whatever you make of them. They're not only for hookups, that's up to you, not the app. They're just a tool to meet other gay people in your vicinity.
People here want relationships and you direct them towards hookups.
Let's do a thought experiment for one single moment
Let's say you're right, and dating apps are 99% hookups. Don't you think that's still better odds of finding a bf rather than in here, where the chances are 0? 
You say you want relationships and yet you do nothing to get one. How come?
best album ever fgh b vvgfwvv
stopped coming
You sure found your way back soon enough. Let me guess: still a kissless dateless virgin?
don't grow body hair worth a damn anywhere
not really attractive enough
In various kinds of logic, this is what is known as a "contradiction". *licks you*
It's strange to me though.
I think I prefer concrete over both brick and wood desu.
And the same goes for coldness and grayness too I think. But I think it's normal to not like them though, so don't worry nonny. Sadly however the weather here has been getting warmer and warmer as the years go by. That's my impression of it at least. Sometimes it can get real windy, which I find cool. And for some reason this entire month has been full of rain! So that was a pleasant surprise I guess.
As an English boy yourself, would you like having another English boy as your bf?
Well besties it happened again, I woke up and must now exist all over again
Interesting that you picked London over more romance like places such as maybe Madrid or former apennine city-states like maybe Florence for instance. What appeals to you about London specifically?
As for myself, I think prefer individual buildings over cities, but if I had to pick one, then maybe something like Shanghai or Seoul would come to mind. Hong Kong is cool too, but a tad bit to tropical for me. I also always liked the contrast of the desert terrain and the urban buildings as featured in some US cities. Most notably those two light bulbs on the coast of California. Oh and Boston is also really cool!
That is such a pretty set btw. I think all the movie sets that lego offers are exceptionally well crafted.
*sigh* I thought it would be one of those things where you went to the same class or school. Seems it's easier to make friends as a kid than an adult for many. Also, lucky you for finding a bff through 4chan; but I think it's not as uncommon as it may appear (>>73152700), all you gotta do is live in the first world and be an online type of guy I think.
I sometimes hang out with my brother and that's it. I don't know if I know how to do friendships. And I'm weird as heck. I don't know what to tell you, but I think you're giving me too much credit there. And I think you know it too :|
I'm not as picky when it comes to where I'd like to live, compared as to where I wouldn't like to. If that makes sense. I'd like living somewhere where I could easily communicate, so places like the US or Canada (bu there's a bunch of other anglophone countries out there). But it would be very appealing living somewhere "cold and grey" too, so like Finland or Norway seem nice too (and I hear that english isn't that uncommon there either).
a-are you the anon who stays up until 3 AM contemplating suicide? ;-;
Nigga just go have a date before you're 30
You wouldn't be so miserable if you had a dating life, just saying
I don't take care of myself and am ugly.
I don't take care of myself
How so? Take a shower, shave, wear a cologne, and you're ready to go. That's all you need. 
Ugly
That's only a problem if you are unwilling to date another ugly boy. 
So this is million dollar question: are you willing to date another ugly boy, your looksmatch?
cshr
more faggy than i ever imagined you'd all be.
Are you willing to date your looksmatch?
Absolutely, but I'd also date someone less attractive.
Then why exactly are you single? 
If you were really willing to settle down, you'd have a bf by now. 
When was the last time you've been to a date?
Hey, I won't say it doesn't work to my advantage as to how I want to look and feel, but there's a long way to go before I'm anything close to attractive. But I appreciate the compliment. Does your own body hair bother you, then? If it embarrasses you to have your legs seen like that, why not shave or use a cream?
There is a sort of melancholy appeal to concrete buildings, but I tend to just find them a bit bleak, personally. Each to their own, though, it would certainly be easier to live in cities if I could appreciate that sort of architecture.
I absolutely love it when it gets really windy, it's invigorating. I almost don't mind the cold that way.
I'd like to have an English bf, but that's mostly out of convenience rather than anything else. A long distance relationship sounds awful, and I wouldn't want to move permanently out of the country.
What on earth do I have to say to convince you to go out and have a date with someone irl?
/nightride/ on my hq bike after a rough day was exactly what i needed. In moments like that i feel alive. I love the city at night
I don't really believe that I could ever get a bf, so any trait of mine that I find unappealing doesn't hurt as much as it could. That said, my fur coat is probably the most yucky part of myself for me. I can't be bothered to shave it off regularly and all alternatives are too expensive for something that ultimately doesn't matter anyway.
Would it be fair to say that you like your family and stuff? You do strike me as a big hearted bloke, which is kind of endearing. You a member of the hiking club itt? What would you be looking for in your non-long-distance bf (other then that he move in with you)?
I need a shower, my hair is a mess and i stink :(
I hatrw video calls. If we need to talk that doesn't mean you should stare at me.
nope, I have a bizarre sleep schedule though
I'm just very tired of life this week, everything's been going wrong
): That sucks. Do you have some sort of way of coping with it, maybe like a comfort character or a happy place? I like to listen to sad music.
yeah it is what it is
my grandmother always said bad things happen in threes so I'm kind of waiting for the third one atm
I think I'll go for a walk now before it gets dark, and then watch LOTR or read through a LOTR artbook later, picrel 
Just want to get away from life for a while you know 
I listened to sad music last night, I think it relaxed me enough for a better sleep
yeah it's definitely a little unconventional, but i love what that city represents through its rich history. the different generations of architecture, the grandeur vs the slums, the classic and modern stuff, it's all very interesting. it's kinda hard to explain ^-^''
i definitely do agree that individual buildings are a lot cooler to rank! whats your favorite one in particular? :) Boston is beautiful! i im quite fond of American cities, unlike my classmates
i think you're right on one hand, but it is hard to remain friends with people for that long for many. i think in most cases people will move on and fall out of contact with each other sadly... i personally really like talking to people on omegle! it's a nice way to make friends and meet people so maybe you can try that! heyy maybe we'd meet, how cool would that be? :D (you could use the rags r9komegle and omegle9k if you ever wanna check it out, pretty friendly people there ^^) 
you're giving me too much credit
idc honestly, i like talking to you so screw it. we're all on 4chan here so there's something wrong with everyone
makes sense, yesh! i've heard nordic countries have a pretty high quality of life though they're too socialist for me :p
you better believe it hue, RUDEEEEEE :3
I don't really believe that I could ever get a bf, so any trait of mine that I find unappealing doesn't hurt as much as it could.
Ahh, now that's a familiar feeling. I'm sorry you're uncomfortable with yourself like that, anon, but I'd still recommend you treat yourself and shave if you think it would make you happier. It's really only the first time shaving after not doing it in months that takes forever. Even if you've nobody to do it for but yourself, it does all matter, right?
You do strike me as a big hearted bloke
Aw, that's kind of you, anon. But honestly I'm just trying a little harder to be decent than usual. You strike me as someone who comes across his light naturally.
A hiking club? I didn't realise we had one of those. Maybe I'm around at the wrong hours.
As for what I'm looking for in a bf, I don't know, it's not something I give too much thought to. I just want someone who will be patient with my kind of slow self and likes me enough to drag me out of the house once in a while, desu. What about you, anon, what is your hypothetical bf like?
Well I hope that it stops at two, seeing as that is already way too much. And if it really must go for another one, then I hope it's something trivial enough for you, like your spoon handle falling into the soup.
I wish you a pleasant walk and watch/read anon! Maybe you could play some LOTR inspired vidya to completely shut off the world?
Also, comfy looking blanket you got there. And cute fingies too :3 *lick* *lick*
I think I get the idea, or at least a bit of it. It's an old and giant city, that happened to interact with many parts of the world, so it's design espouses some kind of global zeitgeist documenting a good portion of humanities existence.
Glad to hear that you like Boston too! I like atmosphere of the New England region a lot, it might even be my favorite part of the US.
Your comments on friendship do ring true I think, loosing touch with your friends upon going to college has to be one of the most common things I've heard online :c
As for omegle... I don't really like showing my face (or any other body part) at all. And therefore don't even have devices capable of that. Interesting to hear that you use it. But on further consideration it seems to be absolutely in-line for your character. What better way to meet, almost as viscerally as in person, all the different specimens of gods creation and make new friends than randomly linking up through a portal from the comfort of your room.
idc honestly
You were not supposed to say that... I don't have anything to say in response to it D: Other than to remind you of that time when I mentioned cutting you up and ejaculating on the bare soles of your dismembered feed, that is :3
they're too socialist for me
By this you mean the evil authoritarianism of it, right? Because don't tell me that you dislike Norway's government pension fund ._.
I think I might be dying currently.
When I was still in high school I used to do it for a bit. But it's waaaay to exhausting for lazy me, especially if you factor in my current mental health.
comes across his light naturally
Huh, what does that mean? If it's a compliment then thank you lot's ofc!
Maybe the demographic changed in the mean time, but I swear it was once so common for anons to list hiking as something that they (would want to) do.
who will be patient with my kind of slow self
This is endearing too, but in a sad kind of way... And funnily enough it's a quality that my fbf should also happen to have if he wants to deal with me. Other than that it would be cool if he isn't weirded out by me, and that he likes something at least related to the things which I do, because my whole identity revolves around them desu.
Dextromethorphan. You can thank me later B)
meth orphan
the jews arent even hiding it anymore. dont take any medication prescribed by "doctors". look up homeopathic solutions, they work much better.
yepp, that's exactly it! it's kinda like a time capsule. Boston is underrated, and it was also in fallout 4 so thats pretty cool :3
i could definitely understand omegle being pretty scary... no problem, to each his own fren. haha i love your anology, and yes it really is like a portal! even though it's really scary i like meeting new people. 
ahh well, thats in the past and even though i was pretty upset by it at the time, im always willing to forgive and give new chances. it's no biggie :3 
too socialist
oh i was just making a joke, i like most welfare policies
i'll probably end up falling asleep so i'll see you tomorrow bunbun ^-^
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD EVENING R9GAYNGSTERS
I am sorry my fellow anons I forgot to post my good morning post when I woke up eariler today. Please forgive me. I try my best. 
https://youtu.be/kTG6I3jxdnc [Embed]
I'm not gay but I love Twin Fantasy so I'm posting in this thread
Yeah, I'm too lazy a lot of the time too, but it's something you tend to feel better about once it's done. I get not being able to bring yourself to do these things because of mental health though, that's rough.
I just think you seem like someone who is naturally cheerful and talkative, and I kind of envy that. If I didn't force myself to talk to people, even here, I probably very rarely would, and it's not something I'm particularly good at.
Hiking does sound like it would be fun, certainly a more enjoyable way to get exercise than doing it at home. But then, you weren't much of the outdoorsy type, right? I think I remember you saying something to that effect.
in a sad kind of way
Well, it is what it is. It's not like I'm dumb or have nothing to offer anyone, but being very much not quick on my feet in social situations is not great. The last thing anyone wants out of a partner is to be made to feel inadequate, or weird, or anything like that. What are these things which you do, anon? You've probably gone over them plenty of times but I don't tend to read other people's long form conversations.
I totally forgot to answer your building question! I cannot pick just one that I like, but I can give you an idea of the kinds of structures that I fancy. It ranges from the Curtis lecture halls of York University, the Habitat 67 in Montreal, to the Cubic houses in Rotterdam and the Villa Savoye in Poissy.
I've never played the fallout series, it always looked too "empty" for me. But the newer ones do have a bunch of immersive mechanics in them, and apparently feature Boston. Might not be as bad as I thought.
even though it's really scary i like meeting new people
You're way too innocent and good-natured anon. It makes me think all kinds of bad thoughts. Like you know how a bully might take delight in destroying someone's neatly stacked card house? It's that sort of thing... How ticklish are you btw?
even though i was pretty upset by it at the time
That's a win in my book! :D ...s-sorry, and sadly there will probably be more of those :C
i was just making a joke
That makes more sense. Sorry for it whooshing over my head. As mentioned to that other anon, I am rather slow.
I was about to mention it. Night night anon &lt;3
I used to dread the end of the week because that's the time I would shower and shave usually. It's just not worth the effort for me, I'd rather spend time on other stuff.
Hmm, I guess I am talkative in the right circumstances, but I'm not really cheerful that much, at least once you get to know me. I do wish though that anons talked more here, it's a neat way to pass time.
I certainly am the complete antithesis of the outdoorsy type. I personally don't like hiking, but some other anons made it known that they are.
Hmm I am very incompetent when it comes to social stuff, but I happen to have just the right amount of psychopathy to somehow offset that. I was talking more about how much of a dummy I am! And I'm very forgetful and lazy. So all of that makes for a rather under-average cognition process for me. But one of my kinks is being reminded of how dumb I am, so I guess there's a silver lining to it desu
Do you like staying up late? I do :3
Haven't taken my anti psychotics 2 days in a row.
How are you all doing today?
But anon Y? What if it gets even worse than before...
I honestly forgot because of me being sick.
I bought some conditioner yesterday and it makes my hair look pretty nice. 
Done anything cool recently?
No, nothing at all in fact...
But you are taking medication for your throat and stuff, right?
I'm trying my inhaler but it doesn't seem to be working effectively.
i'm proud of you for taking it, even if you missed a couple days. like sincerely proud. take care of yourself, okay?
Just the inhaler? Why don't you try some cough syrups, there's plenty of plant based ones, and nearly all are over-the-counter.
Btw, you a NEET nony?
Thank you Anon. Means a lot to me.
I have a small mustache shadow and it's pissing me off.
I'm too lazy. Maybe I'll try buying some today.
I'm 18 and in final year of hs. Not sure what I wanna do with my life but probably not neeting.
Oh that's right, I forgot about that. I hope school isn't too stressful nony, do you have any friends to hang out with?
No LOL 
why do you think I browse here
I made waffles but have no bf to share them with
the world is missing out
Sorry. I just thought maybe you have some people who tolerate you being around them, and with whom you can complain about school or something. I had those kinds of people in HS, but I'm an even bigger weirdo than you!
Shame about your mustache. I always get shadow, no matter how I shave. Is there some trick to it?
I'm thinking of just letting it grow slightly so I can rip them all off with my tweezer. 
Do you like legos at all?
I used to play with them when I was smaller. Not anymore that big a fan of them, but I still think that they're pretty neat. Do you have a favorite ninja? As you know mine is Jay.
I like the black one. Cole was his name right?
I always mainly liked star wars. Lego star wars is so expensive nowadays because of neckbeards and everything is inflated to shit. 
I wanted to buy a satchel but I have no idea where to find one. Any suggestions Mr. Bunny? Do you know anything about fashion?
I see you now have an annoying avatarfag now
well, at least apostle left
at least I could filter apostle
i have been flossing as a hobby now
He is indeed called Cole. So you fan of strong but silent guys?
Any suggestions
Uhm, maybe Etsy or something? You could check /fa/ too. They even have a (non-HTTP) wiki containing all the fancy and over-expensive fashion stores!
Do you know anything about fashion?
No, not really...
d-don't you have a bf? Why isn't he taking care of you?!
Yes
I will check. 
No
lmao holy shit you're such an obnoxious prancing retard 90% of the time but look at you when you're called out for what I'm guessing is your tenth failed e-relationship
no surprise when you haven't even graduated highschool though
Walk like a man.
Sucks how no one will be there when you need it the most, it's true that you can only count on yourself after all.
How long does it take you to tweeze your mustache? Doesn't it hurt a bit?
Apparently it doesn't work well. Maybe maybe would work? If not laser then. 
I've trained myself to love myself and be strong mentally always.
This is a bit of a toxic way to look at things. It's the nature of self and other. Obviously only you will always be there for yourself. You're an individual.
r9gay I know alot of you guys dont like talking about relationships.
But I just got dumped by my twink ebf. My heart is in pieces right now.
Im a top. And he is a bottom. He said I was too posessive and clingy in a bad way. He didnt like how I was horny and would sext him sometimes.
I think I saw you here a while ago. All that goes well ends well.
ahh it fucking burns
Too bad it hasn't upset you enough for you to kill yourself
sichuan spicy hotpot?
no, i'm having bad shits
The absolute state of dad defense squad
you only lose by talking. going to shut myself up forever.
touche
stop larping please
whenever I put on my lighter hoodie it ends up being a colder than usual night so I have to take it off and find something heavier
its a pain in the ass
i love layering
listening to the smiths
i blame you fags for it
someone posting charming man as /r9gay/core
old times were nicer, these were kino.
finally done, pastebin wouldnt let me post this because of their filter, im assuming its the nigger word that tripped it up 
unless youre the anon im responding to nobody is interested in your spectacular commentary on this post
pastebin link
https://paste dot ee/p/dX0cS
archive links
archive ph
https://archive dot ph/EGQC2
perma dot cc
https://perma dot cc/276K-C6NN
archive dot org
https://web.archive dot org/web/20230501002259/https://paste dot ee/p/dX0cS#
index copy
How the fuck else am I supposed to meet people
any other way is better
movie platitudes
no comment, really
Thinking about how the first time that Computerphile did an episode on Linux they couldn't install it from the first try. Kinda rude desu
Also I just cannot live with myself if I don't correct this. In >>73156092 I meant to say "HTTPS", but my dumb &amp; lazy ass never proofreads, does it now? I once in school said "ARAPNET" instead of "ARPANET", still remember that to this day... Even while writing this post I had to look it up several times!
Maybe I really do need someone to hold me accountable, otherwise I just become a slug basically. But being a slug feels sooo good though! I wish that anon still liked me, but of course I had to ruin my only chance of becoming somewhat productive. Probably because I deep down wish to remain incompetent, despite all the consequences that that will bring. I need help, but I seemingly don't want any.
Does this mean that your vichan project/idea is now abandoned anon?
Does this mean that your vichan project/idea is now abandoned anon?
nah i said i was thinking about it, im bad at db management and dont really want the hassle because if it isnt obvious posterity is important to me and i dont want to make a commitment to something i dont know if ill care to learn how to maintain. i should maybe at least look into what it runs on though. i would do a lot with something like that
Remember no matter how fat, skinny, muscular, you are all bodies are beautiful
You know best I guess! I find the idea really interesting in a novelty sort-of way. So I don't really wanna discourage it, but I can't help but question the practicality of it compared to, idk, using an instant messenger app, or maybe in the most extreme case making something like a neocities site for your chats. Why besides the basedness would you get from going through with it?
Not even a single day goes by without me passing gas. Barely human at this point.
It's really black pilling when even those who love you give up on you.
I find the idea really interesting in a novelty sort-of way. 
you know what else is a novel idea you might enjoy? self hosting a booru to track all of your images across computers and phones, and since mobile devices have booru viewing apps you can easily use it on any device
and then finally, running your own mediawiki instance to collect and catalog all of the knowledge you gain even personal notes/ having pages for people you know. using it as an extension of your brain
So I don't really wanna discourage it, but I can't help but question the practicality of it compared to, idk, using an instant messenger app
i use telegram and i guess i have discord. but i dont enjoy the instant messenger experience in any sense. conversations are short and shallow by default. imagine never having to give a fuck about ""left on read"" not just you being left on read but worrying about opening messages becoming a commitment. i think part of the answer to your question is im too zoomer to use email
or maybe in the most extreme case making something like a neocities site for your chats. Why besides the basedness would you get from going through with it?
i like the potential for long term conversations. imagine if you had a board with your friend, and you had a new thread per topic. you could get a new bump on a topic from months ago and the conversation is reignited. you have the best of every world including image dumps to go with it. interlink threads, reference other conversations with a link and a greentext, every single aspect is infinitely more convenient, image boards are supremely intuitive 
i would even force my sister to use it desu
Wow, when you put it that way it does sound pretty epic. Imagine being your bf and getting to hear your amazing ideas the entire day! Hope you're satisfied with whatever comes out of this in the end.
I'm now wondering what happened to the sodium lamps anon?
tfw can't sleep until morning for third night in the row
I lost all hope i don't know what keeps me going still. Whatever it is i doubt it can last much longer, i would need a miracle to make life worth living
grab a book.
use the time for something.
tfw no bf to wash my brain
why does it need washing anon
It dirty
I slept all day practically
feelin good 
https://youtu.be/aZx0vVS2qOI [Embed]
nah, just put good things in instead
brain is self cleaning
you know how you can have a hot bath and it relaxes all your muscles and gets rid of the tension
I wish you could do the same with the brain
just leave it in a sink of hot bubbly water for a while and have all the stress relax out of it
Bad stuff must go out first. My brain doesn't do that on it's own.
When I get really upset with my thoughts I get such a strong urge to just break a portion of the skull away and let the brain flow out, reliving all the pressure from it.
he has a German accent
So much sexo. The most sexo out of all the accents in the world.
Jeez tough crowd 
Sorry for the accent comment
I didn't mean to kill the thread 
Sorry folks
What's your obsession with this nazi shit.
You don't see me idolizing mexican cartel bosses Lol.
what a coincidence i live in the north west of england haha
Liking the German accent is not Nazi shit anon however there is a sort of cool homoerotic esotericness to the Nazis which the cartels do not have because they are just a bunch of non aesthetic thugs.
Pure Sexo Anon
its ok
I have a german friend and think his accent is super cute
he turns most of his Rs into Ws so if he says "man thats rough" it turns into "man thats wuff"
I wanna marry Griffith so badly. 
Good night.
Good Night 
t. Griffith hater
heyy good morning! i should have expected it, br*talism, yucky! no it's fine ofc, everyone has their own taste. you probably guessed but i love the traditional styles of architecture the most. classic, neo-classical, victorian, gothic, all that stuff ^^ it's kinda funny how one's politics influences taste, or is it the other way around? im not sure, either way, you're free to like what you like :)
It makes me think all kinds of bad thoughts
w~ what kind of bad thoughts anon >^^&lt;
im extremely ticklish, if someone as much as exhales near me i do that little head tilt thingy. and yesh i don't think there's any place on my body where im not ticklish aaaa
hope you have a great day today bunny! are you gonna do anything fun? :)
s-sorry, and sadly there will probably be more of those :C
it's fine anony, im not gonna hate you dw! am i not asked to forgive and turn the other cheek? it's one of the life rules i really take to heart and it's an amazing way to keep being happy and not turn into a vindictive person ^^
I've completely fucked my sleep schedule up again. I stayed up until 5am yesterday, then slept until 1pm. around 4pm I got tired so I took a nap and slept until 9, now it's coming on morning again and I'm not tired.
I needed mom to keep me somewhat regulated and now that she's gone I don't think I can manage.
tfw no niceposter bf
I be a bit bipolar sometimes. Very evil or very nice.
what's a niceposter anon?
Where do the right wing/fascist femboys hang out
fine i will admit it
i am a creep 
I have a feeling that if had a attractive male house mate I would smell his clothes and watch him sleep and such.
femboys
sorry but /tttt/ is 6 boards over.
Theres at least 2 itt. that dutch lego boy and ventiposter
he's actually just an emotional twink
Figures
ventiposter is literally a mexican giant
Normally I'm a bottom but there's something about femboys that brings out my inner top. I feel the need to breed them hard and deep.
Anony, don't forget to brush your teeth...
I refuse unless i can get a kiss
I refuse unless i can get a kiss
Deal
I think it's shower time since I'm sure it's been over a week. Without mom I even lose track of days.
I have 50e i need to spend. Should i spend it all on game or should i buy one game and spend the rest on cheap, yet stylish, tees or cloths?
Please help i can't decide
spend it on a game
well I'm no economist however why not just pirate?
Clothing is gonna last you longer and is a necessity so you should go with clothing
I can't pirate the one or two i'm considering. I tried it doesn't work. I could only buy one and it's just 10e. Thoughts? I need one at least i think
Fine i guess ill brush after this candy
I just brushed
teeth are still fucked up
i was lied too
Are you British? No kiss for you
Well ethnically yes but no anon I am just poor. Never been to a dentist in my life desu
Look I'm getting those invisible brace things for my teeth please just forgive me for being British
2011
this year was the official beginning of the end for me
no wait... that was the prelude year, the final good year
not a 2012 joke btw
I have run out of clean clothes now, someone hound me to do laundry when I get up.
feelio when your distraction gets abruptly pulled away from you making you come face to face with the fact you wasted 10 hours and your entire life
tfw so depressed you forget which thread number it is
Early 2010s were best years of my life too. I wanted to "relive" them by remembering all the good parts. 2011 i first got into martial arts. Mostly watching but also attempting the moves myself in my living room lol
I beat the shit out of my couch, poor thing
Aight, what about the other one then?
i'm retarded and don't know how to open any of that ._.
2011 was especially nice because it was my crossroads year. maybe someday ill actually start walking down one of the paths... not on this fine morning, though, i will only be stumbling into the sheets
I have no memory of years past because they've been all same for the last 16 years.
tfw junior year of high school was in 2011
realized I was gay but was too chickenshit to tell the guy I liked
hid my feelings inward and just became quieter
this thread awakened this feelings again
this is fine
A guy in my highschool class always used to touch my face. I had a puberty beard and he always wanted to stroke the hair. I thought he was just messing with me at the time but now with hindsight I wonder if that was a weird way of flirting when neither of us fully knew we were gay.
I've always had long hair, except in freshman year and senior years when I got pressured into shaving it. It's this sort of loose coils wavy, so people like to touch it a lot. 
eastern euro refugee guy keeps calling my hair "pretty" 
wants to braid it a lot 
let him because shy autist who doesn't know how to say "no" properly and he was more popular than me
learn 2yrs later that he was calling me faggot and bitch in Bulgarian when I thought it was just a nickname for me. 
He was hot, but looking back, it was abusive.
This ugly fucking burn on my arm is only just starting to heal after an entire week
I hate being clumsy
tfw no bf to make fun of your clumsiness
anon i will be there for you
anon i care about you
anon you can count on me
Why motivates others to lie like this to strangers online? It's never true, no one is there for you whenever you need them. Everyone says they are clingy but then they abandon you. Tired of constantly putting more effort than them. False hope is worse than being hopeless
people just want to believe they're better than they are desu
peeling apples and oranges with giant gorilla hands and overgrown razor blade nails
i bet i could do a potato if i really tried
*yawn* Hello again anon, sorry for my late reply, but I'm a really sleepy ( he means lazy) boy you know? I just can't resist an extra hour or so in bed. Do you use jammies? How do they look like?
Hey! Not everything in that last was brutalism per se. I like all kinds of other styles too. For instance, pic rel is very neat I think. And yes, I do remember your taste for tasteless buildings, but as you say, you're free to like what you like! I guess...
funny how one's politics influences taste, or is it the other way around? Does art imitate reality, or does reality imitate art??? hint: It's the latter one :3
what kind of bad thoughts
Now initially I didn't want to divulge too much in an effort to not upset you again, but now I'm thinking that it might be cathartic to express all the fantasies that went through my head. It might also make them less appealing if I don't keep them for myself, something like desensitization maybe. Various forms of inflicting you bodily harm, such as spanking or caning your butt, whipping your back, amputating your limbs, pulling out your teeth, etc. Making you do all kinds of degrading acts, applying piercings and tattoos to you, and humiliating you in front of other people. Dehumanizing you and treating you like a slave. Leaving you restrained for days on end. Breaking your resolve and mind with a combination of sex and drugs.
And also once fully brainwashed, showing your family what a pervert you've become. Especially your brother, whom I would also like to see you have intercourse with. And probably ending your life with a snuff film in which your convulsions milk someone's pp dry.
Basically all the typical stuff featured in those kinky doujins. I guess the end goal of all of this would be to make you into a masochistic slutty freak (just like me :D)
Sorry if I crossed the line there at some points, but I can't bring myself to lie to you. All of that is of course pure wishful thinking, and although it might make for a memorable instance of self-pleasuring, it just couldn't compete with how ecstatic my heart would be knowing that you achieved joy and happiness doing whatever it is that you like doing. And I don't think that would involve any of the previously mentioned things desu
are you gonna do anything fun?
None of them are that cool, but I did have two (2) thingies planned for today. Both are, as always, computer related. Kinda looking forward to the second one. What about you? Do you have to go to uni all the time, or can you take a few breaks?
I think I'm very opposite than you on the whole cheek thing. Does that mean I (or anyone for that matter) can get away with doing mean stuff to you as long as it's follow by a "I am sorry"?
And you know, I was thinking and, it technically wouldn't be all that naughty or sinful to, let's say... make you pass out from tickle torture, would it now?
And also once fully brainwashed, showing your family what a pervert you've become. Especially your brother, whom I would also like to see you have intercourse with. And probably ending your life with a snuff film in which your convulsions milk someone's pp dry.
And also once fully brainwashed, showing your family what a pervert you've become. Especially your brother, whom I would also like to see you have intercourse with. And probably ending your life with a snuff film in which your convulsions milk someone's pp dry.
anon what?
'tis a "character flaw" of mine desu
Oh my heart it breaks every step that I take
But I'm hoping that the gates, they'll tell me that you're mine
hello gays
the year is 2023
still no fudanshi bf
replace the word "DOT" with ".'
here:
https://paste (dot) ee/p/dX0cS
https://paste .ee/p/dX0cS 
remove the space thats between paste and .ee 
im sorry
Team Fortress 2 lobbies
I've heard that people replace "."s or "@"s in email, or other correspondence used links to prevent them from being found by spam bots and similar. But what is the purpose here? What could an annoying/malicious actor do with these links, for instance? Is it just for privacy's sake?
#2011
Anon, I think you may have skipped a few numbers
We at an all time low tonight gang  by we i mean me, i just used we as it makes me feel like i'm a part of something bigger u kno? 
Not even going to bother shaving. Showering was too much work
Yeah, I'm feelin' even less proud of myself tonight than usually. What's buggin' you anon?
Nevermind, I was using the rei threads as reference, I just find it really weird that this general has been on this board for this much time
I honestly think there's a shared consciousness or something sometimes
It seems that when I'm really low lots of other people are too
I bet it's the globalists fucking about with the hadron collider for fun 
haha let's move new zealand further south again and give another 100k people depression
Wow, when you put it that way it does sound pretty epic. 
it would be the best. actually kind of makes me want to go out of my way to do what i can to make vichan more convenient for personal instances. although im too retarded but it would be cool
Imagine being your bf and getting to hear your amazing ideas the entire day! 
nobody likes my ideas ;(( probably cause i never really do them so people dont really get the opportunity to
some links you dont have to edit, some you do. i think the system has safe links that arent used to do spam like youtube or maybe news outlets, wikipedia; but everything else gets marked as spam. i think it probably is down to actual spam reduction and raids (like how you cant link discord shit) and potential scams
I honestly think there's a shared consciousness
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collective_unconscious
literally not the same thing but how can i not link it i am obsessed with the collective unconscious though 
Don't feel like talking about it. No amount of words can make me feel better. Nothing can distract me. Not tonight. Short answer is i'm on a downward spiral and we(i) increasing speed with each passing day.
Nothing can distract me
I know something that can distract you alright. Something you've been running away from your whole life. 
Just go use the apps and have a date. Go kiss a guy
Lana fag
And you still think you don't have much in common with other normie gays? Come on now
Anon, let's be honest, did you really believe that an anonymous stranger who you've never met before in life would be there for you? 
It's your fault for falling for shit like this, and the worst part is, you keep doing it. You keep coming here trying to find a boyfriend in this dumpster. 
Help yourself, bro. Your efforts are being completely wasted in a place like this. Put them to better use. Put your efforts into real guys in your city. And then you may find a bf
it's finee! i hope you slept well bunny! did you have good dreams? :)
trueee, picrel is pretty cool! 
computer related things
sounds fun! if you'd like to share what those two things are i'd love to hear it! i actually have a break from uni now! my parents also returned from their little vacation trip, so im very glad they're back (i missed them a lot). im actually playing a lot of minecraft these days, im working on our house and terraforming the area! do you like minecraft too bunbun, or just tommyinnit playing it? :)
forgiveness
well... of course it's not good to let people walk all over me and it's important to have a healthy balance between them (though thats really hard for me to find, i let the former happen too much). say if someone keeps abusing me i don't have to keep hanging around them, but i would definitely like to forgive them no matter what, so feel free to test the limits of that :3
bad thoughts
omg... well i appreciate you feeling brave enough to share, and since i know you're not *actually* gonna cause me harm im okay with it. i guess have fun doing whatever you do with these thoughts :3 but know that my resolve will never break!
thank you for telling the truth as well, and im very thankful that you still wish me well! i do hope we both find happiness one day :) 
ugghhhh... need a bf who'll tickle torture me until i pass out, please >&lt;
He was a Lana boy and he was a Abel boy.
There are other imageboard program thingies out there besides vichan. Maybe just look through some of the other ones instead?
Ooooooh so it's a 4chan thing! I had no idea that they don't like links. I get why tho.
nobody likes my ideas ;((
You're just making stuff up now nonny. I'm sure many people find your ideas quite intriguing. Take me for instance! Do you have any other ones to share? I'd gladly listen desu
Also, does your sister know that ur infected with the gae? Does she help you get guys n' stuff?
This is very weird to ask, sorry.
Your mileage might vary, but the knowledge of being able to suicide at any point dampens the sting a bit for me.
right wing/fascist
Gay 
The self hatred is strong with this one. This is why you're alone
if you dont believe what i believe youre self hating
hue listens to cringy, yet good music
*shocked face*
if you believe in ideologies that directly oppose your sexuality and your freedom to be gay, you hate being one
If you're gay and hate gays, you hate yourself by association 
This is why you don't have friends or a bf
You don't have to believe in anything, but you choose to believe in ideas that are, to say the least, in opposition to your non traditional sexuality. 
Which is hardly what any self accepting gay would do. That plus the fact that you're a lonely celibate... Come on anon, who are you trying to fool here?
You hate yourself so much you can't get a bf
Same for me but i'm at a point where it may be a matter of months or days, so i'm also scared.
You have so much in common with other gays. You're not that special or different. And I think that bothers you. You try so hard to be a pick me fag "I'm not like all the other gays" but you're more like them than you think
Is Lana good? I haven't listened to any of her stuff any recommendations?
Why don't you try the apps and have a date and kiss a guy for a change? When are you gonna do that? 
You can't just hide in your room forever, that's dumb. You'll regret it
This nigga delusional I'm just trying to listen to some good new music goddamn Lol.
You're a tranny on antipsychotics with cringe long hair, we can all agree that the apps are a better place without you. 
Feel free to exclude yourself from any dating advice. It's not for you. Stay away from guys and just rot alone in your room instead. You're a natural at that
Shit brazilians probably can't even grow good hair.
They say that the world was built for two
Only worth living if somebody is loving you~
There are other imageboard program thingies out there besides vichan. Maybe just look through some of the other ones instead?
yeah their are and actually that one was the one i saw where i thought about doing this initially, i dont remember the name of it but its the one software thats federated and was gaining traction over vichan until just now with sharty
Ooooooh so it's a 4chan thing! I had no idea that they don't like links. I get why tho.
yeah, try pasting in certain links and posting them, a lot they dont accept
You're just making stuff up now nonny. I'm sure many people find your ideas quite intriguing. 
well i guess people think theyre interesting but its hard for anyone to really appreciate them since its difficult/impossible to get people to see any vision of any kind
Take me for instance! Do you have any other ones to share? I'd gladly listen desu
i have one other idea. well i could tell you about 2 but the other is out of the wheelhouse of a gay thread. but just a few days ago i was told that the nigger thats coding neuro chan or whatever, that AI vtuber, that guy plans on open sourcing the code. this is interesting because if you can run the code yourself for free you can run the code for people to pay as a service
for example the software that runs Wikipedia is called MediaWiki, and its not that hard to set up BUT their are services where you can pay them to set up your mediawiki instance and maintain it like https://www.mywikis.com/ you pay them to run the software for you. (heres a full list https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Hosting_services)
you could take the source code of the AI vtuber and allow individual people to pay you to run it for them in an automated way so they sign up and generate their new AI GF and then pay you on a monthly or yearly subscription to have access to it 
then you pay to advertise it on /vt/ and get a line of customers
out of characters;
cont.
I already started being a bit disgusted with what I all wrote to you there, and had honestly thought that you were gone for good... Seems like I'll never learn my lesson :3
I very, very frequently have rather unpleasant dreams. This night it wasn't as bad but still kinda bad. I just don't get why I dream about stuff that I don't consciously think about... But like a day or two ago, I actually had a really interesting dream involving two bunnies! (might have been my first one involving them, believe it or not) I somehow lost them in a shopping mall and was on a quest to find them. And I eventually did! But there was one part of the dream that bothered me a bit. So at one point the two rabbits were about to fall into some kind of vent. Not sure if you know those, but it was pretty much like one of those little elevators for food that they have in hotels. Just this one seemed to not have any bottom or platform in it. And once I saw the buns try to enter it I grabbed them, a bit too forcefully, and pulled them back. So I kind of regret how strongly I pulled on them, and that I didn't really ask for their consent either... Also, I usually have an anthology of dreams during one night. What about you? Do you recall some epic dreams you had?
I don't like telling too many details about my hobby related stuff, but I'll share a bit. I will change a program for another one - that is the first thingy. And the second thingy is that I'll make (or at least try to make) a few programs for... Minecraft! Just messing a bit with some mods and stuff. I personally don't play it but my brother does. I do like the game a bunch, it's filled with stuff to do and is very cute and wholesome desu.
you can use vroid studio to help them create the model theyll use. you can invest and buy assets and since so many assets are made by independent artist it would be easy to get permission to use them for your business, you could have a very big library of customizability. then you could paywall some shit. since a community of people would spring up who would desire various things they see on other peoples models. certain assets would gain popularity 
information for running a server and datacenter stuff to reduce costs could be easily freely obtained by talking to josh moon, SJW of baest, or P. all of those people are easy to befriend and would give you a lot of information on hosting and datacenter stuff. and sjw has friends in open source like lanodan https://hacktivis.me/ thats his site. you could get info from him
if you went through the effort of making an app i belive you could offload a lot of the work onto the users phone since that would be running the model and you would cut a lot of costs and become infinitely more accessible to normalniggers and kids
storing multiple models per user would cost money if they could store an infinite amount. so you could paywall having more than 10 models or something
it could be cool. but im too lazy and not willing to rip people off by giving them e-gfs. wont aid in making men more miserable by enabling it although it would be better than them paying actual women for OF or being paypigs in general
You said there "our" house, is that a world that you play together with your crush on? And did you ever explore the deep dark? I find it to be a bit too scary for minecraft's target audience imo. Ever found an axolotl? Adorable creatures to me. But I couldn't keep them in a bucket or pond, they must be free to swim around wherever they want! I also like sheep a lot too. Idk if I ever asked you this before, but what's your skin ingame? I'm expecting one of those typical gamer girl ones: bright colors, headphones, hoodie, you know.
feel free to test the limits of that :3
but know that my resolve will never break!
Not as innocent as I thought huh? Maybe there's a side of you that you haven't yet discovered anon >:3
have fun doing whatever you do with these thoughts :3
Believe it or not, I haven't done it a single time yet with you in mind. To me it's more fun being on the receiving end of such things... but you seem to be an exception...
And yes I very much could never inflict something on you that couldn't heal, and I find it weird doing things without someone's consent.... buuut with all that said, I wouldn't bat an eye before going through with the tickle thing, whether you liked it or not UwU
w-what about the pajama question? sorry if that's too inappropriate
Nigga if you used the apps today and put some cringe lana lyrics in your profile I bet you could find another cringe gaylord to go on a date with you. 
Why don't you do that?
Long hair on males is unattractive. 
Of course the dateless kissless virgin would be clueless about that.
This is so cringe it hurts to read. What years of loneliness do to a motherfucker. 
These anonymous snippets of affection are no substitute for an actual dating life, so please anon go give your attention to someone new who lives near you
Please don't use racist phrases outside of >>>/b/ as that violates global rule #3. And remember, trolling is also prohibited outside of that board.
Thank you!
wow two rules that have never been enforced
Seriously why do you never try real life dating? What's up with that? What are you so scared of?
I'm still buthurt over being banned for 1 day over avatarfagging in 1 thread while faggots all over this board do it on the daily and get away with it.
Go to a date before you turn 30 and become the next storyanon
trying really hard and failing even harder
Good bye r9gay. 
Been here for a while, mostly lurking. Had a few flings and ngl gay sex is probably the most pleasurable sex you can have. It's literally all about pleasure. I'm going to miss getting railed. 
But I've decided that this life just isn't for me. Maybe back when I was desperate and horny and very submissive, but not anymore. I want to start my own family. With my own seed, which I can't do if I'm having some other guys seed lodged up my ass. I'm insanely tempted to have just one more go, but I think we all know it never stops when you promise yourself "just one more"
It's been real. Not sure if I'll ever make it out in the regular world or with women period. I might just die alone, most women will probably reject me the instant they hear I was brave enough to even explore my sexuality a little. Whatever. I just know in my heart that this can't go on. This isn't a long term plan.
I said it once, and I'mma say it again: "Obi Trice, real name no gimmicks"
But anon, isn't being alone in your room the hardest failure on its own? 
I know your reasoning. "at least I didn't try". 
But that's such a shitty reasoning. You won't fail hard because trying will change you. It will change your life upside down. Even if you "fail " to get a bf, the experiences you will get along the way will be cathartic on their own, they'll change the way you see the dating world, for the better. 
Besides, you're guaranteed to find a bf if you try hard. There's no such thing as a failure, there's only the need for new attempts. You'll get it right eventually. You need hope. That's why this place is so bad for you. 
It's all about draining every bit of hope that you may have
It's literally all about pleasure
Not really. It's about love too, when you open your heart to it. 
Bye bye, see you next week
nngg well it is a little disgusting frankly, but im still okay with it and will never just *poof* leave
im glad you could save the bunny! seems like an interesting dream :)
i don't think i can share most of my dreams desu... they're very personal and often involve friends and family. i do actually keep my most interesting dreams in a little journal, it's quite full now! i do actually almost always remember my dreams, and i can also lucid dream! apparently this is quite uncommon too, but i can always control my actions in my dreams. is that something you can do too? 
wowie you make mincraft mods! i don't wanna pry too much but i'd love to see/hear some stuff about the mods you make !
server
yesh! i am playing on it with him! he's also the best friend i met through 4chan i mentioned ealier btw, im not sure if i told you! i've not been to the deep dark yet, i don't like the scary stuff... i think i found an axolotl once i an old world, i put him in the coral river pretty sure. are you able to kill animals in mc anon? i can never do it, it hurtsss... so i always have a vegan diet
skin
i actually haven't fully committed to a skin yet... if you have any suggestions i'd love to hear it! im currently wearing an Obi Wan one, it kinda sucks ;-;
Not as innocent as I thought huh? Maybe there's a side of you that you haven't yet discovered anon >:3
well i've never really allowed myself to think about that kinda stuff so maybe you're half-right. but i think im very vanilla anony, i love lovey-dovey stuff like cuddling and kissing, is that innocent enough for you? :3
haven't done it a single time yet with you in mind
ah well thats very good, keep yourself pure bunbun! do you have an idea why im kinda an exception to the informal 'receiving end' rule?
ohh sorry i forgot the answer the PJ question! yes i do wear them, a lot actually! they're predominantly gray with little blue and white stripes, i'll see if i can take a picture of them tomorrow!
Why autists interacting like this feel so artificial forced and contrived?
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND
I slept all day :DDDD
https://youtu.be/k1-TrAvp_xs [Embed]
look it's the chud virgin 
Maybe go to a date before you turn 30?
whoa... i literally just woke up too
3:54pm
I'm thinking about joining the gym. Anyone here work out? I'm tired of being a skelly lanklet
Do any of you guys have long distance boyfriends? I've thought about being in a relationship with a cute guy that I've been speaking to for the past couple of months, but I'm worried about us ending up needy if we get into one.
I've thought about getting into an emotional ambush that will only end badly 
It's like you're allergic to the idea of dating someone who you can actually meet irl
cute guy that I've been speaking to for the past couple of months
how much you wanna bet he doesn't know his face and real name, lmao
I went with a personal trainer instead of going to a regular gym. I need guidance and direction when it comes to weight lifting.
what happened to /r9gay/? where did everyone go?
We've met in person before through a mutual friend of ours during a concert.
Are you a rich or something? How did it go? I'd love to have a personal trainer but I couldn't afford one.
We've met in person before
And yet you're incapable of repeating this deed with someone who lives near you?
I work a part-time wagie job and the cost for a 10 sessions is over a week's worth of pay for me.
maybe go on a date before you're 30
No. I am like ive said many times before a STONE COLD and when I say STONE COLD I mean STONE COLD incel. No I will NOT have sex.
So are you still doing it? Do you like it? Getting good results? Is he handsome?
1/4 of salary goes to personal trainer
I don't think that's very wise but if it's working for you, great
I wanted to attach this song and I forgot too!!!!
https://youtu.be/ylAF0WNvLx0 [Embed]
Who said anything about sex? I was thinking more about hugging a boy or feeling any type of affection, something you've never had before. 
He takes proud in his loneliness
I remember being like that too, years ago. It's a sad state of mind. Being so unwell that you hold onto your mental illness for comfort, since it's all you've ever known. You feel like it's keeping you afloat, but it's actually holding you down
It's past midnight, should i go on a bike ride while the city is more quiet? But i'm tired
Try the apps instead and have a date
It's been going pretty great and I've been pretty satisfied with the results I've been getting. The guy handsome, but he's not my type. It would be a bigger problem for paying that if I didn't live with my parents though lol.
something you've never had before
don't need it
scientists made me in a lab. They did freaky 50s b movie esque science on me to make into the supreme being. The stone coldest incel
hes been fishing for yous for forever, stop giving into him you fucking cretin of a retard
don't need it
The face of denial. 
You really should be more honest with yourself. The lack of love in your life is slowly turning you mad with anger and resentment
cretin of a retard
well insulting me is not gonna make me listen anon
I will stop giving (you)s to Hue is you say please.
Out of curiosity what is your type?
i will not kindly ask you to stop voluntarily ruining the thread. faggot
You can stop giving me (you)s but can you stop being a lonely virgin?
You can't ruin garbage
The pride of some people is outstanding. All I ask is for a please and he refuses. We truly do live in a messed up society. 
"I am in a world of shit" - retarded guy from full metal jacket
lonely virgin
Your father already put a stop to the virgin part :DDDDDD
Imagine your future bf looking through your chud folder. Imagine how weirded out by it he will be. 
Whatever happened to you that made you completely hopeless?
All I ask is for a please and he refuses. We truly do live in a messed up society.
whats messed up is expecting a please to stop from purposefully ruining the thread
73167328
Whatever happened to you that made you completely hopeless?
shut the fuck up, the answer is always "life". go ask stupid questions somewhere else.
Life is not an answer, anon. Give us the specifics. What made you lose hope that you could find a bf one day? What made you take the incel mantra to your heart? What made you give up on love? 
What makes you give up on dating apps?
He's a strong bulky guy which I do look up to for physical strength, but my type tends to be more softer looking guys that maybe even act a bit feminine.
ew, creepy chaser vibes
My "future bf" would be pro chudposting
whatever happened to you that made you completely hopeless
After the war I was never the same...
chuds don't get boyfriends, anon. You either stop being a chud or you die alone.
Remember, chud is just a different word for bigoted retard
I have an exam tomorrow but i just want to watch a cute, gay anime movie.
Any suggestions?
Yes, try dating apps and meet someone new. Give yourself a chance to be happy
Anime can't fill that gap in your heart, but another man might do the trick.
You know that when you go to a date, it's like you are living the cute gay anime movie yourself? Like you are the main characters and everything
Not into trans people bro. I like twinks and average slim guys.
gay media fucking sucks so hard and its all for women or thats how it feels,. The only good homosexual media I've ever consumed is Doukyuusei and Umibe no Etranger
Of course they're both jap gook anime movies so you win some you lose some
forget about anime mayogirl is doing supachatto
I already watched Stranger by the beach, it was really enjoyable. 
I've read Doukyuusei before but i remember not enjoying it. I'll give it another shot, since the other option is sleep and because you suggested it. Thank you anon.
That's what makes you a chaser, bro. Twinks don't stay twink forever. If you dislike masculine features, it's the same of saying you dislike anyone older than 21 and you'll just use teenage boys like sex objects
You suck, chudcel. What do you know about gay media? Cringe japanese cartoons? 
You wouldn't need that if you had a dating life. So much for a stone cold incel: quenching his thirst for love with drawings
When you have a date, it's like you're the main character in one of your gay animes, but it's actually better because it's real. 
Live out your fantasies
so what's is popular gay media? What do normal gays watch?
You're too bitter, you'll just shit talk about popular gay shows on Netflix.
I watched Young Royals and had a crush on Simon ever since. 
People like Heartstopper but i thought it was too much.
No, I'm legit curious. I hear the last of us got some positive recognition. I don't even watch netflix/streaming services.
woah woah why the insults
what do you know about gay media
I've consumed enough over the years to tell you it all sucks. 
love simon? sucks
heartstopper? sucks
love victor? sucks
given? sucks
given the movie? sucks
Sasaki to Miyano? sucks
What other gay movies are there? fucking ram ranch? gachimuchi? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5hBtw-3Wjg [Embed]
well it is a little disgusting frankly
aaaa >~&lt;
Huh I see. No problem then, I know how much you care about those people in your life nony. Are the dreams at least peaceful? Do you ever get nightmares?
The journal thing is very cute I think. Also it's quite feminine to me desu. Does that mean you have a diary too? :3
I very rarely have lucid dreams, but they are much more fun than the non-lucid ones. That is very impressive of you to somehow remain aware enough to get them. I wonder if you unknowingly do something that enables them to happen.
Aaaaaa I didn't phrase it correctly there!!!! I don't make mods! I am just planing on doing something *involving* mods. You know how you can make stuff by using a command block? Well in that case you aren't really making a mod, you're just playing around with a block inside the game. There are mods out there which involve very much the same thing, adding blocks to the game which can be used in a similar way as command blocks can. So that's all it is, I'm basically just having fun messing around inside a mod, and not actually developing one myself. And it's really nothing special in the slightest. I would probably be too embarrassed to share it with people desu
Yes you have told me before about your 4chan future bf. And I already once told you how you could try and confess to him!
char
*clears throat*
Sexo. I am not going to have sex. My soul and body will literally become sex.
beats me
Ive watched a couple of artsy gay movies but they tend to be about lesbians, pic related
I think normies watch stuff like Queer Eye which is a makeover program or something?
I really don't like the hosts, they're the obnoxious narcissist types exactly like you would expect. I watched a single episode because someone recommended it to me and it was quite sad, had some japanese gay guy crying about how hard dating is there, or how no one in the west wants an asian guy since they're not manly.
Snap out of it anon!!!! Originale
OH sorry i forgot a gay media which is good
Car seat headrest's twin fantasy(2011. Not the gay fucking 2018 verison) is good.
Do you reeditors not realize how cringe your idiotic thanos references are. Liberal brained soiboy, go back.
https://gogotaku.info/category/umibe-no-etranger-dub
When I was younger I didn't really care too much about hurting mobs, but now I am heavily against exploiting them. So if I did play (which I don't because I feel guilty for playing video games) I would go for a vegan approach too! Now you're gonna be all like "you're just saying this to impress me or something", but you'd be wrong. I can demonstrate my sincere care for minecraft mobs by sharing the results of a little study I conducted recently:
The best vegan food in the game (judging by amount and retention of food points) is the suspicious stew that you get if when you combine two mushrooms and a blue tulip or dandelion, with a bowl in a crafting table. However this food cannot be stacked and and is non-renewable (so it's not guaranteed that you can can get an infinite amount of them).
The second best vegan food stuff would be I think a gold carrot, but seeing as that is maybe a bit challenging to acquire consider either the beetroot or mushroom stew. They are renewable. But sadly also not stackable.
And finally, what I believe to be the most efficient vegan food source in game is, either bread or baked potato. They restore a good amount of food points, and have decent saturation too. You can generate an unlimited amount of them, and can stack them in your inventory providing you with a large amount of hunger restoration on the go. There are ups and down's for both. You need 3 wheat and a crafting table for one bread, but you can't get poisoned wheat. Potatoes can sometimes be poisoned and you require to bake them with something, but that takes only one potato.
And keep in mind that farms grow best when every crop is on and surrounded by hydrated farmland and when no crop is bordered diagonally, or simultaneously on both the X and Z axis, by another crop of that kind. So only plant same crops right next to each other if they go in a one-block-wide straight line. Maybe this part was a bit hard to understand, so I have a visual guide too:
Say you have melons (marked as "o" here) planted as such:
###
#oo
###
The only good way to plant another melon is like so:
###
ooo
###
If you placed them in any other way, like:
###
#oo
o##
or:
#o#
#oo
###
Then not all melons will grow at their best possible rate. So for best efficiency same plants should be placed in either north-south or east-west one-block-wide straight lines!
And remember that one water block can hydrate a 9x9 square around it.
(Also, when I said "vegan" I really meant vegan. Meaning that not animal products where used in those foods, hence why I didn't list what has to be one of the best foods in the game: cake)
Sorry for this autistic interlude, I'll try to refrain from future incidents as such.
You don't know
What's in store
But you know 
What you here for
I don't know what skin you'd like nonny, I'm not you after all... I'd say pick something that let's people know what your all about! Ugh, maybe something like a fairy of sorts? They're all natural and soft and kind, so I think people wouldn't get the wrong impression with it.
And I hate to break it to you anon, but everyone loves kissing and cuddling. But not everyone is into merciless tickling >:3 But surely you aren't perverted enough to like having your nipples played with, right?
do you have an idea why im kinda an exception
I think it's just due to your goodie-two-shoes attitude and naivety. It's as if you were teasing someone to do naughty stuff to you. I don't know why, but it's hot seeing someone get corrupted in an erotic way.
take a picture of them tomorrow
Wait a minute! No need, I was just curious about their design, but actually seeing them might be too personal for me. But then again, it is your choice after all, and I mean it's not like you have a problem with exposing yourself to strangers now, is it? ^.^
You suck, pathetic virgin. Go get a dating life before you're 30
time for some home cooked cheese burgers. What I wouldn't give for a good old fashioned mom cooked meal. 
in reality I just want someone else to cook it and the only thing I do is eat.
stop hating because I dislike your gayslop
Sounds delicious. I just cooked steak and nothing else because i'm lazy.
Two questions:
What's a chaser?
and
What's a boy/girl-modder
No, I don't wanna ask the other board. They are too normie for me.
chaser
mentally ill freaks who wants to bang trannies(mentally ill freaks)
boymoder/girl moder
some weird tranny shit. I think they're like trannies who take the hormone stuff without telling anyone. More mentally ill stuff
don't get involved with these kinds of people mate
I'm a sunni from alabama
uhh a chaser is somebody just fulfilling a need like a fetish they dont see people as whole people. theyre chasing a body type or whatever or some ideal. like tranny chasers are just trying to get a gf but whos a male and they think they can get around the dealing with a women and they get the girlcock ideal. so its nothing more than going for an ideal 
boymoding i think is being a troon but not having long hair or attempting to look like a girl but i think you still have to be on hrt. so theyre in boymode. i think girlmodeing is for vagina havers? sill looking like girls?
i'm a boy modder, wrote a mod for 1.16 FML recently.
every time i hear the word sunni i think of this 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmLX09ZjM0g [Embed]
chaser is person with a fetish for trans individuals. They do not see their partners as their preferred gender.
boy/girl mode is your outward gender appearance. Trans individuals will often go out as their birth gender for various reasons, one is fear or they don't feel like they pass good enough. Secondly is that they may not feel they have been on HRT long enough to go out in public. Others may do it because it's simpler if you need to go out in a hurry.
Not trans myself, but I am a mentally ill freak.
Why not for a newer version anon?
Thanks nonny. Not knowing zoomer lingo makes me feel dated.
as far as I know boy/girl mode is only used on 4chan's /lgbt/ board but it might have spread to more common usage in the trans community.
One of my kinks used to be thinking about getting conquered and puppeted in hoi4.
I like how you made it extra clear with two examples -_-
My bad but you didn't have to do that much.
user name 
Made me laugh
Honestly its hard to read there and far from ideal but ok. I will probably give you some form of a response, at least partial. I don't ghost but i'm also sure i won't respond to all that. If i give up i will inform you so don't worry. You put a lot of effort into that so not giving any type of response would make me feel bad. Now i also don't know if you would want a response on there or how to so it and shit. I don't wanna make any accounts anywhere. I also don't know when i'll read it and then respond either. I don't feel like doing much these days and that includes walls of text and talking. I feel worse than ever and i there is no good solution for that if any. Even if things went back to how they were it still wouldn't make me happy but i also can't go on like this. So don't hold your breath if you expect me to get better or something.
Feel free to not respond to parts that are irrelevant to questions about my future response
I get an erection and need to rub one out every time I colonize new world in eu4
What kinds of boys do you like to colonize anon?
And how wold you describe yourself politically?
you poor teen
if he plays paradox games you know he's a chud. I've never met someone with a normal political view who also plays paradox games.
paradox games suck so god damn much. I'd rather play deltatroon than clicking colored countries
you don't have the autism for it. Most paradox players are historyfags that want to live out their vgh what could have been fantasies.
Why is this autism so popular..
now because they've massively casuallzed the recent games. Play some the early ones for a comparison.
I pass thanks, my brother made me play "Darkest hour" with him and his friends and I fucked it up because I didn't understood it.
are your siblings as lame as you r9gay?
im not a chud and ive played victoria 2 many times
my sister is some twitter liberal who retweets shit about characters in media being gay and trans or autistic or they retweet shit about anti Semitic dogwhistles
I'd say they are much lamer than me desu
My bigger brother is the biggest chud you could probably imagine, minus the weak part he is lifting since he was 15, he only watches movies from the 40's because he is against " jewish brainwashing propaganda" aka trans people or mixed race couples in movies. He punched me in the face once because I accidentally used his spoon for my soup.
tankie leftists also play. That way they can fulfill their worldwide commie utopia fantasy instead of the chud's grobgermaniums world conquest.
Darkest hour is very fun if you have the 'tism for it. Much better than the latter HOI games.
huge chud
against Jewish brainwashing aka trans people or mixed race couples in movies
lifts
h-hot
He refuses to work and meets his psychologist 2 times a week to get free government money. He also has a gf that was 16 when they started dating, he was 23 at that time around. He told me once that he didn't want a girl that already fucked 100 guys that's why he dated such a young girl.
tfw no unshowered, slightly smelly bf
was that legal in your area? Brother or not if it wasn't I would have reported him. I can't stand pedos.
He refuses to work and meets his psychologist 2 times a week to get free government money.
Based. He is gaming the jewish system.
he didn't want a girl that already fucked 100 guys that why he dated such a young girl
i mean fair enough.
No it wasn't but he made his relationship public (brought her to mom) when she was 17 
Yeah he is supper happy dude. follow his footsteps.
YOU SICK FUCK!!!! SHE WAS 17 AND 364 DAYS OLD YOU SICK FUCK!!!!!! DUDE!!!!!!!
what did her mom/dad think of this? If you have evidence they were sexually active when she was under the AOC you can still report him to the police.
im not a tankie leftist either, and ive never done world conquest. i might be playing the game more autisticaly than that because i always plan out my colonial goals, then dismantle my enemies and try to break the economy. it sucks vic2 is kind of a shit game when you learn how easy it is to win every war. ive played eu4 and always quit immediately after getting my borders or forming the nation(ive formed netherlands dozens of times) the game is just too long finish
tfw no bf to treat me like a teenage boy (despite me not being one)
No I don't have any evidence. I don't know what their parents think about it, but they know about their relationship. She is studying and he lives rent free in her apartment while he doesn't even have a gas station job.
Yeah personally I always stick to realistic goals for my country. 
Personally I prefer Crusader Kings the best out of all the paradox games. More of an RPG as you play an actual character rather than a 'country' where you can retain power even after revolutions.
Hope that anon had fun with LOTR yesterday.
sounds like he's just a moocher. Sucks for her. I hope she wises up and throws his ass out.
Yeah tell your mentally ill boyfriend who goes to the gym EVERYDAY that you want to break up. Good luck.
Yeah he is supper happy dude. follow his footsteps.
Wish I could. He doesn't have work for a system that hates him infact he gets paid by it. He is in a relationship and is buff. He is winning while you are probably losin desu.
met guy while online gaming 3 months ago
was buzzed and lonely, got flirty with him thinking I'm just messing with some online rando
actually responds to the flirting and we exchange contacts
play games every day, talk about stuff, tfw no bf and such
fast forward
I've grown more attached, perhaps overstepped my boundaries a couple times
he's not as flirty as the first day, or at all, and doesn't respond to mine
basically politely lets me understand I'm being too clingy, and wants to keep being friends
I took a step back and we're still gaming and being friendly and that's "good enough" but it hurts knowing he'll likely never reciprocate my feelings
What would you do anons?
He might be a pussy won't actually do anything but let her go and blubber about how the jews corrupted her. She could also get a restraining order and have him arrested if he tried anything.
ive never played any of the crusader kings games. well, i played ck2 but only for like an hour because it wouldnt stop crashing. just havent bothered to see if it works now. havent felt like playing games much the last couple years so ive never tried ck, or any of their recent games
I didnt end up watching it
When I went to get a snack my dog was having a seizure and I spent a while dealing with that, and then it was too late 
Thanks for thinking of me though
Stay with him as a friend, and search for a boyfriend. It's not like I can force him
I would love to watch the LOTR movies again, all in one setting but my ADHD would never allow it. Extended editions too.
Well me personally I wouldn't take getting broken up with laying down
oh.
you're breaking up with me??
BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG 
*point gun at self*
BANG
What would you do anons?
I'd peel off my skin because it's "peel-off-skin Tuesday".
Maybe break it off that seems like a torturous dilemma to be in. Or let him know how much you're bummed out by it. Or repress and just be friends.
Does that happen commonly or was it the third bad thing?
Is the puppy alright now? What about you?
omegalu... omgalul... heart?
tfw need to take out the trash but it's rainy.
someone motivate me please.
how do i find cute boys to whisper into my ears on youtube
keeping a clean house is one of the best things you can do for your mental health
cute boys
Pedophile reported.
They are like 10000+ vids with that shit content.
quads
probably asmr or whatever
Ive never done all the extended in one sitting, I feel like it's not worth, at some point you'd stop taking it all in and just zone out
It happens on and off, he's been on meds to stop them for a while but theyve suddenly started up again this week
I guess because he's growing so much that it changes his needed dose? Vet says we should just up his dose a bit and hope that helps. It's awful seeing him have fits and stuff though, he gets kind of confused and dazed afterwards too. 
I'm meh, it's just another thing to stress about at the moment. I need a break from life.
It's not enough to love the unreal
I am inseparable from the impossible
I want gravity to stop for me
My soul yearns for a fugitive from the laws of nature
