Yes it costs money (though you can get it for probably a lot less than you think) but nobody is totally broke for their whole life.
Can't afford it, hard to escape wifeberg
whores are for subhuman men
Not that interested in getting laid and they wouldn't let me cut off their fingers.
what is your peak op and do you play euw?
Condoms are gay and I don't want warts
because paying for it doesn't count as removing virginity or inceldom. the only thing that counts is casual sex with a woman who is horny for you over immutable traits of how you look (how tall you are, how handsome your face is). simple as.
Lately I'm not affording it either but there are tons of strippers who will basically let you do whatever you want during a regular lap dance if you flatter them ask nicely if you can rub their clit and after a song or so of doing that they'll let you fuck them...
and escort doesn't love me
It's illegal in my state and I'd rather stay a virgin than risk explaining to my parents that they need to get me out of jail because I tried paying someone for sex
Tits or GTFO blah blah filler filler.
because "permavirgins" want romance, affection, LOVE, they want passionate sex with a lover. not "stick their dick into a woman that's run through by multiple men per day for money"
no woman does
cope sneed seethe mald dilate and touch grass, simple as.
I don't support human trafficking. Yes, i'm talking about escort too, i dropped irl porn for the same reason, paying an escort would make me an hypocritical faggot and i don't want that
yep, and without the romantic love as a woman you cannot remove inceldom. only abusechad gets to ever be a non-incel.
honestly idk why i posted >>73142166 this because you are right. women are just disloyal and manipulative. it's joever for all of us
no such thing as "love" dummy. Everyone's an incel acording to your logic
I want love, connection AND sex.
I don't need just sex. And prostitutes are filthy, I feel disgust toward them.
Looking to lose my virginity. Where the fuck do I find a prostitute?
Even roasties view proud whoremongers as outranking incels. 
Okay ya Jeffrey Dahmer type weirdo. 
Never got any did a lot of strippers raw. 
Neither do normal women unless its a childhood sweetheart. Women love themselves and perhaps kids and pets. The pro might genuinely want your dick though. 
Strip club legal risk is zero. I don't know of a single case of a guy who got pinched for fucking a stripper in a strip club in the US (does happen in massage parlors very rarely).
Seconding the question. The town is too small for a red-light district, so where do I find them?
Don't go to Chink massage joints then where they barely speak English but strippers aren't trafficked they have to pay the club to be there and are nearly always (sometimes a pimp forces them to work there but generally girls are with pimps because they "love" the pimp).
then I don't want them
Those women hate their customers, i guess for the whole objectification of women, idk, anyway i don't have any of them close, wouldn't go there because it's too noisy and i prefer staying a virgin because i would regret it
I spend my free time browsing this board and doing other general nerdy hobbies, do you really think I have enough confidence to go to a strip club with a bunch of other people there, and then also convince her to have sex with me?
Find the nearest strip clubs that have private lap dance areas, go on sometimes besides friday or saturday night (Tuesday night is often great) dress nice. Have brief conversation with the stripper compliment her body (you can be explicit about this its okay to treat them like a slut but be nice and non judgemental about it) DONT say anything that can be construed as judgemental or white knightish. Be honest about being horny they like that.... ask them nicely if you can touch them anywhere before you get a lap dance. Only get if yes. When yes rub their clit continously during the lap dance (don't be too eager to start fingering them) after a song to a song and a half they'll be VERY horny pull your dick out and fuck them they'll let you most of the time. If you're real lucky they'll take the initiative. If you don't want to use a condom you won't have to... the clit stim trick makes them genuinely horny. Also after that you'll be able to fuck that girl for regular lap charges every time.
I'm a literal sperg so you don't need to be smooth or have perfect body language or any crap like that.
cope seethe mald sour grapes. dilate and touch grass. chad gets real love, you get none. stay mad.
Depends. The one I used to fuck I couldn't one night because her daddy warbucks (he was fucking her too but he was paying 10x what I was) had died in a car accident and she was bawling her eyes out all night, she definitely at least liked his money and wasn't happy when he died.
the only one who's coping is you. Why would i get mad over something that doesn't exist?
See this sounds like good advice and sounds like it'll work but what's going to happen is some robot's gonna go there and not know how to flirt and then get kicked out by security then come back here seething
I'm literally autistic. Strippers are okay with you being a bit awkward, just don't be judgemental they are often really nice girls but they want validation and flattery not judgements (the fact that people in their life look down on them is a sore spot and you don't want to touch on it... at least not until you're a regular whos fucked them a few times). 
You can be degrading and judgemental when you are fucking them if you want, they like that but when you are buttering them up be nice... horny and you can treat them like a slut but do it in a way that gives them validation. You don't have to be smooth or a chad...
Because I'm too autistic and retarded
Because the experience would be very likely very shitty, i'm way too paranoid i would catch something and if i at some point by some sheer miracle managed to land a gf, fucking a whore before her would be eating me inside. 
But mainly the chance of disease really, finding out the hand was better for the chance of my dick falling off doesn't seem like very good trade.
If i pay a whore, then i encourage women to treat sex like a transaction, not gonna happen.
- you don't know what kind of men she fucked, it's literally gambling with your health
- prostitutes are not legal in every countries
- paying for sex with retarded restrictions and a fucking time limit is just stupid
- you're literally giving away your hard earned money just for a literal whore to fuck you
- and to make it worse, each time you're going to want to have sex again you will need to pay again
Don't get me wrong if you like fucking prostitutes that's your choice I'm not going to judge, but it's retarded to suggest that everyone else should do it.
Finally found a pretty decent looking one in my City so I might just do it.
Unless you're literally a pimp you do
They more like pay for a sex pass. One example is getting her to a dinner or something will land them a full unlimited night sex. If you did good she might even give more more free sex in the next days or weeks.
A prostitute is a one-way short hour-timed deal with restrictions to boot. It's a terrible deal.
I mean in the honeymoon phase its cheaper, but the honeymoon phase don't last (being a sperg I've also only ever had this once) and it ends in her dumping you and you being depressed. Getting full service at regular lap is cheaper than anything except honeymoon phase sex...
Getting full service
It's not a full service, that's my point.
You're jumping from prostitute to prostitute. Just do the same with normal women? Once the honeymoon phase has ended just move onto the next one. The point is, it's cheaper and you get more out of it.
I'm a sperg it's not easy for me to bang random women.
Only works if you're a 4/10 at least. I'm too ugly.
Strippers are not actual whores. It's gonna be a hell of a lot more difficult to bang one than an actual escort. Sure you could shop around in clubs and eventually find a whore but don't expect to just waltz right in and get your dick sucked.
Almost all of them fuck their regulars and about 1/3 of them will put out real easy, you need to make sure you can rub their clit if you can than following the rest of what I said you can generally fuck em and when you can it's cheaper than other ways.
I wasn't talking necessarily about you don't worry bro, we're just talking about the general pros and cons as a transaction.
I mean if I were Chad I would literally do the Andrew Tate thing and become a pimp.
As you should to be honest. People give him shit for being """le misogynistic asshole""" but one thing everyone always forgets to mention is how there are tons of women out there who've been giving him sex. There's a reason why he's like this, it works.
after experiencing real sex with gf's I was in love with, escorts are pointless. You can't capture that feeling of passion and connection with an escort.
I could never fall in love again anyway, the minute you trust and love a girl they screw you over.
I "thankfully" learned that men can do this too, so I didn't give up on love when my relationships with women didn't work. Women and men can be disloyal pieces of shit of equal measure afaik. And I personally know men and women who I'd kill and die for, so I know what true love and loyalty is like.
That's misleading. Yes everyone can be a piece of shit but there's a reason why the majority of men are the one singled out of relationship nowadays. Women have always been the gatekeepers.
well yes, that has been the case unless forced marriages are involved. Both men and women crave companionship but men crave sex more than women do.
The trick is not become the kind of guy that gets no women to love him in the first place. Most of this is unfortunately down to luck (genetics, socio-economic status and upbringing).
You wore a condom I stopped after one stripper raped me after some Clifty rubbing and fingerings (I thought she would put on a condom but no) I figured for sure I would catch something but I realized hetero stds were a meme.
And if you're not naturally attractive to women but you have money... I present an alternative.
Where the hell did you get that idea? Women, especially nowadays with the sexual liberation, are extremely addicted to sex. You just hear more about the men because they do not have access to it, so of course they're going to look like they're more interested in that.
It's why I recommend to be friend, or at least an acquaintance, of a chad. You get to see for yourself how thirsty women can be.
I'm a 28 year old KHHV. Should I get vaccinated for hpv and other STDs before doing this? Will doctors even be willing to give me a hpv vaccine at this age? I'm in Australia so prostitution is legal.
If I had the money I'd rather buy a doll/onahole or something, it's far better logistically since it's multi use and one time buy.
Neither is fucking the meat equivalent.
It's complicated... women get bursts where they are EXTREMELY horny but it's more selective and more sporadic.
I've hit them raw the last 100 or so times I've done it, never got anything.
No, it's truly not. The misleading thing maybe is that women absolutely love flirty games even if they don't plan to give sex at all. So it's why there's this notion that "all men want sex" when it's basically just "I want to flirt that's all don't blame me for blueballing you". I'm making a gross generalization but you get the idea.
you're just too inexperienced to enjoy no string attached sex with hookers
I would but it's illegal in my state and I don't care enough to fly to Nevada just to have sex more often.
I am wizard. At this point the physical pleasure from it isn't something I absolutely need to have. The psychological / societal aspect of it is even less important to me since I stopped caring about any of this shit which made my depression and suicidal thoughts go away. I can't unsee sex as the biggest manipulation scheme women run on a global level to be able to exist and not do anything useful.
Imagine being upset about being poor.
There is nothing stopping you from going to a bank taking out the maximum loan possible. Holding the money in your hands for a few hours, then giving it all back and paying the interest fee.
That's what using a prostitute is. It's a surrogate activity to mimic the real thing. But like all surrogate activities it's a pale shadow of the real thing.
incels aren't sad because they literally can't physically enter their penis into a vagina, it's because they're socially devalued and dejected enough to have no chance to reach the level of cultural value to do so the normal way. Sex is not the goal of incels, it's a symbol of the social success that incels want.
It is illegal in Canada and not decriminalized
Because even if most incels don't want to admit it we actually want someone who cares about us.
Get a dog. Filler blah blah
Other than a couple counties in the US it is too, but no legal risk banging a stripper.
Accept what you can't have and find happiness in something you can...
I have before, it's fairly fun but I do wish I could have the feeling of a relationship or be able to hook up with a girl on my own. I have a giant penis and I make a lot of money so I might create a porn site or something so I can start banging broads legally. Or I might move to Germany.
I actually just did lose my virginity last night to one in the EU. She was very cute and sucked the life out of me while 69ing after we fucked. I dont feel much different. I also dont feel like there was any issue of requiring love as I thought there would be. I was a bit nervous leading up to the appointment but things just sorta happened smoothly. There was suddenly a naked girl standing next to me telling me to lay down, then my dick was in her mouth and all anxiety was gone. It costed about 150 euros for the hour which is nothing to my salary. Just see escorts bros. Its also nice here because unlike the US, women here realize their value is about 100$ rather than merely their photo being worth a subscription service.
I don't disagree because I've never had a girlfriend and never will. But I do make a lot of money and I have a big dick. My plan is to create my own porn site and become a pornstar. If I could fuck incredible women even just once or twice a month and make money on the side, I would be happy.
Sounds cool if it works.
How does that work? Can you just bang her for the whole hour or do you have to follow some kind of conduct?
Rather kill myself theres something cringe about paying for a fuck
It isnt worth it. Most escorts dont put a lot of effort and just act as fuckdolls. Their pussy is loose and they use a lot of lubrication so there is no friction. Condoms also add more lubricant so the feeling is shit. Might be good for some of you so you can just graduate from your virginity and maybe you are lucky if the escort makes GFE for a reasonable price but still you won't feel shit. The only benefit is that you are going to be more confident when going to bed with an actual girl.
OP sounds like the incel that got laid once when he was young but never again lol
I once again recommend strippers... strippers do mock cowgirl all the time so they are very good when they do the real thing.
You are in charge for the time you paid for and you just tell her you wanna do X and she gets in position or does it for you. Certain kinks and actions are either off limits or extra money. You discuss beforehand on whatsapp or something similar. Condomless sex is basically unheard of whereas condomless blowjobs are usually free. Some will swallow if you pay for it others will ask for extra or have it off limits. Its all dependent on the girl. You obviously cant beat her but some will beat you if you are in to that. I paid extra to cum in her mouth. Some other things I suggest:
- Look for escorts online and whatsapp them. DO NOT go to strip clubs or a street hooker. Clubs are scams to blue ball you or straight up mug you for not paying 200$ for one beer.
- Try to find the websites for locals rather than tourists as the prices are much better typically. Also realize that they all use filters or photoshopped professional shoots. Expect your 9/10 to be a 7/10 when you show up.
- Contact multiple girls as some wont answer you or you wont vibe with them.
- Dont let them waste your precious time limit by small talking or giving you a massage or anything you dont really want.
- Dont be afraid to touch them the way you want (within limits) or tell them what to do
- Cash paid up front and dont be afraid to ask for money back for extra paid kinks that werent actually performed
In the US strip clubs are good...
Europe I don't know, agree on street hookers.
I do it in Tijuana, though I've looksmaxxed enough to be able to get regular girls
Pic related is one I banged, she was $125 for an hour, girlfriend experience and all that, rode me, choked me, scratched me, bit me
Then we talked about our interests and she's into anime, was telling me about the ones she's seen and we talked about game of thrones too, then we went back to fucking
Overall 10/10 experience, attractive girl with a very chill attitude 
It's been a while since I've been to TJ like 2 months, I'll go back for braces soon
How'd you set up a meet with her?
You probably need Viagra, Jim
IDK about that. There have been cases where DAs will charge men for having consensual sex with their drunk girlfriends when another jealous roastie reports them, because le intoxication means she couldnt consent. Even if the girl is sitting in court explaining to them that she wanted to fuck him. They dont care. So, they could say
oh you paid that stripper to fuck you because before you fucked there was an exchange of cash for the lap dance
The kikery lies there. So proceed at your own risk because they will try to find ways to convict you if they can catch you.
The way they catch street hookers and johns is that when the hookers say
he didnt pay me we had consesual sex
They say
And the normalfag jury might convict you.
The girls I see are through escort agencies (that have their own sites online) and telegram girls, some telegram girls are in public groups, others are in private groups
I drive to the border, park on the US side by the border, walk into TJ and go to a local love motel called La Mansion, it's an 8 minute drive away by taxi
Before all this I usually book the girl with an agency like 5-6 hours before
If it's an independent and I book the day before I message her again the morning of to confirm
Then I just go to the motel and give the girl or agency my room number and she comes 
r/tjredlightdistrict is a good starting point
r/tijuanazonanorteclubs is also good and you can ask there about agencies
My thoughts exactly, which is also why I'm a drug addict now.
the kind of autistic where you just say weird and possibly awkward shit, I can see how you'd be able to work with that, but the one time I had a chance with a girl seventeen (17) years ago I had the problem where I just froze like a deer in the headlights, knowing I was supposed to do/say something but having no idea what. I'd need a script for the whole thing and that's very dangerous, because the moment I got run off the rails I'd be completely lost, and in any case normalfags can smell when you've memorized something instead of being able to do it 'authentically'.
I actually did it I fucked a whore :D
t. 19yo
next hooker I fuck will be in TJ, forget white trash rural nevada for $700 (yes I know I was basically scammed)
I looked in my city in America and 95% of them look busted or fat and the few good ones charge like $500.
This is how it is in America and much to my dismay I found that the situation is no different at legal nevada whorehouses
sounds like TJanon found the glitch in the system...don't fuck American whores
too bad I'm on east coast
what i want is genuine attraction and love. aka things that dont exist for a sub5 male.
i am a dysgenic genetic dead end. i just have to accept the fact that ill die alone.
I mean flights from Vegas to San Diego are like 40 round trip
You could come for a weekend or whenever and bang a couple of escorts or bar girls, escorts are better in my opinion
Bar brothel girls are more about the money since they come from other Mexican states
Make sure you get service in TJ or have a hotspot for wifi
Whatsapp is used for communication with agencies and independent escorts 
Escort agencies that are good:
Greys Tijuana, Musas, Goodgirls, Sweet girls
Do research on reddit before you come
thanks king yous a real one
I don't live in a place where they're readily available. None of my friends know where to find them in my state either. If I want one, I will have to drive to Nevada. I'm looking at a minimum of 8 hours of driving, then a blood test at the brothel, THEN I finally get to fuck, and it could cost me upwards of 2k depending on which brothel I go to, and what the gals tag on. I'm not really excited by these prospects, to say the least.
They make it easy for you and unlike the woke feminists of clownworld aren't offended if you want to fuck them and treat them like sluts, you only need to not give the impression you are judging them negatively or white knighting them. "I hope you're a slut because i like sluts" is a good thing to say to a stripper for example, nice tits etc. Otherwise just make conversation just avoid asking them about their relationship with family, or commenting that they are too nice to be stripping or implying there is anything wrong with what they do. 
Strippers like to be treated like sluts IF you provide validation for it. Otherwise they make conversation easy. You're very likely not going to be the 1st awkward guys shes fucked. Just establish some rapport, establish that its okay if you touch their pussy during the lap dance gently rub their clit increasing intensity as time goes on don't finger till she starts moaning when shes good and ready pull your dick out (ussually after a song song and a half) and fuck her.
Read the posts on banging strippers.
Green text
Originally 27382828
