be me
just added a girl from /r9k/
how do i make her my wife?
don't go too fast
there's a reason the person is in r9k, if their mind is not rotten yet then you're fine
trying to "save a person" is really tougher than it sounds, and dealing with a person's problems is tiring if they are not willing to work on them
Women from r9k universally ghost or block dudes after about 1-14 days. They're here for a reason and you'll likely never meet her if she lives far away or something.
in my case he ghosted me
Where was this post literally 14 days ago. I just got ghosted I am never trying that shit again, they are fucking snakes. Happy and flirty right up to the moment they want nothing to do with you like what the fuck?
Just date her you pussy
Wcgw
you don't, that easy
he ghosted me
Show bobs and vagene next time. Come to Delhi I make you happy bride yes?
did you say more than "hi" and "lol" during your conversations?
There's a very real possibility that your dick won't save her, but her pussy will make you worse, so keep that in mind
this but unironically. girls here would never have to look for anyone if they just sent one dude bobs and vagene
i think that by "women" he refers to humanoids that are female at birth. do you check this requirement?
They're here for a reason
Almost always for reasons other than guys are here.
Avoid BPDemons.
yea we even vc'ed i had just watched a movie with him on call then he said he was going to do something really quick then he disappeared
thread compromised by an uninteresting foid
many such cases
Sounds like he heard your tranny voice and decided to dip.
vc'ed i had just watched a movie with him on call
sounds comfy. are you fat?
no im almost anorexic
srry i just saw the opportunity to vent yk
almost anorexic
brunette with tiny booba? that's my favorite flavor.
just give her your discord nigger and beat it
gotta weasel out a few details before i know it's worth embarrassing myself, faggot
I won't even attempt to talk to a supposed femanon unless they live in the same city as me
I've still not seen 1 supposed femanon on r9k say they live in the same city or state as me though
yea but its vry dark brown
Live in the middle of fucking nowhere
Every femanon lives in a major city ten billion miles away
Yeah I know the feel.
not even in the same state
utah? alaska? vermont?
I mean, anon, I don't think it'd have a chance even if they did live close. They flake so much.
where do you live and do you have a daddy kink?
do you have a daddy kink?
Holy fucking shit, nigger. Don't even do what >>73141825 said, just suckstart a shotgun.
be me
make a thread asking how to make an /r9k/ girl my wife
my thread gets leaked on pedophileforum.com
3 groomers on it and trying to snipe a random foid
fetishizing an eating disorder
it's over
exactly. thank you. he should be jailed
oregon and sure im open to it
oregon
goddamnit. i wish you well, but that's too far to bother.
I live in a pretty medium sized city (over a million residents) but rarely see anyone on 4chan say they live here, male or supposed femanon
Actually just looked it up and there's a lot less people living here than I thought..I thought my city had at least over 5 million residents, but the whole state only has around 3 million
argh fine, it was good talking to u anon
pretty medium sized city
only has around 3 million
yeah don't name the state and ruin your opsec fat retard
This place is just infested with dark triad normalfaggots, it's horrific. 
I've honestly not seen many anons who're from Florida, which is a very populated state. The demographics of this board are surprisingly spread out and diverse.
no the city is barely 1 million people, the entire STATE has 3 million (Nevada is a fairly sizeable state)
how do i make her my wife?
be aloof chad thundercock. simple as.
It won't last more than a few days if not a few minutes before they ghost.
tfw you fucking recognize cirno's perfect math class
God I feel old.
Does being aloof actually do shit? I figure it'd just make your time getting close to someone harder.
I've heard of something called Tagmap to where you can find other channers in your area, but I havent checked it out yet
Its the girls here who say nothing more than that you mong.
low quality fagbait ad. try /pol/
Does being aloof actually do shit
it does if you're chad. if you're an ugly beta loser, they never notice your lack of attention
There used to be a tagmap for /r9k/ but it was so old and full of dead postings. 
So basically it does jackshit(or worse) because of course someone's going to try hard for someone they find physically attractive.
I only looked it up through google search but I didn't want to actually click it
What is it? Gay shit like was implied?
dont meet up with people if you are polish, trust me
I talked to one for three years
sobot...
fucking how did you manage such a feat?
few days ago
thread about a fetish
fembot talks about hers
i'm interested and post my tag (risky move but whatever)
she asks for my age and general location while putting down hers, which are exactly the same as mine
yes.png
say so, but never get added after 12 hours of the thread still being up
so close to my literal dream becoming true. why god why
what the hell? since when do threads here get sniped by groomers from another site and how would you even know
why god why
She probably realized you were going to be mostly horny.
anonmefromsoc@proton.me
I talked to one for 4 years but we argued and ghosted each other till she added me again multiple times and in hindsight, I regret ever speaking to her or "e-dating". For any robots reading this who want to talk to girls, make an Interpals account and you can have interesting conversations with girls who'll give you a ton of attention and who won't ghost you from all over the world.
another one caught in the act. checkmate fatcel.
it was literally a fetish thread and she was horny first
why's it so hard to find something like this when being semi-anonymous makes it safe unless you actually meet
anonmefromsoc@proton.me
huh
i made an interpals acc to talk to japanese girls (in japanese) but nobody uses discord it seems. how do you do it mr Askeladden?
she was horny first
she probably got her rocks off then got the female version of post nut clarity.
I don't speak to Jap girls desu and yeah, most people there want to talk on whatsapp or insta, not Discord lol. But I do talk to quite a few on Discord too, I think it might just depend on the country, anon
Do you know Japanese, anon? If so, how did you learn it?
Please stop posting these boring images I hate recognising your posts.
I want a femanon to befriend and talk a lot with whos a perverted weeb and lolicon
Lokunoo#9882
I get ghosted within a month or 3-4 weeks i hate it
Never!!!!! See you around anon!
are you looking for a friend or a partner because i already have a bf
i like him. why are you so pressed over niche internet microcelebrities?
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Ep9YHFQqI8JfHvQDyIvDUkbudQ1bRM7z?usp=sharing
here you go. 
Genki 1 (0 to N5)
Genki 2 (N5 to N4)
Tobira (N4 to N3+)
good resources
-Anki (you should know this sprerg app)
-Japanese Kanji Study - compatible with anki (has vocab in kanji, hiragana, example sentences, pronunciation, and easy to use add-to-ankideck option)
-(googling grammar forms will index a lot of helpful sites with examples)
after that, sperg over manga/lightnovels/games and make friends. there's a language exchange vrchat server. it's literally all you need. also what character is that in your pictures? i'm curious
why do you do avatarfag
im looking for a girl that get off with me or help me jack off too
nty then thats a bit gross
why do girls wtih bf come here, dont you already get your attention from him
Thanks for the resources, anon!
She's Mio and she's an OC of the artist Murohani Poco, I believe.
There's a language exchange VRChat server?? That's so cool! It's true that I did meet some people who spoke other languages on VRChat before. 
What is your favorite Japanese media anon? How much time do you spend studying Japanese every day?
For attention-seeking purposes and a sense of identity.
i don't pay attention to your posts are you even a woman?
people still falling for the """femanon"""
Have you fucking retards thought about why we never get stories of robot/femanon who made it? Get a fucking clue already.
what did you expect honestly
Ass hole. Pwd8s
What country? I want a friend (actual platonic friend)
I talked with one using email and I thought it was great but after a while she didn't reply anymore.
Nari pls respond
Lol I know that one, protonmail. she ghosted me also. Ah well, just gotta keep trying.
nari
ghosted
yeah that lasted about 8 messages across maybe 2 hours for me.
we do get stories often though
pic rel
/mhexcPbb
this is their discord. i haven't joined vrchat in a while but it's pretty active there and the people are nice. there are a lot of japs but also other asian/european/american people learning the language. some have difficulty introducing themselves and others will mog even politicians.
What is your favorite Japanese media anon? How much time do you spend studying Japanese every day?
anime probably. haven't read a lot of manga or untranslated literature. i was consistently going 4h/day for a a bit more than a year. now i'm at a point where i need to speak to others to improve or read hard texts, but slacking. dropped out of uni because i didn't like it and want to start diff major (180 turn), so trying to prepare. i'll surely pick jp up again and want to visit the country. somewhat weeb at heart.
We should make our own group and talk about stuff. No girls allowed.
So that's 3 of us aye? Lol, I thought we got along really well but she went silent after 2 days.
Oh well. Plenty of women out there, lads.
be tall
that's it, works for every woman ever
it's just not the same as when there's a false sliver of hope for a relationship in the back of my mind.
wht being tall gonna do when you are online
Well, if they're not in the same country it was never going anywhere any ways to be fair.
To women It matters both online and offline. You could be a rapist and height will somehow make it ok for women.
Caring what women think
Ngmi m8
what this lad said >>73142955
basically
Thank you for the server! That's awesome. Now I just gotta start learning Japanese and playing VRChat.
dropped out of uni because i didn't like it and want to start diff major (180 turn), so trying to prepare.
Hopefully you find some time to consume Japanese content even in your rather hectic life!
Exactly.
Its like, oh no, women who aren't my type and who also wouldn't fuck me are saying don't want me, how ever will I recover? Lmao
lmfao yeah, its like they want that ragefuel
It's universally EVERY woman. Stop the cope that there's a woman out there who is different, who actually prefers a manlet, who actually don't mind you balding, who actually loves you despite you making less than $100k a year and not being famous. Just stop, at best she will settle after she's done riding cock carousel and resent you for not being who she feels she deserve. Women are a hivemind, they have no personal opinions, no personal preferences. It's whatever hivemind finds attractive, whoever is popular, whoever is desired by other women.
My purpose is to keep the fire burning. And I'll be honest, women make it so easy.
I'm not balding and I'm not poor. Stop making shit up.
I think it's partly projection since women are short as fuck on average
thread compromised by an uninteresting foid
It's all so tiresome.
You're a sad cunt. Touch grass.
I'm not balding and I'm not poor. Stop making shit up.
And who the fuck are you? I'm describing the universal template for the woman hivemind not your personal status since it's irrelevant. ALL women want the same type of a guy I described. Tall, popular, "confident", +$100k a year. And they will resent you if they have for some reason settle with you and you're not that. Best part is, even if you are all of the above they will still divorce rape you.
Where the fuck do you think you are normalfag?
And who the fuck are you? I wasn't talking to you to begin with, you replied to me. Cunt.
not to break up your incel gay chatting. just here to let you know i'm 192cm. make 12k euros monthly after taxes (do the math) and currently have a hot latina gf that stays home, cooks and cleans. just letting you know that some people are winning because you manlets are losing. and i appreciate you existence.
no, they're a tranny subhuman. remember that avatarfagging is against the rules and you should report it whenever you see it so that these faggots get banned
have a bf
shut the fuck up goddamn
