if we all just stopped using internet for lets say a year, instead doing proactive activities like going outside exercising talking to people working and joining real life groups and recreational activities, would our mental psyche, outlook, and life situation improve drastically?
or would you just be an angsty depressed robot but just outside
Depends on how tall and handsome you are
Yes, your mindset would improve. Spending time around people who always say "life is bad and it's never your own/my fault" doesn't make you happier.
But I don't really know about doing those things specifically, but doing things you enjoy and if you're able to spending time with people you like does indeed make you feel better compared to spending time around miserable retards whose only personality traits are hatred and misery.
My life would improve, not socially, I would still be a complete isolated recluse but I would go and get up hard like a motherfucker
exactly
i dont think people realize how much self sabotage takes place by simply surrounding yourself with equally or more miserable people, and basking in the misery
it is a cesspool of validation and degeneracy which glorifies doing nothing in life and putting pussy on a pedestal, acting if no pussy was enough of a reason to just give up on life completely
just a negative feedback loop. internet itself is one giant distraction if youre not making money off of it too
I'm too sick for all of this.
internet itself is one giant distraction if youre not making money off of it too
Yeah, so what are you doing here? Personally I'm just bored.
I wageslave and spend my free time doing "proactive acivities". I only go on the internet at nighttime when there isn't really anything else to do. Despite that, I am nearly a wizard and I haven't had a real conversation with anybody since before christmas.
Going outside does not make you normal
using internet for lets say a year, instead doing proactive activities like going outside exercising talking to people working and joining real life groups and recreational activities
The reason I use the internet so much is that it is incredibly challenging for me to take part in this and enjoy
"You're the average of the people you give your time to"
im addicted to the internet because of im mentally ill and im afraid of living a normal difficult life
ironically what i described is what im going through
got my heart broken really hard, family and relatives pissed me off so fucking hard and pandemic broke out and gave me a reason to use the internet and i got addicted
but i think it took more of my life than it should have, 3 years now
it is a cycle and a leech on my mental health but i cant stop using it. i might as well compare it to heroine
I'm online 16 hours a day or so, I've destroyed several chairs just by sitting on them for years and I'm not even that fat. Heroin is nothing compared to the Internet.
thats really a problem anon i am the same minus the chairs now
we have to break out of cyberspace or we will be 10 years older with nothing to show for it
le epic penis bump
I don't have a phone right now because I dropped it in the tub and it feels very liberating. I do go outside every day (for work) and then go to the gym but get very minimal socialization there, and then go home. What you propose isn't such a bad idea anon I would have hope for robots yet
