Who is pic rel and why is he so mysterious and talked about? 
(Not me in pic, he was the first image I saw when googling white male, not racist either since I am white myself)
Hes a guy that went to teach in China but still ended up getting rejected for being baldcel
i wish the black death just wiped whites out
The nonwhite SEETHE continuum kek
Stop trying to LARP as Samuel. He has flawless grammar. Also I searched Samuel in the archives and you have accused like a dozen random OPs and posters if being Samuel just in the last several days. You are obsessed, seek help.
You are all Samuel. Just shut the fuck up.
no one wants to be white retard. 2000s trope.
Cope pooskin, whites rule the world.
ACK
i thought jews ruled the world retard
Yes we do. Cope seethe and kys swarthoid lol
Why would I care about a shitty tiny Asian country lol. White boys cant breed and cant stop trooning and killing themselves.
ACK
Cope shitskin. You belong to whites and do our bidding lol
Lmao.
White boys never stop being dramatic teenage girls.
Slit your wrists whiteboy
He legit thinks you're all the same person, when in reality everyone is just tired of his spamming and shitpost. First you're Indian, then you're asian, then you're black. Once you expose how dumb he is, he spams child gore. Quite the sad individual
Lol
Lmao
Down the road, not across the street.
Slice where your veins meet, white boy.
Bye bye white boy. Pick up your state mandated helium exit bag today!
Lmaaooo
can you guys shut the fuck up
I am a fat white loser and will stick around. I'm a virgin so I won't have kids, but I am not gonna an hero either. I have began to enjoy the humiliation and defeat.
Nonwhites really do be like that.
Another white male/asian male beta off
you should embrace being a cuck too
BASED. Me too. I encourage you to participate in it and pour fuel on the clownfire. Extreme BWNO edits. Spreading Black Cock Gospel around the world. Embrace the Chaos. Whites should never have been.
Yikes.
I am hoping my goddess does cuck me. I simp for her but she has never done this before, but I think she would be up for it. I just hope it's with a Black guy desu. I would feel ultra humiliated then.
cant tell if racist or gay
Neither. I am a self-loathing bisexual man.
