If you are not mentally ill then you don't belong here.
If you think "mental illness" is an insult then you don't belong here
If you think /r9k/ is political, you don't belong here
you're mental illness is entertainment for those whose lives aren't as fucked
You're mentally ill if you're here.
go back to discord you fucking reject
AAAAAAAAA I WOULD FUCK THIS TILL THE BOTTOM DROPPED OUT WHY AM I SO FUCKING HORNY NOW AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I was on /r9k/ when you were in your daddy's sack, zoomercel
just because you save that snail guy's twitter images doesn't mean you're le epic mentally ill guy it's not a substitute for a personality there are tens of millions of you morons
I heard a faint rustle
You don't belong here. Go back to /r/T_D 
Yes my jimmies are THOROUGHLY rustled by these fucking normalfaggots.
Marvelling at mentally ill losers and their shenanigans has been a human pastime for millenia. Like modern day circus freaks.
No fuck off. You and your fake mental illness is not welcomed either. Try /soc/ or any retarded normieboard with others pretending to be mentally ill like you.
You're here because you're an outcast. You really don't get how this works, do you kid? 
Kill yourself. Didn't even read your post past "No" because I'm objectively right.
B-but I thought mental illnesses didn't exist desu
outcast? Define outcast.
Typical normie behavior as expected. Get out. Go fucking sick a dick because I bet that's what you want. Faggot.
Aren't you going to call it "tranime" normalfaggot? For some reason seeing anime women triggers you faggots. 
People who are not normalfags
Only normalfaggots think that. The same people who tell you depression is a choice.
does posting here automatically make you an outcast?
Only if you post here regularly. Normalfaggots post here all the time but they never stick around because EWWW ICKY PORN AND RACISM AND SEXISM AND TRANPHOBIA :(
As expected. It's worst than I thought, you're just a dumb kid.
you have a skewed view of normalfaggots. Some of us don't get put off by -isms or phobias or porn. That shit only puts off privileged or sensitive people. I get more put off by weeb shit because I always found anime fans to be pathetic. Also,
This is fun to do.
I'm a 32 year old robot. I was here when it was still Robot9000 - Greentext Feels 
You are a zoomer. 
You don't get it. The edgy behavior keeps the normalfaggots away. They're too afraid to call someone a nigger tranny faggot kike, even if you have nothing against niggers, trannies, faggots, and kikes.
afraid? They're just words. You might think it makes you brave to call people niggers or trannies or what have you, it doesn't, it makes you retarded. It might keep other retarded sensitive normies away, that's about it.
They're afraid of having it linked back to them. Simply going to 4chan makes you suspect in a lot of normalfaggots' eyes. 
I'd rather have black cock faggots posting than normalfaggots and moralfaggots.
Of course you fucking do. Retard.
I'm a bi polar schizo hebephile who managed to fake being human so well I got a wife and kids.
I could not even speak to people forever. Just started watching and learning then just jumped in. I've already thought of any possible conversation so always have snappy comebacks.
If anyone knew my true self they would murder me.
I'm by all means and accounts a normalfaggot but you're vastly underestimating a normalfaggot's intelligence if you think I'd ever let someone know I ocassionally browse this place.
I don't know if i would say insult, but it's not good/negative or bad might fit.
The diffrence between a "real" mentally ill person and a "normal" person is,
A normal person thinks they are mentally ill and says it online or to others.
A "real" mentally ill person does not think they are ill.
Now there can be some exceptions to this. But the fact most normal people think they are mentally ill, i would say the exception is very, VERY rare.
And now we wait to see if some normal person argues me and tries to "prove" they are mentally ill.
That's not an illness, it's called be a bitch, stop being a bitch and suck it up. You attention seeking normie. (This is to 98%+ of r9k)
Good luck trying to prove me wrong.
Yeah, they keep easily triggered faggots like you out. Back to R*ddit you stupid fucking niggercattle.
similar but I have obsessive compulsions that are unacceptable 
normalfaggots can only think about how others view them, it's not about intelligence 
people on other boards use it as an insult all the time, almost like a replacement for calling things "gay"
Keep trying that hard retard. Also add a trip so you can """"""""trigger"""""""" us more.
Yeah that's how society works man, people's opinions of me matter so that my financial, sexual and romantic situations are properly situated. Pluse I'm very vain and have high self-esteem and have reasons to be so I like it when people like me.
Imagine being proud of never leaving your room just to argue with teenagers on the internet fucking lmao dude
You are on 4CHAN retard. No one well adjusted comes here. Your insults are literally just projecting your normalfaggot insecurities on others. 
You are tourists. Always 'ave been always will be. Plain and simple. 
Why so?
You will get shit on by a lot of normalfags but yeah it is pretty disgusting they invade every possible space when they have the whole rest of the internet to be normalfags on. Constant race of trying to be quirky or different I guess. No use arguing I think, there are hordes of them they are like orcs in lotr
So you finally admit you've been projecting your normie insecurities since the first post? Good, we're making progress.
I'm kind of narcissistic and like it when people like/love/adore me. Which is why I chose the career/hobbies I pursue. But I don't tailor myself to fit the world, I'm unapologetically myself and it works out so I don't have to pretend I'm someone else.
If you are not mentally ill then you don't belong here.
Somewhat true.
If you think "mental illness" is an insult then you don't belong here
False, stop romanticising mentall illness.
False, /r9k/ is a free place to talk about everything.
I was mentally ill before but I fixed it. I'm not leaving
Im playing modded minecraft with my gf rn
I am mentally ill
It's an insult whenI mean it like one.
/pol/fags gtfo
If you ended up here, you already are mentally ill, it's a prerequisite.
