Make up your mind, dummies.
This is a race war, son. Propaganda is being posted everywhere on the internet.
It's not a race war. It a class war that has already been lost.
Its literally the same retard making all these threads
Samuel
You must have special perception because I can't spot any classism in the image OP posted.
Yes, there are also people just trying to cause havoc.
You must have special perception
Indeed. It's called experience.
Have you ever actually hung out with people of other races? It's fun.
And then we talk. This is what the elites don't want.
I have a lot of experience talking with people of other races. Although the experiences were 70/30 fun, we are not the same. Too many differences.
Too many differences.
Listen Tyrone, you need to give white people a chance. I know we're nerdy and weird, but plenty of Black people can be nerdy and weird, too.
The elite are using shit like trannies and racism to distract people from the real issues
Im not gonna lie sometimes I make these threads when I am bored
I think it would be funny if we all went outside at the same time to touch grass. It would mess with the normies.
I am neither black nor white.
The elites also seem to have a common ancestry.
I am neither black nor white.
Well, if your parents had no trouble mixing, why do you?
The elites also seem to have a common ancestry.
So, you're implying that if you take the mask off the race war, there's a class war. And underneath the class war's mask is another race war?
Please allow me turn the tables on you again. Within the elite families, there are struggles for power. And so, although they may publicly war against the proletariat, privately, they fight amongst themselves for control of their vast resources, once again making about money, not race.
Well, if your parents had no trouble mixing, why do you?
My parents are relatives. There was no race mixing.
So, you're implying that if you take the mask off the race war, there's a class war. And underneath the class war's mask is another race war?
Yes.
Please allow me turn the tables on you again. Within the elite families, there are struggles for power. And so, although they may publicly war against the proletariat, privately, they fight amongst themselves for control of their vast resources, once again making about money, not race.
Correct, but in the end it is still within the family of the ethnic group. A hierarchial fight among family is also common among animals but there is no class involved.
My parents are relatives.
Are you any good at the banjo?
A hierarchial fight among family is also common among animals but there is no class involved.
In the human case, class is involved.
Are you any good at the banjo?
I'm no good at instruments. I am also not a hillbilly.
In the human case, class is involved.
Before society or class was a thing there were still hierarchial conflicts among family.
I'm no good at instruments.
Why? Don't you have any? https://voca.ro/1mFq7QSGpXGo
I am also not a hillbilly.
Are you sure?
Before society or class was a thing there were still hierarchial conflicts among family.
Over resources. "I want that." Sounds like the elites need to learn to center themselves and be OK with life. Maybe abdicate a position or two and go backpacking around America to find themselves.
My parents are relatives. There was no race mixing.
Relatives are slightly distinct genetically. That is racemixing. Humans who are slightly different genetically having children with each other is racemixing.
boner.mp3
Why? Don't you have any?
I wanted to play the piano but the lessons were too expensive apparently and since my family is poor I never got to play it.
Are you sure?
Yes, although my views are viewed by others as backwards.
Over resources. "I want that."
Not necessarily over resources but also power over who rules the family. Resources were/are shared among the family.
That is not racemixing, you are spreading false information on purpose to rile me up. You are baiting and I will not continue talking to you.
power over who rules the family
Does that mean anything? By default, the ruler is the one who can serve the family the best. Nana is the head of the family because she makes the best Stromboli. It's survival of the friendliest out there.
i am not married therefore your argument is invalid
checkmatw
it is well-established at this point that /r9k/ is for married men, and if you are single, you are a normie and must leave.
Does that mean anything?
You can bring glory to your family's name or bring it to its demise.
By default, the ruler is the one who can serve the family the best.
Not necessarily. Someone who is strong or good at collecting resources doesn't necessarily have to be good at being a leader.
It's survival of the friendliest out there.
Friendliness is unfortunately taken advantage of by predators which in the end makes people less trusting of others creating more predators.
You can bring glory to your family's name.
Cool. Why don't you go do that instead of fingering your asshole on a Chinese cartoon forum?
Why don't you go do that instead of fingering your asshole on a Chinese cartoon forum?
I am not fingering my asshole and this is a Japanese animation imageboard made by an American. I want to but firstly, my actions are overshadowed by those of my older siblings. Secondly, I lack the motivation, drive, abilities, knowledge, experience, wisdom, etc.. Not to mention that I am mentally unwell and have been at a huge disadvantage since birth compared to my older siblings.
i am not trying to be the fiend
my actions are overshadowed by those of my older siblings
Leave home.
