I am chronically suicidal over it and see no way in which I could ever be happy, as young love was critically important to me growing up.
Imagine yourself as a cuck in a 10 year pussyless marriage watching your wife fucking a BBC (both of then got to experience teen love multiple times)
I would torture them both to death desu
Young love literally doesn't matter.
It's a fleeting, meaningless relationship that will only leave you heart broken in the end.
I never dated in Highschool because I saw how pointless it was.
you graduate
you breakup
No wife to be found, so why even bother.
Uhh, just date in college, or after college, and you should only be looking for a wife and nothing else.
Uhh, just date in college, or after college, and you should only be looking for a wife and nothing else.
I graduated college a couple years ago, and I have been looking for a wife since I was 4 years old (I was a VERY early bloomer sexually and romantically).
I guess you're just a complete social fuck up then.
if you say you're an "early bloomer" then you probably spent your most important years thinking too far into the future instead of just being a kid/teen.
Spoiler Alert: Social shit is supposed to just come naturally.
I have autism and worked desperately to try to find a girl growing up. I started working out, watching PUA stuff, videos about how to flirt, etc. around 10 years old. Social stuff does NOT come naturally.
I have autism and worked desperately to try to find a girl growing up
Mistake #1
watching PUA stuff, videos about how to flirt, etc. 
Mistake #2
Social stuff does NOT come naturally.
Mistake #3
Tell me, do you think Chad sits around all day desperately praying for a woman? 
Do you think he watches Pick-Up Artist videos or needs to watch tutorials on how to flirt?
No, he doesn't, and most people don't. Because it should just come natural.
Instead, you dug your own grave by obsessing over it for years because of your autism lol.
as someone who thought she had this it's not all that. it also becomes very sad memories when it doesn't work out.
young love is also a state of mind as we strive to live on
Okay, then should I kill myself? If so, then how? I need to die horribly and painfully in order to punish myself.
I've accepted that it just didn't happen, and so it was never a possibility for me in the first place. It's like regretting never growing up rich or regretting all of those games your parents never bought you. Seems stupid to me. Maybe just I don't interact with enough regular people for the fomo to hit and for the realization of how far behind I really am to set in... Haven't talked to enough women for one to laugh in my face that I'm a virgin or whatever people here say happens to them. It doesn't seem to bother me the way it seems to bother a lot of people on here.
i mean i really wish you'd rope and livestream it for me to watch but i cant stand you being so pathetic
just go out of the house and start practicing on women. the grocery store, the park, anywhere works. even if they think you're a creep and you fail to socialize, keep taking it as a learning experience. if you're socially stunted you have a long way to go but don't let that make you lose hope yk? social interactions come easily to certain people but it doesn't mean you can't learn cause its like any sort of life skill ever; some people are just better at specific things than others. talking to people made me anxious when i was younger and ive had my share of social fuck ups but you will get nowhere just googling this shit and reading up on it. you have to put it into action to learn anything 
anyways i really do hope the best for you anon, you can still make it
It bothers me so much because it was (and is) my main priority in life. It drives my every action.
I have been doing this for about 15 years at this point. It has produced nothing.
what have you been doing to be specific? i find it hard to believe you can't get a gf unless you're very physically unattractive in which case you just have to be realistic and bring your standards down a bit
Approached girls, sometimes several times a day, tried making friends with girls, being sweet and nice to them, reading material about how to talk to girls, etc. This was during high school when I was supposedly a 7-8 out of 10 and regularly crushed hard on girls around the 5-6 mark.
Do you even try dating girls? Its not hard
huh... you may as well just rope then!
Nta but none of those things are relevant. You need to be in social groups and you need to be spending 8-10 hours a day actually getting to know people. You can only learn from experience, books will help when you are already in a relationship and you need words to help describe how you feel or how to think ahead. If you still get anxiety with girls or dont know small talk, you just need to go outside
How should I kill myself? I want my death to be brutal, bloody, violent, and painful in order to sufficiently punish myself for being a failure.
I feel no anxiety at all about talking to girls. I do not even feel anxiety when I have guns pointed in my face by police.
Before you do that selfish thing, could you please donate any money you have to the less fortunate? Society is still racist and there are tons of black families out there in need
Thats good! I started dating girls when I was 17. Its just a natural part of life.
you should livestream it and go out with a bang for starters. anything after that, i dont really know ... slit ur wrists or something maybe? cause thats something im into
I am 26. When will i finally get the gf of my dreams? What do I have to do to get her?
What do you mean by dreams? I am dating in the real world
don't donate any money before death, better take some lifes with you for free, lol
make sure you're high enough
Virgin religious girl who loves me 
I despise the real world and everything about it
Donating money is a great thing to do to the less fortunate people in society.
gf
i'm 28, you don't
I despise the real world
Wow! I am very glad that you are single, you deserve to be alone.
killing those bastards is also kind thing to do since they are already as miserable
so to speak, breaking your back/neck is very ineffective
Killing is evil and selfish, donating money is based. I know incels are usually violent but they can still help feed a few children.
give them fish and they will be fed for 1 day
kill them and they don't need to eat anymore
I need either be popular with women and find wholesome romance or subject myself to a torturous, brutal suicide. Those are the only two options.
I would probably donate half my money to my brother so he can pay off his debts, then i would give the rest of my money to a precious cat shelter.
But it's immoral and incels are notoriously violent.
It's very simple to fix. Just stop caring over something so trivial. 
That's it.
That is not a possibility, sorry.
What a rude thing to say to someone who is helping you
Fpbp. The cuckold pill is the cure to the teen love pill
Of course it is. Not only is it a possibility, it's the best course of action.
over something so trivial.
Damn, I didnt even get the most trivial experience.
It just is not. It is EXTREMELY important and has been since I have been conscious as a person. It will never change. Please give me advice with that in mind.
If it was important why are you ignoring women and spending time on social media
I need advice
NOOOOO NOT THAT KIND
Maybe you really should just kys then. Fucking retard.
If I cannot accept not having young love, or I cannot find young love anymore, then do you truly think suicide is the best option?
Its not hard to find love
It's a core component of the human experience.
Imagine growing up with no friends or without a mother. It's on the same level.
Honestly, I think it's irreversible damage.
We couldn't develop properly.
It is the hardest possible thing I have ever tried to do.
That means you have an easy life. Be grateful
True. Even if you manage to find a relationship now, the emotional development damage is already there.
Lolno. Friends and parents, yes. They actually provide you with something. You can bond with friends and share hobbies and interests in things, and your parents, well, they're you're family. They raise and grow you. A woman is just a wet hole you stick your cock into. Far from the "same level".
Women dont want a guy with emotional baggage and a lonely past. They want someone pure
They want someone pure
A pure and sexually experienced Chad.
You think chad ever had a lonely past? Do you think Chad has a hard time getting girls?
They want someone pure
Do you even know what that word means?
They want a bully that fucks them hard. That's it.
Both no, therefore hes not pure. Woman mock virgin guys.
Bullies are pure compared to someone who has a lonely past.
Virgin guys are usually gay and not interested in women. Youll never see them in the real world talking to women
I would only accept becoming Chad, and I will do that by any means necessary, or I will die. That is all.
Do you think Chad dies? You sure about that? You sure about that?
be neurodivergent
dont have any social skills
women dont want to do anything with you
end up as a virgin
Chad dies, but he lives a life more fulfilling than a normie who lives a hundred years. See pic related
None of those things matter, only looks matter. Virgin men are usually gay and spend zero time with women
Chad dies
Do you have any proof of this claim?
Virgin men are the ugly ones (mentally and/or physically).
There are literally countries full of ugly nonvirgins like the US and Europe. The virgins are the gay guys that are ashamed
See a therapist to get that OCD fixed is my advice. Nobody can predict the future but chances are it's not going to happen for you, what will you do then, kill yourself over something stupid like that? Better to prepare your mind.
I got rejected a few times therefore I dont bother anymore. Why put effort if you know the end result?
t. a wizard
Its effortless and natural for heterosexuals. Rejection means nothing when the result is vibes. Do you spend a lot of time with boys?
Based Wizard
I'll become one next year
Stopped chasing after women back in middle school
Why are you assuming that Im gay?
Oh sorry I was just told that you might be a virgin so thats the first thing that comes to mind. Do you spend a lot of time with women?
Maybe 10 ago when I was erasmus mentor. There were a couple of girls interested in me but my autistic ass realized only a decade later. It doesnt matter now.
Yeah. Anyway I was right
Lol you are a 16yo white girl.
Get the fucl off this board christine
Anyway I was right
About what?
about what
Men
I saw a therapist for 15 years.
You must be extremely rich and lucky
Find a better one.
Not really, parents paid. It did basically nothing
Nope, done wasting my time on psychotherapy at this point.
Your parents are rich and you are extremely lucky
We were solid middle class. Truthfully, I wish they never had me. They would be better off and would not have had to deal with all my issues. They are good people and did not deserve this.
Its funny though that you are somehow still single
It is complicated. If I am to be completely honest, I have a lot of serious mental and emotional damage from romance growing up with autism. I sorted of checked myself out of the dating pool back in early college until I could figure out how to fix myself.
Its a great example of what not to do and what happens if you get too lazy in life. Your posts should be a lesson to other young guys
I have been anything but lazy and have been tirelessly trying to improve the past half decade. What do you advise for me to fulfill my goals?
Why keep talking to him? It's obvious he's just trying to troll.
I would advise you to keep ignoring advice and to keep making threads like this to show what happens to lazy men. Every single one of your posts is just an excuse or an argument for the sake of being edgy. We get lots of young edgy boys here on 4chan and they need to learn what happens if they let that negativity fester instead of actually trying to build relationships.
advice: ignored
thread: will be posted again tomorrow
flawless victory
