His landlord is also imaginary
When you summerise the threads like that they are absolutely dire
Not drivel. I only come here for SSM content
Do you think I'm in the wrong? Is she being unreasonable?
=============================
Are all women like this?
You posted this drivel in the last thread you fucking mong
First day?
His content is on youtube and it even has a live chat and comments, you drivel dribbling cretin.
Take a hint. We dont care
Got into an argument with a plumber today. Phoned up to complain he'd fixed my boiler in an unsafe way and he kept trying to take the piss out of me for not being able to do it myself. He said "even if I did do it unsafely, it's still a lot better than you could ever do."
Someone might. You seem to have some anger issues.
Big massive baby
You seem to have spouting drivel issues
I don't understand the issue. You have expressed yourself poorly
https://youtu.be/Tyua-JYSxpk [Embed]
Wow. Just wow. They are now making up bullshit like "someone said you have a knife" to intimidate them.
xD
xD
Why is Broadbridge so upset tonight?
Asked for weekend off, wife asked for week off, I've been penciled in for the day following this off. This has ruined her week and she's demanding I fix it.
Was this really worth a redo? You must be absolutely gobsmacked
Rent free you fucking brain dead spastic mong
Made a typo and it was annoying me.
Kek, it was far too obvious. Pretty dull actually. Very disappointed by Si Iosing the snooker, ticked everything off my to-do list for today and just bored now. See hypalinx is streaming on twitch so I've got that on in the background
23 posts and most of these have been done.
It was shippy having a tantrum all along lmao
Having a good night BN?
It's Broadbridge
He's not getting much action on /brit/ sperg posting about imaginary posters in the thread.
This was my first post since my post at 8:55 >>73142504
Saddo has been here all night
Mr Austin
xD
Broadbridge post the newsnight webm again. That will upset him.
Do the post with the newsnight.webm attached
Which poster is Shippy
Is there a way to stop those election card things coming in the post? I don't care about engaging in politicshit stuff and it winds me up they waste resources like this.
Mousenonce and Shippy fuming
Don't know lad, its all just accusations, speculations and drivel.
Cracking thread so far lads, keep up the good work all 8 of you
Shippy fuming tonight
She looks worryingly like my ex lmao
Evening lads. Feeling very bored ever since I lost my monitor for repairs. Need me gaming fix. Just been sat on yt the entire day, fooking hell. What you lads been upto?
&lt;Personality> upset and punching his bedroom door after the epic bants and bait
The post saying you being here to read every post 
xD
drivel off the charts this evening
Take a day off spam mong ffs
yeah this one is truly sloppy. 
general needs sending to trash.
Last thread lasted over a day. We've written off 10% of this thread in 30 minutes
Make it better then
Start posting porn
please look at the aforementioned post and tell me if they are of a sane persons typings or a mentally unwell Scottish mong who spams 4chan
Early night in beddingtons for me. Garn watch some YouTubes for a bit then garn snoozingtons.
Evening Footlad
im in bed fortress browsing and watching asmr lad but hello to you to x
who's that?
Don't really understand porn posting but the ones with "I LOVE TOSSING OFF" or whatever written over half of it are especially weird
The Laughing Auditor
Gibi finally has a 4k CAMERA 
coooor the pixels the data the fucking fresh look I can zoom in for Gibi yes
If you go to bed at 3am, it'll be an early night for you. May well end up at 5am/6am
Almost as obnoxious as uk meet the tyrants.
How long before Gibi starts getting neck and face tattoos
Really tempted to press the nuclear button tonight. If trips I'll do it. If dubs I'll commit to doing it by the end of summer
UKMTT is entertaining to watch though.
More larp from ruthmong.
the mong is narcissistic enough to do it and also has fuck you money but the money nose in her the yuppie that part of her knows how much that face makes her so I doubt the neck and face but her legs will look like a 13 yr olds school desk with all kinds of shit doodled on it haha grim
I never understood that. Most girls film on their latest iPhones. Doesn't it automatically do a 4K video? I see it's mostly 1080 or 720 when on YouTube. I guess they use so much storage from the thousands of selfies and have to record in lower quality.
Much prefer dmattaudneyilhdahdjrifiien myself
He is but he goes creating the trouble with his demeaner and calling people offensive names.
go to bed John fuck sake
Ruth made a few videos in 4K with her DSLR. Now if she'd just come back that would be womfy.
I might leave this board im fed up associating and talking with weird losers
Take a fucking day off will you?
Go to bed Abood ffs
She doesn't have any tattoos as far as I am aware and she's 23. She might get a tattoo on her arm to cover up the self-harm scars of her teenage years though.
wait you telling me you dont like your only social interaction being a pedo a stalker a mentally unwell spammer who spends all day on 4chan doing routines an unemployed leech helperturd who is in his mid 30s eating only brown and yellow foods and abusing drugs and the rest are all low iq bottom feeders. Oh and dont forget that mong foot runt who shits up the thread with his porn addiction.
New Goddess Gibi video just dropped cooooor. Raining heavy outside. Cats snuggled in next to me in beddingtons. It womfy x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=739CZnQIyFY [Embed]
You won't.
Abood is sound asleep at this time. He takes his sleep very seriously. Solid 8 hours a night he gets.
me when i see Abood
It 4K my leeeeed 4 times higher resolution 4 times more Gibi to see if that alright with you? X
I'm a straight white male living in England.
Wanna see the end of my dick?
You never post your catbergs
In 2021 I inherited a spinning jenny and wool carder from my grandmother. She was fucking loaded so it really infuriated me, to be fair I am the wealthiest of her 4 grandchildren, so to a degree it was understandable she'd think I need the money less, but it still felt like a rejection.
My 3 cousins got a 6 figure inheritance each, and they really lorded it over me. But I did find the spinning jenny and wool carder quite fascinating in an eccentric way. I decided I may as well make use of it so I start looking up raw wool and went to an auction. Bought a sack and carded it and spun the thread into a yarn. Made me very first jumper just in time for Christmas 2021 as gas prices were already starting to rise.
I had enough wool for a small jumper and sold it on eBay. Couldn't believe it sold for 26 bong. I only paid pennies for the wool and it took me less than 2 hours to make. Essentially I was getting 12 bong an hour profit for this. I went to another auction and bought a lot more wool in February 2022. Spend a weekend carding the lot and made loads of yarns of wool. Over the course of last year my business on eBay has been really successful, and I've ever started a small YouTube channel teaching people how to knit. For the 2022/2023 tax year I made a total of 92,106 all in all, combined sales from eBay, YouTube revenue, Patreon subscribers and my knitting course. In the end I gained a lot more being left an old trinket than a hundred grand in cash could have ever given me.
They love Abood up at the air show. Well liked lad.
Go to bed Greg ffs
People like that can only dream of getting white girls. That's why they worship white asmrtists.
Im shopping for a new community right now. As soon as I find one im out
fuck off back to Brit mouse nonce you sick cunt same Mong who floods on Brit
she would look great with a QoS tat
who the fuck is 'mouse nonce'
There are some comfy generals on /tv/ and /g/
Kill yourself you unwell cunt look forward to you being locked up for being a stalker cunt
Sounds like somebody learned the word "cunt" today
Why are you so angry tonight Broadbridge?
Photoshop lad do your magic if you're about
There's a small forum I use but I don't wanna say its name here since it's very comfy and you mongs would ruin it. It is quite slow though.
I'll never know the real story behind laurel dreams' scarred arms. She deleted the pics so it's clear the subject still brings back bad memories.
why are her arms so dirty?
If I was a stalker I'd be getting the train to see her.
No you wouldn't, you're too scared to leave your stinky childhood bedroom.
Off to bed night xx
I had to enhance the pic as you couldn't see them well with the lighting. The scars look quite old (possibly from her early teenage years before she moved to England).
NN Footchad x
I don't see the point really. It's not like life really gets that much better by going outside.
I wonder what's happening in 'that city' now.
If you must know, Michael Lane posted a photo on Instagram or him staying at a 5 star hotel living it up.
So, what instruments do you lads play?
Time is really ticking fast uezs
Those look like razor blade marks. She didn't even do it the right way.
That's a name I haven't heard in a few years
You'll never know how to get a shag
I don't get it. Quality of Service?
I twang my guitar and my bass guitar, I'm not amazing at either but it's a lot of fun. Probably my favourite thing to do
Is she the Turkish girl?
Every day is a day off for us neet incels.
Yeah she came here to study and now wants to live here. So she's got herself a British bf to accelerate the citizenship process.
i thought you were going to bed spam mong
What makes you so sure that's the only reason she's with him?
He looks very tall.
"everyone is spam mong" is a low point for the /britfeel/ writing team honestly
Never said I was, I normally go to bed around midnight but night stay up a little later tonight
True that but women have a surplus of really attractive men to pick from on dating apps. Most dating apps are 90% men. Men don't even care if the girl is employed or not. That's what happens when there are too many men. Women end up being very selective.
Women only date men when they can get something out of said man. I have nothing to offer so I am ignored. It is unfair and means Chad gets women on average while nice humble guys like me get left behind.
An expenses scandal waiting to happen
He's an expert when it comes to men on dating apps.
It's not the only reason but I know she definitely plans to stay here. She has Muslim members of her family who do not approve of her ways.
He's quite tall. About 6ft. She's not that tall.
Laurel is 9 feet tall
Might just go to bed at midnight desu
She's also deleted videos with him in for some reason. Definitely something fishy going on. And she made many videos private on her channel.
No she isn't. Don't tell lies.
Yes she is I saw her. She is 9 feet tall and very strong
I was looking at her LinkedIn too and she's exaggerated some stuff there to make herself look good.
there's a channel by that name
If it wasn't for tinder, I'd probably be a 31 year old virgin. All my sexual success has come from there. Genuinely wouldn't have a clue how to talk to a woman IRL
Ok Chad. Chads gets laid. Big fucking surprise.
Like what?
Just feels like she's done too much considering her age. Not really want to go in specifics.
Mate anyone can get a shag on dating apps if you're willing to try
As I said, were it not for that app I'd be a chronic incel. I'm average looking at best and moderately autistic with minimal game.
Anyway, it's midnight now. I reckon she's on the alcohol.
If SSM can get a long-term girlfriend on dating apps, you can too.
Generally when I interact with women IRL they look repulsed by me, and give that 'I'm just being polite for profressionalism' vibe
Not a very flattering pic that
Anyone attractive enough. A female has so much to pick from. You only have to look at r/Tinder to see how many decent lads never get success.
Helen is autistic or desperate. SSM defiantly got lucky though
Literally everyone does that. You'd know if you weren't neet.
Wearing earmuffs during sex is more preferable to shagging ruthposter
SAD!
Less about luck, and more about persistence. It's a numbers game.
Last day of April to release the wuttingtons before NNM begins cooooor.
She's a decent 7/10 in most pics I'd say. Though I do prefer her 2021 looks.
The good thing about tinder/pof/okc is that you can send literally thousands of messages/swipes to women so 10,000 swipes/messages can translate to 30 conversations and 5 meetups.
Can't even imagine interacting with 10 women IRL, let alone 10,000
Lollers is a paedo and has a gf
You know if asmr never kicked off, she'd be in the camgirl scene.
And Tinder will do it's hardest to keep you single. Finding a relationship means they won't be getting any money from you. So they will do their best to sabotage it.
I guarantee if I was this persistent I still wouldn't get a date. But if I was some unemployed single mum, I'd get laid the same night I registered. Grim.
No he's not, you fibber.
Do you watch lotus eaters? I think connor said what you've just posted verbatim the other day.
Just imagine walking into a bar, with a carbon copy spiel, and saying it to every single woman in the space of 2 minutes. You'd be chucked out in minutes, but on dating sites that's how it works, flood 100 inboxes a night and you're guaranteed 1-3 conversations, maybe 10 if you're really lucky.
Nah she'd be a Twitch e-girl streamer most likely. That generates just as much betabux from simps as ASMR does.
Ruthmong giving Broadbridge a cheeky smile before they have their first gay experience together.
Nope I don't but what I said makes perfect sense from a capitalist perspective. They earn billions from lonely men. The app is not there to help you find love. It's there to make money. So they'll want to keep you invested in it at least for a good few years before maybe actually giving you something suitable as a match. Even then there's no guarantee.
Imagine being so soulless and capitalising love. No wonder more young men are single than ever before. It's time for them to pull out of society and stop contributing.
The day I lost my virginity aged 22, in the morning I installed a new dating app, and sent a message to about 30-40 women saying "Do you fancy a fuck tonight?", one replied "yeah xx" and then we arranged it. It was that simple
Occasional reminder virtually all single mothers choose to be single mothers
We need a non-profit dating app to be honest. This rarely works.
Was it an older woman? How did you say you never had sex before?
Depends what the motive is. Religious dating apps are available and they are motivated for the benefit of the community
I don't like Gibi. She's not for me but she keeps invading my dreams. She forces herself onto me and I don't like that. I tell her to get off but she continues. I never get my desired asmrtists in my dreams anymore.
She was 30, she never knew. Actually after the act during pillow talk she was saying she would never shag a virgin as they are too clingy. Funny thing is a week later she text me for a re-run and I deleted her
It's a lifestyle choice. More kids means more money and they get to keep their three bedroom house all paid for by the taxpayer. So fucking grim. They'll never get any respect from me.
You'll never get any respect from anyone
You must've been quite an attractive young lad.
I deserve more respect than the gigawelfare claimants known as the single mums. Don't give me that shit about it being hard work raising kids. You could've kept your legs shut or took the pill.
You deserve zero respect
The next time I see a single mum I'll be sure to say something nasty to them. Cunts deserve no respect.
Thought you was going to suggest an alternate method of contraception there, was priming myself to deploy a soi
These single mums go round driving, going out to show and dressing up like they're actually contributors of society.
You will wear the latex sheathe soi.
Society will get nothing from me unless it gives me a gf. I deserve love just like everyone else.
I certainly won't!
Every day
How dare they!
Do single mums not deserve love?
Glow was in my dreams the other night. Nothing sexual I just remember her being there. Lately my dreams have been very strange in general.
I have a single mum obsessed with me at the moment.
most of the women I've shagged have been single mums desu
I rimmed a single mum's anus once
Pretty grim this, don't want to see it on my computer screen
Too bad wanker
I had a lovely wank tonight actually
Good, next time be ready to be made wet
Good night Iads
Wish I was in Tottenham right now desu
Watched a few Gibi videos now I'm garn sleeps. Alarm set for 10am. Night lids x
Wish I was with Tim Eldridge tonight
