Autistic kids have a drastically higher chance of developing bipolar disorder. If you have autism you're basically guaranteed to become an emotional wreck as an adult
cool, autistic girls are still adorable
I read that autists have a 10% chance of developing bipolar disorder. You're still more likely to go free than not, but it's a scarily high number still. Developing bipolar disorder is one of the things I fear.
Well, that figures
Eh, it's just like throwing a napkin on a fifty-foot tall raging tire fire. Autism is co-morbid with so much shit, whether it happens due to autism or just the treatment autistic people get from those around them that causes psychosis. Without a huge support team helping you every step of the way, you're SO FUCKED as an autistic adult.
I'd trade my PTSD, avoidant PD, narcissistic PD, paranoia, OCD (the intrusive thought kind, not the "I need to straighten a crooked picture" kind), and maladaptive daydreaming for Bi-polar in a hot minute. At least I'd be manic some of the time, that sounds kind of fun. I currently have uni-polar disorder, everything's at the shitty pole all the time.
I don't think it has to be caused by autism or the treatment autistic people get.
I think a large part of it is just that they have a common root cause. It may just be that the genes for brain development are broken, which is what leads to autism, but it also leads to all the other things.
It's possible the percentage is higher. There's three different diagnosis of bipolar disorder. most people who have it go undiagnosed, and some symptoms can be mistaken as symptoms of autism. For example if you are type 2 bipolar and are having a hypomanic episode it might be written off as stimming and being a bit rambunctious or if you're depressed it might be written off as just being depressed because you're lonely
In addition to bipolar disorder, epilepsy is another thing autists are extremely likely to get and that can develop at any point in your life. It's also one of the most common causes of death for autists. Another thing to be afraid of.
I'm high functioning autistic and have no mental issues other than that.
I'm a bit similar, but you are never safe from bipolar, it's something that can develop at any age. It's not like something like adhd, where if you don't have it, you know you dodged it.
