Tldr: demoralization campaigns against white men are destroying the white race
we arent "unworthy" of white women, we just dont fucking want them anymore. it's like when you try kansas city bbq for the first time and realize that bullshit your dad made was unseasoned and tastes like shit.
I find it insane how white losers online talk about "demoralization" but then racism or dehumanizing black people isn't real AND has no effect on them
I'm a mutt, so I'm immune to racial demoralization propaganda.
you're turning to the dark side here anon
Pretty much this. I want a White girlfriend but I dont think I will ever find a 90lbs,Christian extemist,gun loving white woman. I found a Chinese woman who is like that and sure it may not be ideal racially but those are all compatible with my ideals and thats enough for me.
they also say representation in media and elsewhere doesn't matter then post "wow that's literally me" for any representation of a loser white dude in media and hail the piece of media as something profound.
Congrats on creating more chinks, europe and the US is gonna look like Central Asia soon
Im just disappointed that normies can be too stupid to not notice this shit
You have to realize white 4chan users are literally delusional. They talk about how they can get any girl by virtue of being white, yet have never seen a vagina in real life. They claim black men are undesirable, despite millions of zoomer girls making videos thirsting over black guys online. They claim blacks have small dicks and will trawl Google for hours trying to find rare pictures of black men with small dicks and then will make a whole ass collage of it. They claim people only hate blacks because they commit a lot of crime, when whites were still attacking and killing blacks even when they were behaving like angels back in the 30s and 40s. They will claim lookism is real and normies judging them on their looks damages mens mental health, but claim racism isnt real and is harmless, and partake in being racist towards others all the time. White guys on this site are quite literally delusional. They will lie, cope, bend reality to fit their delusions, and dismiss everything that goes against their warped worldview as fake, inaccurate etc. You cannot reason with these lunatics, logic eludes them entirely.
Based af
Does the Eurasian future scare you that much?
This is why white extinction is a good thing and everyone agrees. Whites are walking fossils.
You realize hapas dont even constitute 1% of US births right? And in Europe, its even lower, like 0.1%. Go outside, barely anyone is actually racemixing. Only the losers on this board are obsessed with it, and keep spamming the same cherrypicked mixed couples over and over and over again. In reality most white people date and have kids with each other and most Asians date and have kids with each other.
Look man I don't think I'm unworthy of shit.
It's just the fat black asses make my pp the big pp.
don't care, better to have 3 50% white babies than 0 100% babies.
This gives me a boner.
Never change zoomers
Go back to /pol/ with this shit retard.
This is a really neat glowie bait thread.
Well done
gb2/pol fag
You're not wrong, but it's largely motivated by misplaced idealism. A lot of people think we live in a post history environment and take for granted the stability post WWII. Other races and countries do not have the same mentality as the west, or even a desire to strive for a post history world. Add to that capitalism and 'enlightened' people thinking race and cultural identity don't matter, and you get an apathetic, wealthy class which functionally only cares about their own hedonism, and virtue signals by pretending to care about a post history world. 
Empathy and letting people take advantage of you are not the same thing, and that is where the west has gone tragically wrong. We pretend like game theory doesn't exist in practice while every other race and cultural group relentlessly practices it against us under the guise that they are striving for post history. The truth is the world is a really ugly place and many people see good natured idealism as weakness to be exploited. The answer isn't to go to the opposite extreme, but pretending like we live in post history, especially with rising powers who are functionally psychopathic is just asking for mass suffering. We don't have to be brutal, but pretending like we already live in post history is a really good way to delay or even stop the arrival of post history
