What are YOU doing to help save western civilization from collapse?
teaching English in Japan then getting married to stay on a spousal visa
Why would I want to save a rotten empire already eaten by the jews from the inside out? instead of trying to save a lost cause, we should be focusing our efforts on preventing them from doing it to the next one.
Moving to the woods and becoming self sufficient. Bring every book I can, transcribe everything I deem of worth, bring all internet happenings and as much of the pictures and webms as I can on a ton of hard drives, etc. I will then die alone, or, if god wills it, teach the old world to any who may stumble upon me. This world is too beautiful to let it go. I can't move on. I'll never have to.
It can't be saved. The best move to is go somewhere else
Just existing and giving my opinion. It helps a lot when you see people sharing your views. Once you lose hope, you lose everything. I wont let down whoever will be born and grow up to be powerful enough to change the world
I want civilization to collapse because if Im not happy nobody deserves happiness
Nice kek, thank you.
making threads about the joos on /pol/
You can only shit on someone so much until hey become apathetic
There's only so much you can do to save the civilization built on house of cards. 
I do have plan how to do it, but I know that both left and right would reject it. So currently I'm politically homeless and just watching the society slowly dig its own grave
nothing. i am making my way through it while my dollar is still worth something and my stomach is full. neither of those will last, i know, which is why i am doing what i can to enjoy it
One fucking turn of revolution and we get the best civics. Just let the collapse hit, please.
Nothing. Who gives a shit about helping people?
nothing, if anything i am contributing to it
I peed on a financial building today >:3
It's unlikely that I alone will be able to prevent the collapse of Western civilization. I don't really have an answer for how to prevent Western civilization from collapsing.
What I do have is a way to rebuild from the ashes , and I work tirelessly around-the-clock to make that happen.
Leeching off sexhavers taxes lmao
Glad you asked. I waste away watching Youtube 16 hours a day and will never reproduce. The West will be saved in no time!
I'm making sure to sink it further by not only refusing to contribute but by claiming everything I can in order to suck from the gov resources that soon women will be paying for as a majority.
Nothing. The people are stupid and unable to be saved. Anyone of value already knows what to do.
