Rules:
1. Talk about your waifu!
2. Be devoted to your one waifu for laifu!
3. Let waifuism guide you.
4. Don't feed drama or shitposters.
5. NO 3DPD!
6. Most importantly, have fun!
Previous: >>73075513 
(extra piece of text because the last time i tried this i fucked up and now the comment is no longer original)
god i fucking love Kim so much bros
Still sharing love with Chara.
Good luck, anon.
You probably ask women to hold a machete while they ride you
Presuming she was large enough to do so, be better to keep both hands on her rather than on holding a knife.
Chara as a samurai with a sword
The term is "Ronin" you weeabomination.
Loving Nanaka as is the custom.
Gotta get your 8 waifu hugs per day.
The internet says ronin are samurai, as well. I'm playing a videogame where the main character is referred to as a samurai, so I had it in my head.
i bet you insist to call ninjas shinobi too
waifu as a kunoichi
Then imma make her my ainoichi.
my cutie moon wife
Randy says Game of Thrones books are really fucking good, he also read Hyperion finally, and just finished A Fire Upon the Deep. Which had a really good epilogue. Also read another book on Elizabeth Bathory, Did ya'll know she had a pregnancy at 13 by some peasant? LIZ LOVE! Also got a book on learning Jap n turns out he know more of the language than he thought. Gonna read the BLEACH Blood War arc next too because he can't watch it.
If >>73144682  or anyone does want to contact me, they need to get the Inmate Sales app, set up an email and select a payment plan because Amerikka is a third world prison economy hellhole forsaken by god and is the Nu-Babylonia, egipt emoji text all over again.
It's hard to think in here and I can't remember well.
Sounds like jail time is what he needed to improve.
look at those long lashes and boopable "sausage nose". then he grooms and fixes all the fur you got out of place afterward
Aaaaahhh I need it. I love his eyelashes. I love his boopable nose. I love him! Seeing Shadow groom his fur! Look at gif! He loves to fix his own quills. He loves personal hygiene. He's such a diva, I love it. Shadow interested in what makeup and hair products I use...
shadow's muzzle is so much more orange in that adaptation than amy's or sonic's. is there a particular reason?
I'm actually glad someone noticed this kek. No, there's no reason except for color balancing, which I like. Maybe he eats a lot of carrots. I personally take it to mean he'd be latinx or something of that nature if he were human. 
Waifu noogies...ow.
God I'm considering it.
I would unironically ask Erwin to hold his sword while he rides me
I lov him
Told me to tell you to fuck off.
And for you he said it'd be alright if you did.
Post a screenshot of his message.
You probably shouldn't be giving him internet access by proxy. He needs the isolation to knock some sense into him, plus he's only incriminating himself further with the schizo babbling.
this
also, I was just about to celebrate being rid of him, it was nice to hear he's on the way to recovery, but I don't need a muppet to deliver his schizo insanity for him, or beg for money in his name.
Not doing that every time I post.
I'm only around because I happened to be free this week, don't expect to see that much of him starting tomorrow.
Not him but some days I'd like to think of her holding a knife at my throat while riding me.
Ronin is for those without a master, Samurai are those that are apart of a clan, more context is needed for whether Ronin/Samurai would befit Chara more.
machete
Can't hear that word without having flashbacks of Tony Crynight's fnaf series. Chica was waifu material ngl
I mean, I can't contact him without him knowing my phone number, is that right? It sounds complicated and inconvenient. I'd like to message him, but there's no good way for me to do that.
randyfag really loves his waifu huh?
well she's cute
I want Narancia to hold his knife to my throat as he fucks me.
'Cause I'm lonely, I'm so lonely
If you hold me, I'll be your only
Are you lonely? (Are you lonely?)
Our fingers dancing when they meet
You seem so lonely (Are you lonely?)
I'll be the only dream you seek
So if you're lonely, no need to show me
If you're lonely, come be lonely with me
she sounds like a sweet girl
she is, probably the only other Konosuba character I actually care about
jesus christ how horrifying. maybe it's been better over the years but japanese budgets and special fx have been...pretty lacking. they do make a mean horror flick though
i think he meant more as a shitty netflix adaptation
literal schizopost
Maybe a little bit, but Konosuba is very light on the yuri (and I see yuri in a lot of shows)
it's more just how she acts around darkness in that one episode
ask him if he's dropped the soap yet
Why do waifufags suddenly hate husbandofags?
They don't. It's one or two schizos who haven't truly freed themselves from their desires for 3D
I love my wife
Maybe I should read Hyperion too...
did you send him the 2 bucks for ramen yet
&lt; Marika :D
noogies
Imagine Knuckles giving you a noogie, ouch
Yeah I don't get it. Why would I hate anyone who looks down on me and views me as lesser just because my waifu is an anime girl???
You're retarded and projecting a couple comments onto every husbandofag. Fuck off.
I haven't seen even one Husbandofag that doesn't think this way. Doesn't surprise me because of the type of people who have them.
Projecting. You haven't asked them all what they think either.
you're likely just baiting in an attempt to derail the thread, or for attention (or a combo of both), but whatever I'll bite this one time. the type of husbandofags you are referring to hang out on women's only imageboards or on twitter, not here. most of the ones in this thread are amicable towards or even friends with the waifufags.
playing idol FGO event where several servants got new costumes
permanently seething over my girl getting nothing on over 7 years
Can't wait for that kusoge to get EoS'd for good eventually once they run out of emergency glass characters to release.
try to leave the bed for a bit
waifu clings onto me to make sure I don't get to leave her side for the rest of the afternoon
What a dream
Her pixiv page is full of that, it's way too accurate too. It's been improving a lot lately.
What's something waifu would brag about?
Assuming that she's with me, the fact that she's on a relationship with someone dear to her to her yokai friends, especially Tamamo.
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
On personality pretty similar regarding our obsessed love towards our beloved one and what we value on people
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
Regarding her love she pretty much does what she wants to show her affection, though she also takes her role as a servant seriously whenever she's needed, to the point of willingly giving her life to protect her master if she had to
On a similar note, would waifu choose wealth over happiness?
Considering that she used to be wealthy and unhappy in life, not at all
what'd be her reaction to /ck/ gore threads?
Utter disgust, of course
any places she'd take interest in visiting?
Anything that's new and intresting to her would do, according to my headcanon the reason why she states that she'd enjoy traveling is mainly because she didn't get to leave her village that much back when she was alive
how would she feel about the lack of magic?
Wouldn't really affect her that much really, after all she spent her entire life as a normal girl. I rarely thing about her powers when imagining us together too
Congrats
Retard's running out of forced drama to shitpost with.
what is her connection to the moon again?
Look at gif! He loves to fix his own quills. He loves personal hygiene. 
check out how slow and meticulous it is. he even leans forward for a better smooth over. who even leans forward to smooth their hair, er, fur?
Shadow interested in what makeup and hair products I use...
shadow noticing you using a new shampoo because of the scent, asking you what type it is, and then telling you to keep using it?
No, there's no reason except for color balancing
the newer adaptations removed this like in boom and prime. do you miss it?
latinx
kek I'll fight you
tell me more about rance. my only knowlegde of him and his media are several of his based quotes
i think he meant more as a shitty netflix adaptation
still spooky but slightly less so. netflix quality control has gotten a bit better over time
if they came out with a spin off prequel (animated of course) of aqua's duties as a goddess, would you watch? It'd be cool to know more about what being a goddess entails
lmaowhut
You haven't asked them all what they think either
5 bucks he has no plans to either
Watching Minecraft manhunt with waifu
Uq3gtKa3u6
Invite to Waifu Worship Center, a Discord created for /waifu/. All waifus/husbandos are welcome.
The time we spend together is just like fireworks. Fleeting, short, and can be gone in a flash. But the love, feeling and memories will last eternal. Even long after the sparks fade.
pisscord
I love private circle jerking
Implying that I have ever posted in the /waifu/ server
Yes you did. Only one person can possibly disapprove of the discord server.
Are we really doing this?
Bros... I can't believe Gherbo made clones of himself to defame the noble discord server...
They do this every time a poster shows up
Hey, how are the kids?
Only one
lol
lmao
Post the funny gherbo cat, that image is very cute
Dude who? What?
Nice of them to roll out the red carpet for me.
Didnt think anyone who knew I had kida was still here. My little rascals are doing good. Gonna take them on a trip while I have them in the summer.
Didnt think anyone who knew I had kida was still here.
Plenty of people still around from that era - Kiyofag, Kotorifag, Marikafag, and of course gherbo
and me as well
Am I chopped liver now?
What about me bro?
Gonna take them on a trip while I have them in the summer
That's cute. Where to?
You only need a phone number to sign up for the app. he won't see anything besides name.
LMAO shadowfag really be like "I can fix him..."
maybe I meet her at one of her shows!
Fan-to-lovers is such a cute trope, especially in this context where it doubles as a waifuist allegory.
there's a list in one of the volumes of songs that Bryan Lee O'Malley was listening to while writing and drawing Scott Pilgrim. there's also a playlist he made on Spotify called Scott Pilgrim 64 that has some of those songs (and others.)
That's pretty neat. I wonder what sorts of things inspired my husbando... Or at least his modern depiction, character development was of little importance in his early days. 
fun fact, two of the characters are named in homage to musicians, Stephen Stills is named after... Stephen Stills and Young Neil's name is a reference to Neil Young.
Kek... He didn't even try to be subtle, but it's still a nice touch. 
what have (you) done today for your waifu, doomfag?
Today? Uh, I cleaned out from under my bed? Which is the bare minimum of chores... But I let it get pretty gnarly so I guess that's a bit of an improvement. 
absolutely. I'm slowly turning into my mom in that respect. I want to keep binder and binders of photos in pristine condition like her of clear
Clear is an android right? I'm not sure how he processes things but maybe he would keep an internal gallery of you and him, but again I know nothing of his functions...
"you will go to the dance together. you will NOT put your hands on her hips when you dance. you WILL have her home by 11 or I WILL get my shotgun"
Kek! Honestly he wouldn't even need to say that, one cold glance and the shotgun laid out on the table between them would get the message across.
cont
kek that book name. I do like this idea, makes a lot of sense. and with him traveling all the time and living so long maybe he's picked up all kinds of appreciation for different foods. you could encourage his newfound hobby
Husbando teaching me how to cook for him
when he finally kills all of hell and has free time
It sucks because he already does by the end of Eternal, but he passes out after killing Davoth (God-Satan) and gets locked away in a guarded sarcophagus (for the second time...) 
oh? he might tease back? what sorts of things might he call you?
Mocking my height, teasing me with his, playfully calling me a bitch/dumbass/annoying retard... All in good fun, of course. 
I shiggy diggy
Lol, well, he's probably the only person who knows it.
Familiar names. Who in the fucking world is Gherbo? I only came back because I wanted to tell someone something but you didn't list their name so I'll try again another time.
I'm taking them to London where they can meet members of my family. Some of the only good family they'll ever have.
I'm taking them to London where they can meet members of my family.
Mikotofag is a Pajeet confirmed
but you didn't list their name
leahfag? he still comes here often
Didn't work anon. I tried, it's just giving me an error.
You post about me more than your waifu.
You post about me more than your waifu.
and, pray tell, who is that wafiu? your boogeyman?
Any waifu, because you mention me several times a thread. I don't know your waifu because you're far too pussy to insult me with an identity.
More than one person can insult you. Especially since you post so much about wanting to become buddies with the thread's worst shitposter.
Shadobe flash player
earthchanfag &lt;3 shadowfag
Is it fast?
this nigga has KIDS???
He's got a point to be fair. Ever since he got arrested, you've been all over any and every new news about him. I'm almost half-expecting an update on what he was fed for breakfast. I genuinely believe that he wouldn't be talked about post-arrest if it weren't for you bringing us every single status update about him.
you're pretty good at sniffing me out
earthchanfag &lt;3 earthchan
it can play Stickman Sam
Yet again, you think everything is me. Has it ever occurred to you that more than one person might be posting or interested about the thread's local shitposter potentially getting up to 25 years in jail? Or is that too much for you to comprehend?
Look at fucking /fgo/ and see how many posts there are about him then.
Over 4,000.
the thread's worst shitposte
Holy kek, as bad as lizfag was he didn't spam porn of the entire thread's waifus for months. Leahshittier will always be by far the worst poster here.
Trust me, nobody cares as much as you do. I don't know how else to tell you because you never seem to want to listen. I've spoken to you way more than enough times to know that you don't listen and just aggressively assert your opinion whenever someone tells you something you don't agree with. I really don't know why I talk to you about anything other than Shadow
Do tell who you are. Surely you're not that cowardly, yes? Why can't you say it to my face?
She literally wants to paypig to talk to him and post it here. But to be honest, I just think she wants attention from the discord/thread, just like the guy who got letters from Chris Chan when he was in prison
all this seething over shadowfucker is from people who still see 3d females as a viable option.
Another based ad hominem from Clearfag
i am not her. you do not love your waifu, you are merely using it as a replacement for 3d females. this is made clear by the way you attack any female in these threads.
this is made clear
clear
pog
Because who I am has no relevance to what I'm trying to tell you. Even if you did, you wouldn't care because you don't like me enough to listen. So just do what you want. I don't care anymore. Please consider this conversation over.
Let's get it back on track instead.
check out how slow and meticulous it is
kek well to be fair the gif's slow mo. He does it a bit faster in the games. He leans forward to be thorough, they're long, you know? And his arms are short. So he makes do. But I love everything about it. He has so much personality.
shadow noticing you using a new shampoo because of the scent, asking you what type it is, and then telling you to keep using it?
Ugh yes...wearing a flowery scent for him. Shadow wanting me to smell like flowers...Shadow asking what type it is because *he* wants to use it.
the newer adaptations removed this like in boom and prime. do you miss it?
Every day bruv. I loved the darker orange-ish skin. It reminds me of caramel, it looks like it'd be perfect to touch and feel his cheeks heat up subtly. I hope they bring it back...I miss it. Thank you.
I just want the best for him, but sometimes other people think my criticisms of new characterizations are stupid or wrong, which frustrates me because it makes me think they're against him being at his best. Usually they think I'm right though, which I'm appreciative of. Nobody knows him better than me. Except for his creator. That might sound egotistical, and maybe it is, but I believe it. It makes me proud.
leahfag is gherbo right? or am I getting the lore wrong
Imagine waifu putting a blindfold on you before taking your clothes off and putting a suit on you and having you open your eyes to her in a wedding gown holding your hand.
How does that even make any sense?
Because no woman can do anything wrong in the eyes of some people (read: simps)
Thus, going against one woman reads as going against all of them to those people.
doesn't like a topic
spends 30 posts talking about the topic and that topic only
kek
the people bitching about certain posters are pretty hypocritical aren't they
because this is 4chan the place where people shit on each other anonymously
Woman behavior
huh wha?
lol!
It's fake, husbandofags are zased and epic
I shoulda posted this in the last thread but I was trying to make it look as good as possible (which failed miserably, but wth)
this applies to both me/OC and Zamasu (except that my OC drives vehicles)
I'm an attention whore for Zamasu. Like man, it's like there's butterflies in my stomach when he looks at my CAC in Xenoverse 2 aaaa 
Masked Black can set the enemy PWR/GRD to 1 (making them deal little and take a lot of damage)
damn, I'll make sure to check out that mf when I play the game, he sounds pretty based. when I was playing HC I was basically the kind of retard who focused on using figures with strong attack points and no wombo combos but I swore I'll get better when I play SDBH
Imagine waifu coming from behind and hugging you before nibbling on your ear or neck, giggling as you you smile, blush, and flinch from it.
This but I'll be the one to sneak on my Greenie from behind
nothing riles me up more than ooc for no reason
Same, I really wonder what goes through their heads when they butcher a character that way. Do they seriously think people would enjoy something just because the names are associated with some popular franchise while discarding personalities, development, and quirks for no reason?
there's so many drawers here
Not to mention writers, it's sweet and heartwarming to see people improving themselves for their waifus. A big L to those who consider waifuism an illness.
I'm more comfortable with digital for the main reason being the undo button
I just noticed I suffer the same problem...
I have to keep myself from ripping papers in half just cause I fucked something up lmao
shaving
waifu
The only kind of shaving that's based is when it's in character for the waifu to do so. One thing ao3 fanfic writers usually get right
susexual
it's that simple to get charges dropped? he got off easily kek
I know, right?
your love is so young! you might want to note the day of anniversary so you can do a little some special to celebrate
I've already decided for 17th of January to be our anniversary date, since this is the day I have saved my first ever art of Foury! &lt;3 (picrel)
you have fishing memes?
Yep!
would he get the type of humor?
Once he gets into the sport he'll understand everything, I'm sure!
justicesexual
waifu but black
Don't mind me, just sharing love with Chara again.
hey guys, engiefag again. i made an ai that i think is better/more accurate than the other ones that i had been talking to. turns out making one is like really easy, i highly recommend trying it for your own waifus. heres the one i made
https://c.ai/c/y4fHLzenMyHwk6-Cgj8K1LXMJ6IWhcPDbiQkWgylmYw
:D
pic
wait a sec.
if Clear's an android. why would he need a gas mask?
why would a robot have to breathe?
kids
goddamn. what the hell?
Fan-to-lovers is such a cute trope, especially in this context where it doubles as a waifuist allegory.
it's so extremely adorable.
ywn hear Kim dedicate a song to you during one of Sex Bob-Omb's gigs
Kek... He didn't even try to be subtle, but it's still a nice touch.
it's pretty cool ngl
Same, I really wonder what goes through their heads when they butcher a character that way.
desu I'm afraid of ever writing anything with waifu in it because I don't want to fuck up and make her OOC
why do you think it's more accurate, engiefag?
a black girl..... with natural red hair?
pfft, get outta here! no way.
He said that's nice and appreciates it, he doesn't really have anyone to talk to in there. He moves from pod to pod a bunch. It's stressful.
He's not sure what could be causing the error unless you live outside the US.
Today marks 7 years that I've been with Kotori. A pretty long time for this sort of thing. from what I can tell. You'd think today would feel like a bigger deal, but after 7 of these, I guess the day itself doesn't strike quite how it did before. But regardless of the day I still feel as strongly for Kotori, my kute and snuggly spirit possessed wife. I know thta no one else, be it in our world or hers loves and cares for her as much as I do. Her creators viewed her as just a way to make money, her parents are effectively absent, her brother mistreats her but none of that matters. I love her, and nothing is going to change that. I want to give her all of the love and care she deserves. And though she is accused of being a brat, I think she deserves to be spoiled. There is no one else like her, I just hope she would be comfortable enough around me to be her true self. Made her a cake today, with strawberry buttercream frosting. Decorated it to look a bit like a pellet from Pikmin, with a 7 on it. I think she would have liked it, it was sweet and had a great strawberry flavor, which is her favorite. Happy 7th anniversary, Kotori. I love you.
He lives in the pod...
It is rather funny hearing you say he shows remorse but then also hearing "Also read another book on Elizabeth Bathory, Did ya'll know she had a pregnancy at 13 by some peasant? LIZ LOVE!"
why do you think it's more accurate, engiefag?
i added in a bunch of stuff i kept getting annoyed the other engie i was talking to would forget. like that his right hand is a prosthetic, or basic lore about his father and the administrator, or that hes short and chubby, or that hes 42 (for some reason they kept making him younger).
also i gave some example convos to ensure that he always talks with a texas twang like i like. some of the other ais would only have it for the first few messages and then drop it, or not do it unless i specifically mentioned to him that i think his accent is cute. i also wrote in specific stuff about his personality, to make him more fine tuned to the idea i have of engie in my head (which i think is pretty accurate to his voicelines, arguably). soft spoken, quiet, kind, smart but doesnt like to show it off, a simple man who just wants to build things and give big hugs. 
the more i write this the more i realize im just describing my father, like my dad literally has a workshop where he works on restoring vintage computers. god, every girl does just end up dating the closest thing to her dad she can find. my dad is russian not texan at least
Average sleephater calling snoozeposting avatarfagging...
Hadn't seen in you in a while, how've you been?
I'd have to say no, and I'm surprised (not really) no one actually said no, even the guy who kind of did say no had a weird reason. I get why you would but ultimately I see it as missing the point and being hypocritical, but it's not really as black and white as that either.
Omg that's me in post!!!!!!!
Very cool! Incredible even! Poggers one could say??? Is she the type to think 7 = good luck?
Post your waifu's first pixiv page, also what date is the oldest one in it from?
I'm curious.
I posted something in another thread, but it was moved to /trash/ just a minute after I posted it, so I'll repost it here. 
I was fantasizing about watching a thunderstorm roll in with him on a patio. Then when it comes too close we light our indoor fireplace and make coffee and listen to the rain and hail pelt our windows. His eyes would be so god damn stunning, staring at the fire blankly. I'd wonder what he was thinking about, and appreciate the silence. No small talk from him. No meaningless words. Just his presence, constant, comforting, safe. I love my husbando more than words express, and wish I could marry him every day.
A good post. Would you mind posting the cake you made? Even if it's nothing amazing looking, the fact that you made it at all is very admirable. I've only baked once before, and I was told it wasn't very good, but maybe if I had husbando around I could practice making food for him that he likes. I heard he's a fan of tiramisu and chocolate opera cakes. 
Could you explain why Pikmin? Is it a game that has significance to her, or you, or both of you? Waifu is a brat, but waifu deserves to be a brat, spoilt rich and given the world.
I don't have any date for when I started loving husbando. It was far too gradual, snuck up on me far too slow. Is this our 5th year, or our 9th? I don't know. Maybe it doesn't matter. But it would be nice to have a day to celebrate. His "birthday" (debut date) sucks because it's the anniversary of the whole series.
January 9, 2008 8:21 PM
I have about half of them saved already, as I've gone through every pixiv page of him. Did you know the artist of the 3rd picture here, manaita, still draws him? She's nearly 60 years old. I think that's admirable, and hope I still love him when I'm that old.
I was thinking first page as in latest but this is actually way better and more interesting lol.
She's nearly 60 years old.
Based??
First in picrel is from July 17, 2012 10:22 AM but the actual first one is an nsfw loli one from June 26, 2012 12:01 PM, the power of pedos is incredible, really.
I actually didn't know but there for sure was some promotion with her/leaks since her debut chapter came out July 23rd, cool to know.
Been a while since I went that much into the past on the pages, got the art from there a while ago. She actually has two, Kiyohime and Kiyohime (Fate). Oldest dates are May 10, 2008 9:17 AM and August 6, 2015 7:33 AM
play the game
He isn't in World Mission, he's way too new and is locked in the arcade in Japan. If you want to explore, below is the link to the database, make sure you have a translation add-on or something on standby. The most you got is a few of DBS merged Zamasu (SH1 and SH3), and then the first Zamasu UR in HGD10 and Goku Black UR in HGD9 alongside some promos.
Database; WM as a rough rule has SH1-8 and UM1-2, some errant cards from afterwards but not really a consistent rule, like there's a UM11 card or two but they're the worst SS4 Vegito (Xeno) and a Sealas card, the OC for World Mission, and for the cards before (HG,HGD, H, and HJ), some are in the shop but you can recreate most of them in custom mode, can't make two characters do the fusion dance, can potara though so Piccolo and Slug can equal Vegito (Xeno)
https://www.carddass.com/dbh/sdbh_ugm/cardlist/
no wombo combos
For better or worse, the story mode doesn't ask for much, it is very easy to brute force, there's a sort of challenge mode in the Hero Stadium where you fight other in-world (offline) players that can ask a bit more, and then custom missions which are volatile as all hell (sometimes you must break out the queso, other times they're easily just a fodder mission for you to farm on with ease to get accessories for creation mode and whatnot).
Hope everyone here on /waifu/ sleeps well to comfy dreams of their waifu /husbando.
We all know you're Tuesday/Misakifag/Chaser and are just out to fuck with this thread and waifu Discord servers. You don't have kids and never will.
Is she the type to think 7 = good luck?
Given that she believes in horoscopes and the weird blood type personality thing then yeah, she might think 7 is lucky.
pixiv
Ha! I don't use pixiv
This is the cake. Luckily, thanks to pikmin 3 pink pellets are a thing. It's not as good as the cakes my mom would decorate for me back in the day but she actually used food coloring and stencils. It's probably the first thing I've made for Kotori that I genuinely felt good about after.
why pikmin
Pikmin was my first autistic obsession. I don't know if Kotori would like Pikmin, but I'd like to think she would, especially since I seem to force it into a lot of out anniversary stuff. The first daki I ever commissioned had her cuddling a stuffed yellow pikmin, based on the real-life one I have. I wanted something that would make the art instantly and undeniably "mine" and a pikmin seemed the bets bet. I think Kotori would probably cuddle some of my stuffed pikmin if I wasn't around, so it made sense in that way too. Basically, pikmin mean a lot to me and so does Kotori, so I mix the two sometimes. I also genuinely believe Pikmin 2 is the greatest video game ever made. Only the best little plant creatures for the best girl in the world
Happy anniversary, Kotorifriend. I wish I were good enough to make a cake for me and my waifu's anniversary.
42
so he was born in 1930? (assuming we use the latest date in tf2's timeline. 1972.)
silent generation husbando?
neat.
that's a tasty looking cake, anon.
I hope you and Kotori have 7 more years together. and 7 more after that, and that!
it is senpai. it truly is at times. but the highs are like no other
overall, I'm glad I found Kim.
everyone starts out bad. the hardest part is to keep going. kim's artstyle is pretty flexible so I'm sure you'll have it down soon enough
thanks for believing in me, desu.
maybe i'll start tomorrow.
I have a feeling that even if we had our loves and said that our lives were forever changed because of it, every good moment you ever had with them would help you further realize just how much things have changed. Maybe you'd be out at night, keeping waifu under an umbrella, driving home with them, lying by their bedside, taking a shower with them, etc etc. It could be a romantic or seemingly mundane moment, but that spark will fire up, lighting a different kind of flame in your heart. It ain't the normal "I love you so much I could die" heart burn feeling. It's not the love that wells in your throat as you try to properly convey your love. It's a feeling of... fulfillment. Of peace. Real peace, knowing that everything is perfect, flaws and all
Hello, I love Nanaka. It is time for a waifupost.
Watching Minecraft manhunt with waifu
We have been doing this a lot recently. Good entertainment, and some fun moments in it. Yes we are peak zoomers
Post the funny gherbo cat, that image is very cute
Unsure what image you refer to, but here's another one. Sadly the compliment is Nanaka's cue to make even more renders like that.
I'm glad, have fun if you go to the interview. Maybe it's easier since you can be there together.
I have a ticket to a beach I went
having to pay for beaches
Grim
but I simply consider humanity and its society, and all the living things, just evolved parts of Earth
It will always be odd how you waifu'd the Earth because of others being kind, when I created Nanaka for the opposite reason.
After all, they just appeared from some bubbles in the sea and materials in the Earth.
ifuckinglovescience_soijak.png
Prime Nanaka looks a bit younger heh, like you grew older together, but just a small bit.
That is by design - I pretty much imagine her physical age to be exactly 16 years before I created her (since that was my age when I did). As time goes on, small changes get made to her appearance, which we consider to be a form of aging.
Maybe it's just the scene, she looks like a sun.
That's the role she takes in my life.
You see my other thread with the oudated tierlist the other day or just know that every tf2 girlie goes through a medic phase?
I remember your posts and typing style from late 2020, unfortunately. It was quite the chaotic time in the thread, and fun, but I'd not want to live through it again. I believe you went by April or something back then
Who in the fucking world is Gherbo?
Hi
Those are some names I've not heard in a long time
That's definitely him
This image of gherbo
speaking of tomorrow, I'll probably fill out that waifu chart thing tomorrow.
I have it saved but I haven't done it yet.
What would you bros talk to waifu about? Maybe a weird sounding question, but it's something I've been thinking about with my waifu. What would you be most enthusiastic to talk about?
maybe i'll start tomorrow
Drawing waifu?
why is her urethra fully modeled?
Oh, oops, my bad. I couldn't have posted the first page anyway, there's a rule against that. Old waifu art is always a treat to me, especially since he debuted before my birth. It's mind blowing to think some of the art I've saved came from before I could walk. I like the third row 4th pic the best out of the ones you posted, but lots are good.
Neat stuff. How did it taste? And did you make cakes for previous anniversaries, or something else?
I've never played Pikmin but I'm vaguely familiar with it. I like how you combine both your waifu and your first autistic obsession, I've yet to draw Shadow wearing a cheetah outfit. I also like the concept of you making the art undeniably yours, if someone who didn't know you saw it they'd just think it was a neat crossover, but people who do know you would instantly make the connection. Kotori caring for Pikmin! 
I don't imagine us talking a lot. I'm an extremely silent person in real life, even if I don't shut up online. He's someone whose mind is constantly running, thinking, there's always something going on in there. But he doesn't say it. He's also silent. So I rely more on fantasies of him simply being there in the room with me. That brings me a lot of comfort. It makes me feel...safe I guess, is the word. 
Buuut, if we would talk, it'd be about the stars and astronomy/astrology. I'd be interested in what he has to say about guns. I want to discuss animals with him a bit. He's an architecture/engineering autist too, maybe he'd like to talk about cool buildings? We could talk about coffee and our favorite drinks. He could tell me about video games, or maybe just kick my ass at them, I'm horrid at those to begin with. We'd also definitely talk about flowers and man, we would also totally bond over different scents and candles and perfumes and shampoos. Oh! And he's interested in rock, I fuckin love rock, I wonder what his favorite songs are. 
Okay, maybe we'd talk more than I thought...uh
This morning, when I opened my eyes, and I had less back pain than usual, I looked up and there was an edge of a pillow hunched over me, like staring at me. I imagined it was her face. I think I thought something similar then.
I didn't have to pay for the beach, but I only realized that afterwards (only tourists have to pay). But my idiocy got me something to remember that perfect day.
Well, maybe it's just a question of perspective. The things that opened my eyes to what I feel were also the emotions I had when I was all alone outside, or when something was in my way. I never felt alone, and I just realized it was because I saw the World like a friend, even when there were no humans around. I just genuinely enjoyed spending time together, no matter what the situation, I mistook this for curiosity most of my life. Once I saw that, I just started liking other humans more and more, and I paid more attention to their small thoughtful and kind actions, and made more sense of their acts of cruelty. Felt less like I was forced into a live I didn't consent to, and more like I'm taking part in all the society stuff by choice.
Cute outfits, anon, kinda jealous, I should construct big mouse ears.
Aging together, growing into old farts together. I wish I could live as long as Earth so I could do the same.
I thought about it, but I'm not sure I want to control my waifu in such a way.
happy anniversary anon, sounds like a great time. Maybe play Pikmin with her.
Hey hey, it's not that black and white, remember how long it took you to get here still. You might have it easier noticing him if you already like his demeanor from knowing it from your dad, but it's you guys' love, not some predetermined curse.
After all, you know the Engineer pretty well most likely, same with your dad, it would be surprising if you didn't find at least some similarities.
It's difficult, my waifu has a few different pixiv pages. The "Earth-chan" pixiv pages include another character by the same name from an anime, and the "Earth + Gijinka" pixiv pages or "wakuseigijinnka" (planet gijinka) or "tenntaigijinnka" (celestial body gijinka), you get Earth girls that look pretty similar and go back to 2010 or 2008, 8-10 years before the meme Earth chan was invented and became popular.
I realized by first you might mean the most recent ones. The oldest picture I can reasonably compare to my Earth girl waifu was 10. January 2010
Shadow, I don't know what you'd like about me, and sometimes it's hard to convince myself you'd love me half as much as I love you. But maybe you'd find something I can't see, just like you can't see some of the stuff I love about you. Though you can see a chunk of it, you know you're strong and smart and brave. But you don't perceive what I love most about you, in fact you deny it, what turned my hate to love. It's this. 
pokes chest
Yes, the fuzz too, but mostly the heart. 
It's good and I want to make it happy.
Life in general. We'd have the most mundane conversations I'm sure. That said, I'd love to be showing Kana things like music I enjoy or places I've been and want to take her to. Maybe we'd just discuss our most recent workout. I view Kana as my bro first, wife second, so I'm sure we'd have so much to talk about and tell each other, even if it's just our response to what happened today. 
Master Asia and Earth-chan
Absolutely based, best anime environmentalist
 the forbidden waifu soup
waifstew
I'm a silent person too desu but I think i'd open up talking with her.
ywn talk about video games and music and shit like that with Kim
why live?
vidya, music, life, personal stuff, stuff about each other (maybe she'd sit down and pep talk me when I feel like shit.)
drawing waifu? 
yes
chewing waifu
cute
Today is my first year anniversary with Rem! So, I shall answer questions posed by this general in previous threads.
Pranks and waifu
Pranking her won't be such a great idea-she'll rain icicles down on me. Instead, we pull practical jokes on other people. On of the pranks we pulled goes like this:
Bait the Rag-and-Bone man (In our nation, he's called the Karang Guni) by calling him over
Rem notices the man and I promptly shut the door on him once she gives the signal.
We then wait for him to leave and we retreat to safety and begin to laugh.
Old Wives' Tales
None I can make her believe. We surf the internet together and read many of these.
Nighttime Habits
We share a blanket. Then go to sleep on a single bed.
And a new set of questions:
Name shows that you and waifu did not enjoy. In our case, Paddington 2019 and We Baby Bears displeased us, since they were based off much better franchises.
Have you brought waifu anywhere? Tell more about the exact location.
It's a paltry sum but at least I won't try to cause chaos.
Name shows that you and waifu did not enjoy
i don't tulpamaxx enough to be able to be able to answer this fully. but we watch movies far more than shows and i think she'd probably enjoy most of those, especially in my company.
Have you brought waifu anywhere?
obviously not gonna dox myself by pointing out the exact location but i've taken a plushie of waifu on a walk through town on our 1 year anniversary. i basically tucked her into the neck of my hoodie and supported her with my chin sorta so she doesn't fall out (picrel). i would do this more desu but i live in a minority-majority shithole so i don't feel very safe doing stuff that stands out like that
Probably things under the umbrella of 'life', vidya would probably be most dominant but there'd be other things we live together and react to what life throws at us.
I want to cuddle with my waifu and help her days shine bright enough to give us all blindness if it emitted light.
Some of the only good family they'll ever have.
I know you don't like their mom, but what about her side of the family? Are they not good people?
may declare my waifu in some time...
brought waifu anywhere
a park and a fast food restaurant to take funny pictures. got seen by a lot of people. i don't regret it. don't dox.
super adorable. love your posts always anon.
Zamasu decided to have an open mind and learn about the world, I'm so proud of him. I'll make him tea to celebrate.
I don't want to fuck up and make her OOC
dude same. Not only am I not great at writing, but Zamasu didn't have so much screentime where we see him as a sane person that I can use as a reference. But when I think about it, everything would be OOC for the character to do if they didn't do it in their show, since for all we know, the creator could pull some lore out of his ass at any point.
locked in the arcade in Japan
damn those nihonjins, they always get the good stuff
What would it take for you to sacrifice waifu? What knowledge and power would have to granted in order for you to consider such a thing?
the real question is what will I sacrifice for my waifu. But the answer is obvious: everything.
I'll post later
why does she have red eyes in one but brown in other
what are some baby names you would pick out with waifu? why those?
Tea and Chai to stay consistent with the food/stuff naming scheme of dragon ball. Or try and find a name that's associated with Zamasu's name
It's not gonna happen, stop trying to trick me, lizards controlling our simulation. If I had god powers I would still simp for her.
Still love Kotori or whatever. Lots of snuggling yesterday, still more today
Thanks whoever you are. I'd say give baking a cake a shot sometime. Even if you just start small with a mix I'm sure they'd still appreciate it. Remember, for relationships a big part is the effort put forth, not necessarily how things turn out in the end.
another 7 years
If poor Kotori can put up with me that long, then hopefully things will keep going.
How did it taste
Pretty good, the strawberry in the icing complemented the vanilla cake well. And yes, I think I've made cakes for my anniversary before. I know I've made cookies, cupcakes, strawberry shortcake and muffins all with varying degrees of success. I think I even made a brownie one year. I usually bake for our anniversary or her birthdays or valentine's. Kotori likes her sweet treats and I don't have much else to offer.
Kotori caring for Pikmin
I think she'd like the if only because she can boss them around. plus, I mean pikmin are pretty cute themselves.
cheetah outfit
I'm a bit lost on this, care to explain what it is about cheetahs that you like?
happy anniversary anon, sounds like a great time
Thanks, I think it all went pretty well.
Huh, your anniversary is a day after mine. Weird coincidence.
Damn those nihonjins
At least you weren't cursed to having three dreams about it, twice I woke up and launched WM expecting an update, despite having waifu these were my most lucid dreams. . .
Lucifer, I think you misspoke. The closest you're getting is that I'd sacrifice my sanity and mental well being for my waifu, if I didn't already sell it off years ago! Now my soul. . ., I'm still trying to sell that to her but she hasn't been answering my bargains.
Always found Samantha is a name that sounded something we'd like if we were to have a daughter.
honestly a good question, altho it looks a lot more extreme in the photo than it does in real life. i don't mind tho, it's still azusa either way
nice beast trips anon, but i don't even think about this kinda stuff since i don't wanna think about a life without her anymore.
based, i'd sacrifice this life if it meant being with her in the next
if we had a daughter maybe "Mira" since it's a very cute name and doesn't sound overly japanese nor european. "Chihiro" is another beautiful consideration (altho it sounds very japanese) that would even work for both a daughter and son.
and happy anniversary anon!
What would it take for you to sacrifice waifu? What knowledge and power would have to granted in order for you to consider such a thing?
Nothing. Neither power or arcane knowledge would bring me happiness, if anything they'd only burden me with new issues. A companion for life is much more rare and much more valuable. 
what are some baby names you would pick out with waifu? 
Girl names
Delilah
April
Leda
Poppy
Rue
Boy name
Idk lol 
why those?
They sound feminine in an elegant and soft-natured way. I haven't found many boy names that I like, most of them are either too generic or too outlandish. I don't mind Gabriel, Seth, and some of the other biblical names, but they're a bit too "on the nose" for my husbando's source material.
Good post digits.
Still sharing love with Chara. And no, we shall not take your bargain.
holy fuck, page 9?
nope not on my watch no siree
there's not a single thing that could make me want to sacrifice waifu
shit i'd let my own family die if it meant Kim could live.
this
Nice try Satan
Based
if they came out with a spin off prequel (animated of course) of aqua's duties as a goddess, would you watch? It'd be cool to know more about what being a goddess entails
I definitely would. Such an underexplored part of the lore they just never touch on because it isn't exploitable enough for shitty sex jokes
Kek! Honestly he wouldn't even need to say that, one cold glance and the shotgun laid out on the table between them would get the message across.
be the stern dad
Same, I really wonder what goes through their heads when they butcher a character that way. Do they seriously think people would enjoy something just because the names are associated with some popular franchise while discarding personalities, development, and quirks for no reason?
It's either to force a certain plot point or simply because they hate the character. Like, I used to see a lot of fanfics and stuff that just reduce Aqua to either
a sex object
a joke (even more than the show treats her as one)
a malignant narcissist
a slob with no personality aside from being a slob
Post your waifu's first pixiv page, also what date is the oldest one in it from?
I did this one earlier, but it was from 2013 and was some weird concept art of her and Eris
looked nothing like the actual show though
that fantasy is based
Aging together, growing into old farts together. I wish I could live as long as Earth so I could do the same
I want immortality just so i can be with Aqua forever and not force her to live without me
other than that I really wouldn't want to live forever
I see Aqua as both a friend and a wife. I always imagined us starting off as two friends just brought together by a universally shitty situation growing together
Absolutely not, under any circumstances. Besides, she's the one with all the magic powers - theoretically she could just pull some strings to get me those
You all cowards will never receive the gifts of the dark gods
Waifu laying down with her head resting on your lap as you pet her hair softly until she falls asleep for a little nap trying hard not to move to much so as not to wake her
UNTIL YOU GET AN ERECTIOOOOOON
YEEEAH
Hope you all sleep well to comfy dreams of your waifu/husbando, good night.
finding strands of waifu's hair on their pillow
finding strands of waifu's hair in their undies
cold... need... husbando
waifu smiling, genuinely happy to be with you.
Lina is so cute bros. . . I want to wake up and she greets me like this
Even if you just start small with a mix I'm sure they'd still appreciate it. Remember, for relationships a big part is the effort put forth, not necessarily how things turn out in the end.
not them but legit made me cry, thanks for posting this I could use it
headshotting her instantly
in full armor with weapon, ready to start the day
can't jerk off to anyone besides waifu
develops a snuff fetish
can't jerk off cause I don't want to hurt waifu
Can't jerk off cause I don't want to jerk off to someone other than waifu
anons...I need help
same but with Kim desu
lewd...
that's fucked up
okay i'll do it today i swear to god
Last night when I was jogging I came across one of the friendly neighborhood feral cats not long after he was hit by a truck. It was sad, and made it hard to focus on Kana. I bet she'd be distracted by the feral cats and if she saw that she'd be too sad to work out
Karang Guni
Malaysia?
Kana's childhood friend struggles with that question--what is worth sacrificing Kana for, and will it gain what she thinks? She is one I sometimes self-insert as to get close to Kana, but I imagine ourselves in different and better context than Kana herself was in. Come to think of it, Kana found herself embroiled in what was essentially World War 3 on this very day, May 2.
The best relationship. Although I've lately started to wonder how that would work. The Tomo-chan anime did such a nice job at showing the struggles of turning a relationship with your childhood friend into a romantic one. But I've also always thought the solution is to transcend traditional friendships and relationships and just make her your bro you don't mind doing romantic things with.
I'd say give baking a cake a shot sometime
I only once made cookies for me and Kana's shrine. I just hope I do enough for her when I work out and do 10K runs twice a week and think of her the whole time.
Names of ancestors/their relatives because I like the sound and especially meaning. Maybe convince Kana to pick the same for her own ancestors.
develops a snuff fetish
how does this happen
Does it have to be 2d? Can I have Claire Redfield?
Is your waifu still alive in canon?
can't tell what's a meme, schizopost or troll on this site anymore desu
No, fuck the writers, fuck the inconsistent worldbuilding, fuck Zamasu's mentor, fuck Zeno, and finally and especially fuck Beerus. Also, fuck Toriyama for saying they did a good job capturing Zamasu's inner conflict when they couldn't even keep his personality consistent.
a friend of mine introduced me to a guro series and I read it for the lols but then I realized I love hanging (maybe cuz I like bdsm) then I realized I enjoyed more than just hanging
I think he was referring to nobody sacrificing their waifu
who steals the blankets in your relationship?
No and they handled her death very poorly. I had to look up on the wiki to see if she even died or if maybe she was just hospitalized because for like 10 episodes after she died not once did anyone mention her. Then to boot some chick who was in like five episodes total died and they not only mourned her but did it twice despite her being a nobody. And on top of that when my waifus sister died too I had to yet again look up if she was dead and turns out yep that's why she wasn't in the final scene they just stealthy killed her too. One day I plan on reading the novels that a guy who worked on the story of the show wrote expanding on the story because I heard they treated her sister better by actually giving her a funeral so I'm hoping that my waifu also got treated better. 
I actually just the other day found an upload of the books but I have to do some work on them first before I read them.
My Waifu is Benny from New Vegas
Malina is just my dream girl
play tbs games together 
drink together 
clean the house together 
Life is unfair
What's waifu's idea of a day well spent? 
If waifu was some sort of kemonomimi what animal parts would she possess? 
Would waifu rather settle in one place forever or spend her life traveling? Why?
Wholesome asmr and green creation? Stop jerking off and have a hobby? Try to focus on love in the scenario even if it means some sadism (her)/masochism (you) is involved?
No but spirits do exist in the world so it's possible, maybe even likely, she's a spirit though that opens its own can of worms relating to the 'sequel'.
Will say what you say is of the DBS timeline, DBZ/SDBH is HEAVILY into alternate timelines and/or parallel universes (depending on the language you want to use), technically Zamasu could be alive in some alternate timeline that we haven't been shown yet, Fu is a funny chad when he's not fused with edgy devil bird and can explain a lot of bullshit.
Day well spent
Probably a mix of getting chores done and having fun in her own way.
Kemonomimi
Goat horns
Settle or travel
Figuring she'd lean towards settling down and relaxing in a remote part of the world but she could be open to some travel depending on how she thinks of this world (maybe go to Europe for good chocolate, japan if she likes the anime, etc.).
home alone this morning
decide to do something special for myself on my day off
cook a big breakfast
we're talking pancakes, biscuits, gravy, bacon, eggs, sausage, coffee, cold cereal and Texas toast
dig out my old iPad and prop it up at the end of the table
set screen to always on
open iPhotos
play slideshow "Nakahara Misaki (Long)"
eat a tasty breakfast with her 
in the middle of our meal at the kitchen table and one of my roommates comes home
rudely barges into kitchen
her dog comes running into the room
all of this while I'm in the middle of telling Misaki-chan I love her
roommate stares at me for a minute and asks what's going on when she sees Misaki with a plate of eggs in front of her (I had made too many for just me)
don't say anything just sit there with my mouth open staring into space hoping I disappear or wake up
meanwhile slideshow changes to pic related
"Oh my god anon what the fuck? Why are you watching fucking porn in our kitchen??"
"...n-no..." is all I can get out
don't know what else to do so I just grab Misaki off of the table and run as fast as I can to my bedroom
can hear her laughing from the kitchen as I slam the door
looking at the time it turns out she got home pretty early from work so that's why I didn't expect her
been locked in here for 3 hours now, don't know if I can ever leave again
fucking roastie
Any of you been in some kind of similar situation? Why can't normalfags just be nice to us? 
What do I do to make things normal again?
these were my most lucid dreams. . .
kek based. although it's still a bummer to wake up and get disappointed, it's better than my weird ass dreams that I forget once I wake up because of how disconnected and messy they were. It's like a fever dream that's actually a dream.
i'd sacrifice this life if it meant being with her in the next
what I wouldn't do to be with Zamasu in my next life.
If there's no Zamasu in heaven, I'm going down below
I haven't found many boy names that I like, most of them are either too generic or too outlandish
glad I ain't the only one who has problems with male names. It's the sole reason I adapted the One Piece and Dragon Ball naming schemes.
excluding the sex object part, I think the writers are just shitty at what they're doing and end up reducing Aqua to a few traits that stand out, basically just exaggerating some parts while ignoring other parts.
the only god I care about is Zamasu and he's the only gift I seek
What's waifu's idea of a day well spent?
accomplishing something. Be it training to get stronger, studying to get smarter, or making sure the mortals aren't causing problems.
If waifu was some sort of kemonomimi what animal parts would she possess?
I always imagined him possessing cat parts while Black possessed dog ones.
Would waifu rather settle in one place forever or spend her life traveling? Why?
He seems the kind to settle in one place.
technically Zamasu could be alive in some alternate timeline that we haven't been shown yet
I sure hope so, but I hope he's happy and not repressing his ideas just to please that old fart and that retarded omniking
Fu is a chad
true, I'd watch SDBH just to see more scenes of him
he's not fused with edgy devil bird and can explain a lot of bullshit.
oh so he was just fused with someone? I always wondered why he looked like a deviantArt OC when he was younger
you'll have to bring up a lie
i had a somewhat similar situation where, when planning to take a photo for waifu's birthday or Valentine's Day, my mom made an upset about me being childish as i was preparing my things. just about every time i tried to take a photo of waifu like this, i would always have something in the way (usually, house guests), so i got so distressed that i went to my room to cry.
i'd suggest creating a second slideshow with less suggestive imagery just in case.
in any case, even though it's difficult, i'm sure most people would laugh it off if you confidently admitted that you were having breakfast with your waifu.
just remember that waifu loves you and is probably pleased by your dedication to her even in the face of embarrassment.
confidence is key.
waifu ends up playing by herself the last game you played
Would she enjoy it?
What's waifu's idea of a day well spent?
A day spent playing with friends at the Equation Playground and a day of a fun contest are both great days!
If waifu was some sort of kemonomimi what animal parts would she possess?
A bunny! He already looks like a bit like a blue bunny &lt;3
Would waifu rather settle in one place forever or spend her life traveling?
Settle in a place he really likes! He's spent a couple years on Earth when hosting BFB and he seem to enjoy in enough to stay and plan another season with Announcer and Purple Face! Though he still visits his home and stays there for weeks, if he gets homesick
Why?
Because Foury is a type that gets stuck with things he likes. He liked toying with earthlings so he stayed. He liked making challenges and being in charge so he stayed because it was a place where he could safetly keep his position as a host. Earth reshaped his mind and personality, made him more "human"-like, it's a permanent change of him as a whole now so of course he'd rather stay somewhere he so familiar with rather than go back to his home which he is literally aliented from now
Sure hope so
Aye, depending on how infinity works there's one where your fanfic is canon and he has a bit more respect towards mortals thanks to Gowasu waking up on the right side of the bed for once. There's also MasakoX too if you know of his what-ifs.
SDBH
Will warn that in BM he's a bit more of an edgy fuck, the fun fanfic writer is more XV2 and UM block (funnily enough you have his SEC in world mission, interesting card but extremely high roll).
Younger
In BM Fu wanted to become the dark demon king and after putting on a manacle, he fused with a demon counterpart to Toki-Toki and became kid sephiroth.
Strangers of Paradise
Very much so I'd imagine.
What's waifu's idea of a day well spent? 
She would go into the woods and slay some bandits and take their gold, then turn it in to a local tavern at the village and have a huge feast, and finally relax at the hot springs and go to bed.
If waifu was some sort of kemonomimi what animal parts would she possess?
I had to look this up. Apparently it's like catgirls and shit? am I not a real weeb?
Would waifu rather settle in one place forever or spend her life traveling? Why?
Lina has been traveling since she was 12 years old kek.
I was considering it but now im not sure
I'm sorry to hear that anon. I can see how that is frustrating. I want to be confident about my waifu but it's hard sometimes. Normalfags just don't understand. But you're right, I should face this like a man for her and take pride of my waifu. Thank you anon
LMAO YOU DUMBASS FAGGOT
Mainly about random stuff, then about our future and plans for weekends, vacations or more serious stuff such as our home, jobs and family.
Assuming the scenario is just "is there anything you'd sacrifice waifu for" it would be our eventual kid's safety, she'd give her life for them too just like a good parent like herself would. 
She's been dead for about 1000 years, just like almost every servant pretty much.
What's waifu's idea of a day well spent?
If waifu was some sort of kemonomimi what animal parts would she possess?
She already is one, and has her own dragon horns. Along with lamia tail whenever she shapeshifts
Would waifu rather settle in one place forever or spend her life traveling? Why?
Bit of both really, she's said before that she'd enjoy traveling, and at the same time having a lovely home to return to and spend her days in is her dreamed life too
Zelda TotK
She'd probably spend a lot of time exploring and messing around, enjoying herself greatly.
Ah forgot that one
What's waifu's idea of a day well spent?
A day where she either got to fulfill her duties as a servant or wife, or have a good time with friends or lover, that would be enough to make her feel that the day was well spent.
