Today I did a little social experiment. I went out and asked 100 random people if they cared about white male suicide. 
I pointed out that despite being less than 50% of the population, white boys make up 82% of all suicides, and even showed them this chart to prove it. When I told them this, everyone either just shrugged and made a so what face, or laughed when they looked at the graphic. Some of them even said it was a good thing, because whites are evil. Why does nobody care about WMS?
Today was a huge blackpill. I realized most humans genuinely dont care about white extinction. Humans can be so cruel.
You've spammed this on multiple threads in the last 20 or so minutes and I'm pretty sure you've been doing it for quite a while now. What mental illness is this?
What? This is the first time I ever posted on this board. Take your meds.
Like 1/2 the replies are you kek
Look OP, I get it. White anons can be very racist. You obviously developed this style of posting as a counter, bants from your side. However OP, it kind of stops being a counter when you spam your shit a whole lot more than your opposition spams theirs.
White men make up 82% of suicides
Your graph pretty clearly shows they make up 41% or so of suicides. Can you not read your own sources?
No idea what you are talking about desu. That wasnt me. 
I care about white suicide, but nobody else seems to.
They make up 82% of all male suicides. The white male population of the US is only 25%. So they are killing themselves at disproportionately higher rates than everyone else.
73147143
Whatever dude go jack off or something. Impotently spamming won't make you feel better.
Why does the truth upset you so?
White men make up 82% of all suicides
well actually its 82% of male suicides 
they're killing themselves at disproportionate rates
White women, non Hispanic, seem to be killing themselves in about the same rate. Funnily enough this graph shows that men and women kill themselves in very similar rates. Are you sure this isn't attempts? 
White men make up 25% of the population
White alone, not Hispanic make up 59.3% of the population. Men make up 49.5% of the population, so white alone, not Hispanic men make up 29.4% of the population. 
You might say it's only 5%, but that's a big difference when talking about hundreds of millions of people. (about 16.6 million to be exact) 
It very much detracts from what you're saying when you're just blatantly misleading in the details, even if your overall point is reasonable.
that's like what they do to black suffering too
Neanderthal still coping 
LMAO
brownoids still SEETHING whites won the world
Kek
Why would I give a fuck about gooks halfway across the world lol. 
WMS is HILARIOUS and everyone agrees. Cope Neanderthal.
brownoid rage continues
Lmao YWNBAWhite
No need to worry. Endowed black men will fill the hole white "men" leave behind
you are becoming famous on this site OP. everyone is talking about you and the white male suicide threads.
blacks kill eachother over jordans before any of them get old enough to be depressed
yeah you guys won damn dude you got us
mindbroken by white CHAD
Does anyone else find it hilarious that whites are walking fossils? Their dicks are literally drying up and their race getting fossilised before our eyes lmao. 
average white boys dick, 2050:
swarthoid still can't cope with being rejected by every woman alive
Lmaoooo
that was actually quite funny anon, well done
