Do you think it would be fun to live in a videogame?
Only if I get to choose my stats. Life is hard if you aren't running a high CHR build.
Obviously depends on the game, but usually yes.
Wouldnt you die if you put everything into charisma inside a videogame though?
You're fighting wolves and brown bears and shit jumping at you out of the bushes 24/7
You roll deep with a gang of real thug ass niggas (companions) and they deal with any potential threats.
im starting a gang in wow to beat up low levels. do you wanna join my gang? it could become our gang
As long as its not akin to a dark souls or warhammer-like world yeah. Even if im not some important hero whos integral to the plot, being in a world with magic, monsters, and undead shit is just interesting. Like I could be some peasants 7th son but just the fact that i will most likely get a wife and might witness some crazy shit you would never see in our boring ass world is enough.
Yeah man! I looove video games!
yeah, that's what I do in saints row 2, whenever I want to do stuff with friends I just whistle and they join me for as long as I want, sometimes I just give them a ride and drop them off at the headquarters
not running INT,END,WILL build
Ngtmi
if dying in the game means perma-death, then probably not. it's much easier to die in a video game than real life kek. otherwise maybe, depends on the game. i'd live in skyrim or genshin
Yes, until it gets boring.
All the video games of today are way less complex than real life, once you do the game mechanics for a few years, you would be bored, with nothing else to do. 
But if you are talking about an imitation of a videogame's world, build as a real universe, for you to live in, then things would probably brake. Humans don't understand the real world enough to build a video game world and socials that works in real life. It could work, but it would be a quite different place than your actual videogame world.
But what if a god could create a world like that just for you? Well, if that was the case, we can do better than that. If we are going this far, would be better to create a new world with support for real life, very complex and tailored for you. But that would be just like a literal paradise (and very unethical). 
Until you realize that you are just as miserable in that world...
That was not new for me, that's what you get when you mix daydreaming, overthinking and depression.
Depends on the game obviously. If it's some game where you can become a god or something then yes, or if it's comfy. There's no fucking way I would live in a nightmare of a world like Rance though.
https://youtu.be/EUAL7CAhlyY [Embed]
Yes 
I'd hang around Gerudo city and ask random women to massage their weary feet
You'd get eaten by that sand shark or die of heat in the desert.
Yes, I would like to be MC of Breeding Season. Fuck whoever is responsible for this project death.
used to think living in skyrim must be rad but you cant walk 5 minutes outside the city before someone or something attacks you. fucking more bandits than there are people and vampires attack through the city gates at night.
anime school might be fun
what's the problem? just be well equipped and have enough mana to cast healing spell on u, problem solved
At least each city is only a 30 minute walk away from each other.
I'd rather be the MC of cloud meadow.
That would be cool. Whenever I see these cuties on Anime, manga and whatso I always feel sort of envious, knowing I never got to experience any of that. Its a sad thing anime girls dont exist, considering how beautiful they are.
Just the thought of going out with a girl this cute...
Its kinda sad isnt it?
Worth it to get bullied by Gerudo
Does the world have real life graphics or the game's art style?
Its kinda sad isnt it?
it is, but it often gets outweighed by the fact that real japanese schools are literally the opposite of anime, everyone having black hair, roughly the same short stature and small eyes. kinda funny to me
Its kinda sad isnt it?
ye anime girls are just "girls but without the bad parts" i wish they, and especially my waifu, were real
Why is Zelda fat and hairy?
It'd be fun
He's just cuddling with the homies, nothing wrong with that.
Game's
