have racist dad
marry black army veteran
dad seethes and kills himself to make daughter feel bad
daughter doesn't give two shits
You just really love to see it
I'd commit unalive if my kid married a veteran too, I don't want murderers in my family
killing yourself because your daughter married a black 
good riddance. The world is a better place without him
be nonwhite
such a failure dad wants you to kill yourself
gives you the gun
kys
Kek
marrying a fat nutcase
Poor guy
be whitoid 
have bad day at work so I kill wife
make the world a better place by then killing myself
You love to see it
be brownoid
this happens on everyday basis
Kek
still crying becuase majority of society is either happy or uncaring when asked about the declining white population. 
Asians are the most happy when asked about the declining white population topkek
this trend has been more pronounced in the younger population aged 10-59years (suicide is the first and second leading cause of death in people aged 10-39years and aged 40-59years, respectively)
the best aznmasculinity can do is kys
Lol
Cope while society celebrates white male suicide. White males will be suffering from increasing suicidal ideation for their entire lives. Nobody cares because everyone knows you're lost causes. Majority of society is happy or uncaring when asked about the declining white population for good reasons lmao
swarthoid can't stop seething
Lol nobody wants poopskin
still crying becuase majority of society is either happy or uncaring when asked about the declining white population. 
Asians are the most happy when asked about the declining white population kekw
White males are 70% more likely to know a friend or family member that has killed themselves. 90% of the time that victim is also a white male
Lmao you love to see it
still coping with the fact that white males make up 70% of all daily suicides despite being 32% of the population and society doesn't care 
still coping with the white death rates surpassing already declining white birth rates 
still coping with the fact that your grandparents died (or will died) for nothing 
lmfaooo sorry anon but nobody will ever care about white male suicide. Asians in particular are extremely happy when asked about the declining white population lmfao seriously nobody will ever care. Kekw
brownoid SEETHING for hours 
Nobody wants you poopskin lol
Cope while society celebrates white male suicide. White males will be suffering from increasing suicidal ideation for their entire lives. Nobody cares because everyone knows you're lost causes. Majority of society is happy or uncaring when asked about the declining white population for good reasons kekkw
swarthoid can't stop seething
Kek
Cutting off a neanderthal's dick and balls
kino
brownoid birthing
Yikes
you gotta love the Ukrainian war. It's just two nazis killing each other. It makes for the perfect gore content
Should have killed the whore instead
Did he survive? -
caring about brownoids
ngmi
he's still seething because nobody cares about ytboi suicide
lmfao
still seething at his current situation
Lmao white male suicide will always be hilarious
nonwhites still MALDING at white chads
Kek
Cope while society celebrates white male suicide. White males will be suffering from increasing suicidal ideation for their entire lives. Nobody cares because everyone knows you're lost causes. Majority of society is happy or uncaring when asked about the declining white population for good reason
Lmfaoo
brownoid still seething
YWNBAWhite shitskin lol
moralfagging
top kek
"Overall, three times as many women as men in the United States report a history of attempted suicide.5 But men are four times more likely to actually kill themselves.6 Choice of method may play a role in explaining this gender disparity: White men tend to use more violent and more lethal means than other suicide victims. In 2001, 73 percent of all suicide deaths and 80 percent of all firearm suicide deaths were white males.7
Disparities along ethnic lines for elderly males are also substantial. Compared with white males ages 65 and older, African American males (9.2 suicides per 100,000), Hispanic or Latino males (15.6), and Asian or Pacific Islander males (17.5) in the same age range had significantly lower suicide rates.
And as black and white men age, the gap in suicide rates between the two groups widens considerably. White males in the 45-64 age range commit almost three times as many suicides (26.1 per 100,000) as their black male contemporaries (at 9.0 per 100,000). The disparity grows among those ages 75-84 (37.5 per 100,000 for whites, compared with 11.3 per 100,000 for black males).
And suicide grows as a risk for white elderly males as they age. White men ages 85 and older have the highest annual suicide rate of any group 51.4 deaths per 100,000. In contrast, the highest rate for white women peaks between ages 45 and 64 at 7.8 deaths per 100,000."
www.prb.org/resources/elderly-white-men-afflicted-by-high-suicide-rates/
KEKked
swarthoid back and SEETHING
Kek YWNBAWhite
made me kek, father and mother are like this but I would shoot them first instead
the white race will really miss this one man. what a huge loss.
"t-thanks for getting our trash"
Kek seethe
this thinks it has a chance with white women
or any women ever
Kek
fat
Why is it always some the fat white trash who end up marrying niggers?
"s-shes f-fat yeah haha"
niggers cant breed
Kek
