Is playing video games a turn off for girls? Should I stop playing them or hide my power level or something?
Girls like playing video games casually. When a girls says she is a hardcore gamer it means she has 30 hours in the sims 3. If you have 2000 hours in the team fortress or hearts of iron she will think you are a freak.
stop thinking about what women think that they want
You should stop playing them if you have any self-respect and you're not an insufferable manchild
Everyone under the age of 50 plays games now. Even a lotta boomers play retro games. The only people who stigmatize it are the faux alpha andrew tate dudes who still think it's the late 90s and people who play games are geeks with bottlecap glasses. just don't be an obsessed retard and you're fine
if women started to read your mind in public, would you say "yeah, that makes more sense"?
playing video games is a waste of life and any woman who tolerates it is sick in the head
its true, they can do that. apparently you are all NPCs.
I think that the stereotype that men play videogames is pretty popular these days. Men playing videogames is the default. Now, play videogames all day and never leave the house is not considered very hot i think, so maybe lower it down a little, with other things that you like to do if possible.
god told me that we were in hell and alluded to the fact that money, sex and power are just concepts that he has total influence over, and he is using them as tools to torture us.
Just looksmaxx and workout and girls will think it's cute
If you play games and look like you play games that's when it's bad
no unless shes into gayming herself. Women are attracted to hobbies which would in turn benefit them and are productive. For example, if theres a car guy shes thinking "oh this guy could change the oil and filter for me" so she'll accept the hobbie
My uncle is 68 and he still loves playing PS1, PS2, N64, and Gamecube titles.
No. There's plenty of girls who like games just interact with online game communities.
every girl 18-21 (aka prime pussy years) plays valorant or overwatch. you're fine anon
Yea but valorant is a normie game...
looksmaxxing doesnt work and is a pathetic cope
Videogames are fine as long as you're not like, living in an MMO or something and have other interests/hobbies.
The final step to taking it is taking the normiepill
Start playing valorant and say shit like "bruh is not serious right now :skull emoji:" and you'll escape this hellhole
I would rather kill myself in a shopping mall than start to talk to like normies, makes me go into a full body cringe whenever I hear them speak or type.
I'll stick with tf2 and vanilla wow p servers, thanks.
tf2 and vanilla wow
So you'll play other normalfag games instead?
any reasoning behind that? is it the autism blackpill?
The only turn off for women is physically or emotionally unattractive men
You can play video games as long as you're physically attractive or not neurotic
You on everlook?
There aren't zoomer games and normies who talk like "bruh he a npc fr fr bruh" in all lowercase do not play them. Obviously they are "normie" games.
No, currently on turtle
