are high school parties real? like the ones where they drink alcohol and have sex
Idk about now but when I was in HS (2012-2015) all the popular and semi-popular kids went to parties, did drugs and fucked
Yeah. I have a few high schooler coworkers who talk about going to parties
100% real in college (i've walked past a yard with more solo cups than grass plenty of times). I don't think highschool ones are real, or at least they weren't real at my high school. I asked a couple random people at my senior year and they never heard of any parties.
i hate normies so much vvvv
Like the ones that you see in hollywood movies? No not really. The ones where people go out underage drinking or smoking weed and sstuff yeah those are real. Someone will have a freehouse for a weekend and people will all pile in and drink and play what ever music is popular on the radio for a few hours and stumble home after a few hours. No one really has sex at those parties though.
just go to a concert for a band with a young fanbase.
if you're old though there will be a visible 2 foot bubble around you at all times.
yeah, bout to go to one in a while I gotta get ready, want pics from it?
Yeah I went to some. There isn't a lot of sex unless you're partying with the chads and stacies on the football/cheerleaders team or some other high social staus club in high-school. I was with the AP kids and we threw our own parties without the jocks. We were the freaks, geeks and misfits. But everyone at school talked about us because we had a lot of alcohol and drugs at the parties that put the normal crew to shame. I was getting wasted, smoking weed and snorting coke at these parties. I still remember holding this girls hair while she was puking in the bathtub.
Also this started in the 9th grade till senior year, definitely lost brain cells.
They kiss a lot even I got some action back then with some girls way out of my league because they were drunk of course after it passed they always pretend nothing happened
yeah post some pics
aight if the thread aint dead I'll post some pics. It's a birthday party, about 50 attendees I think. Anything you'd like to see in particular?
no any pictures will do
Aight about to get dressed and head out
They are real, they don't look like those shown in movies and TV shows though, they're much more boring. And sex is rare there, most likely guys will end up playing CoD or some other casual vidya and girls go home by that time.
Were you fucking her while this was happening?
They're 1000% but only for chad.
anon about to deliver holy shit
Like the ones that you see in hollywood movies? No not really.
Those happen, just a lot less frequently.
Im known to deliver. Party theme is black and white lol
inb4 ur not chad
Ye i know
what the fuck is that doll
are you in your sisters room
damn this nigga fresh as hell
anon you in chicago? think we in the same party if so lmao
Yes but significant sized house parties are a lot rarer than movies make them seem because they're expensive in a lot of ways you wouldn't expect. For example one of the only really big house parties that happened when I was in school was thrown by a chubby outcast girl whose parents were away for the weekend and somehow got a shit ton of people to come. They ended up getting a ton of shit in their house just straight up vandalized/damaged and got a laptop, nice camera, 2 guitars, and a few other expensive items stolen. Shit was crazy
post pics pls bro i am waiting
drippy af
