The tranny thoughts still haven't went away. 
I can't distract myself. They're always in the back of my head at the minimum.
based hypnotist anon
I wish they would go away.
you have to lose your ego. you are too attached to identity.
Try pimozide, it reduces the tranny thoughts 
Seriously see a doctor about your gender dysphoria
I'm so fucking detached from reality man. 
I have no ego. I just drift through life.
It won't work. I don't have any psychotic illnesses that cause it.
thats because you were raped as a child and brainwashed so you've lost your sense of identity.
jus sayin
so watching porn and get off 4chan. preferably get a job, you should be good in 3 months time
*stop watching porn
You have been muted for 4 seconds, because your comment was not original.
raped
Didn't happen, grew up with grandparents
I should be able to see the matrix, I have been on /pol/ since middle school
Job makes it worse unless I don't see a single woman. Internet is my escape.
Lets see how long I continue to stay alive
you were raped all your life, you just don't remember because of trauma based conditioning
basically your intrusive tranny thoughts are being implanted in you, using psychic conditioning
take your fucking meds schizo holy shit
dilate. seethe. do it all again. forever
I'M HAVING INTRUSIVE THOUGHTS
TOTALLY NORMAL
MEDS WILL MAKE IT ALL GO AWAY
You need to be put down like a dog or locked away in a mental ward forever. I cannot deal with these societally unfit babbling airheads.
Completely deranged.
yeah. enjoy your meds and surgery and INTRUSIVE THOUGHTS and one day looking back over your life from a different perspective (maybe today if you are lucky)
where did anyone mention the devil, or god, or being (or not being) born with gender dysphoria? you are literally projecting like the crazy bitch you OBVIOUSLY are.
psychic == PSYCHE. nothing fucking mysterious here you fucking druggie bozo
naturalement you would jump to some fucking conclusion and ignore the stated facts.
so much for "I CAN SEE THE MATRIX" or whatever you were babbling about.
you are a festering cesspool of rotten thoughts and feelings. wherever you go you spread your sickness. that is, not gender dysphoria, which is natural, but your pride, egotism, arrogance, clinging to identity etc.,
it is the height of irony for you to say this. mostly because this applies to you more than anyone else. seriously. what hypocrisy!
did you ever examine your situation, or anyone elses? did you ever compare your life and realise how lucky you are? do you hear the words you are speaking? are you so tone deaf to the plight of others? that is why no one likes you, and no one comes to defend you in your time of need.
shit on others like you've been shat on. its a n endless c ycle
