bank holiday funday edition
fart cum penis sex piss shart
She has fun weekends like this most weeks. When was the last time you did anything interesting?
fart cum penis sex piss shart
indeed
I hate single mums.
good thing you arnt one then
I dont live on easy mode to get some shmuck to walk me around town like a dog, ruthmong
I leech off the system because they havent given me shit. School was torture I was bullied everyday, girls ignored me. I have no reason to bother with this rainy miserable shithole. Im taking all the bennies and nobody will stop me
cummed to bbw again
urgh
She definitely comes up with all these ideas. The lad has to go along with it or else he'll risk ruining the relationship. Getting back on the girlfriend lottery again can be brutal. I'm sure we'd all put up with it to be honest.
You're taking the piss but it seems like a fair thing to do. If society doesn't care about men not ever having girlfriends (a normal life), then they shouldn't care about men taking all the neetbucks. Their taxes pay way more to single mums and having to educate their spawn.
Roll it down a hill and hope it doesn't recover when it falls in a river.
Taking your taxes and supporting the video games industry. Keeping video games developers in jobs. I'm doing my part for society.
Single mums produce criminals and wet wipes so theyre a net negative. I dont do shit just stay inside coom and play vidya, im a better investment lol
job centre toil on tuesday lad not looking forward to it
my last appointment was back at the end of March, I missed an appointment on like the 27th and told them to reschedule it and they just ignored me for basically a month but they've set an appointment for tuesday
fuck me lads they're going to be pissed at me, basically got a 1 month appointment for freee so i did lads haha
I havent gotten the cost of living payment yet, will I get it in may? Im on UC live with my parents
Garn camping in Anglesey dee lads
were you signed on between january - february?
had to be eligible then to get it
Britfeel is fucking dead lids
Ye lid got signed on in february
The lads are sleeping in
God said Sunday is the day of rest - just like every other day of the week
she went to starbucks and a shopping centre?
Been raining for the last two weekends. Going to be raining for the next two weekends. Guess what it is fucking raining today and tomorrow
FUCK YEAH I'M OFF WORK TILL WEDNESDAY!!
I don't know what to do with my three days break
I could set up my VR system and play some games or do some online shopping as I just got paid but I usually spend it here posting nothing
8:17 am and i need coffee and ideas
Three day long wanking session
I don't really do that much touching myself, I find it boring mostly, unless I am hit with animal urges and then I have to get that shit over and done with so I can think clearly again
So my plan so far is 
Make a Cappuccino I got a box of 8 from Tesco (just add boiling water)
Make a Chicago town Pizza
Make some memes and post here
Play some VR ping pong and maybe Everybody golf
Take a Bath 
Look online for something to buy like a random lock picking tool I saw
Gonna head up to Tesco's to panic buy bbq food since it's going to be a sunny on a bank holiday
it's going to be a sunny on a bank holiday
Your precious queen is dead and never coming back edition
Make sure you have one of those club cards to get cheap offers, sometimes those have some decent bargains .
we dont care shes dead mate
We have a "KING" now
LONG LIVE THE KING!!!
I love our princess Kate
seething and coping this hard trying to convince me he's not holding back tears at the thought of the state funeral 
Stop fucking lying to me Nigel. You were there in Westminster that day bawling your eyes out in grief
Made that Cappuccino added honey
mmmm amazing
Well I guess its time to make memes for /r9k/
have a comfy day to my sound lads hope they are smiling x
Make a Chicago town Pizza
Ok it's a bit early for pizza at breakfast but I might as well check this one off
Consider your thread #ruined anglocels 
Get americanized.
Thanks for all the cool stuff you guys make, it is such a shame that we don't have a trade agreement that allows for better cheap American goods
britfeel has been shit for ages now lad so you aint doin much
So why don't we make it better?
Islamifying the UK is the only answer. You vill be brown.
Posting a comfy rain in the countryside
I don't mind different people coming here, I can't afford to travel so it makes me meeting everyone easy, they come to me
I always meet people out and about for a chat and we all get on really well
because no one good ever post here so its like polishing a turd. There are much comfier generals on the chan. this place is dominated by spam mong and the German fella. futile.
I like the rain with amber lights on, I wish we still had warm warm lights and not LED
You can make a difference if you make the effort. only takes one or two people to change a thread
Exactly. One person can have quite a lot of influence on not only this thread, but the entire board.
Some of these places look amazing, I need to get out and see some areas in stead of my town
450 posts of asmr, ruth, ssm and personality gimmick posting
1 person can make a difference
exactly lad the state of it. I spend most of my time on tv and HR now desu
That place is missing a negro bloke impregnating a pure British girl
Porn is boring !! But if you have nothing else going for you then that is up to you.
Never knew Bradford look like this
yeah right mate well done. you doing asmr or auditing after this?
Wonder what the nicest looking place is around the UK, Northern Ireland?
I adore and love goddess Molly she deserves it all x
Scotland is said to be like a different world up there
Not him but, that image looks more like Howarth than Bradford.
They do look similar, they could be the same but I don't know
Now post her without makeup
Don't be fooled by women's deceit European Anon
I can't seem to get over it myself, but still, it must be avoided
Women are inherently liars and manipulators
I love the old cobbled roads, all the ones around me have been tarmacked over, looks cheap and artificial
Morning morning morning lads, Hotel lady and Shush. 
Hope you will all take advantage of the long weekend and have a nice plan for today. 
It's raining here but easing off so I'll be going for a walk soon, it's not like a little rain will hurt me. 
Thank you for these comfy images lads. 
The background/countryside looks the same. Might be my bleary eyes are deceiving me, I've just woke up.
every time you post about the weather its the same where i am. wonder if you're close by
I missed the perfect image for monis pic comp. Massive poo yesterday morning that broke the surface of the water. Melancholy because muh bumhole hurt, but joy because my stomach felt better.
Good eyes sir
My line manager of a job I started 2 Months ago invites me to her wedding reception which is today, can't be fucked to go. Pain in the arse to get to and I'll only be there an hour or so and it's gonna cost me a fair bit of money to get there. Don't know why I said yes
Posting interracial pornogrpahy at 9:45 am
Very grim life this lad has
Say you don't feel well and your relative has the new strain of COVID and you are afraid you could have it. Say you will stay in for a few days to be safe
I don't have any contact details of them apart from MS teams and no one will check that. It's stupid that I forgot to ask. Goddamn it. Gonna have to just take this
Why are you going to someones wedding that you hardly know? I'm not even going to my best friends wedding because of the money plus it's there second one
Goooooooooood morning lollersan.
Busy day today, no rest for the dosser, got a shoop, and minecraft, and some animu to finish, and need to get some compost for the potatoes, but that might have to wait till tomorrow, maybe tuesday.
Are you watching the boats again today? (aka on the hunt for linekers boat wankers).
Choon o'clock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6v452P4yYE [Embed]
Choon o'clock
https://youtu.be/USibFMyk3Rw [Embed]
I don't know mate.
Is it weird to follow my colleague on Instagram (same age, we get on well) and message him there to ask him what he's dojng?
No really, I have the same relationship with my boss, we argue every day but we still message randomly, about work or not.
It's human nature to connect, I don't message other people from work who are in a different department
https://youtu.be/zKQfxi8V5FA [Embed]
found shippy on tagmap.io
ask him to put me outta me misery
nout
ffs
a young man walks into tagmap.io
says he wants me to put him out of his mysery
be dragged to wifes aunty's dog walkers birthday
forget about responding
It felt like NYE1999 last night, everyone panicking it was all going to end, and it just went on as usual.
sad frog picture man? That isn't me
Is she related to Olivia?
https://youtu.be/HTzGMEfbnAw [Embed]
*fills out guitar lads request form*
https://youtu.be/8LhkyyCvUHk [Embed]
Morning
I'm north west England. 
Hey mate, good morning! 
I was meant to have another sailing lesson but it chucked it down. Faith is out for the day with her mum so looks like I'll be going for a walk and grab an Irn brew and bag of space raiders and play vidya later. 
Have you managed to get anything planted yet, maybe some pots? It's going to be a busy one this year for your greenhouse.
lmao nurses freaking out because they have to do their job 
imagine working to be a mechanic 
And then 6 days a week you have to fix motors 
And then moaning about it what a fag
good morning lollers! Enjoy your comfy walk and snacks and vidya x
im just working out listening to radio X and going to cook up some poached eggs! also I watched all of cowboy bebop its 10 out of 10 
have a good one mate!
Watching SSM's hungover ramblings about cutting down on alcohol hits differently when you yourself are as hungover as he is. I also stink of shit this morning, for some reason. So get in there.
SEASIDE UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkRKRFMKM5I [Embed]
He taking a week off the wooze
He go on holiday next week with Helen
the above is a bizarre poster.
Ah yeah, I forgot you're wanting to get yourself a boat. How are the lessons?
I've got beetroot, chard, carrots and onions in pots. Never thought to get them in the greenhouse to germinate. Oh well.
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
Lazy British fucks slacking off on the clock. Get back to work you fuck!
everyday we above ground is a great day and there's always somebody worse off than you so fucking in there lids
morning spam mong
helperturd going to run his routines off trip. so get in there.
Curtis bacon
low quality post are so easy to spot
Based Gianna Michaels enjoyer
pass out in chair
wake up 14 hours later
computer is still turned on, unlocked
ANYONE could have came in and made online purchases without me knowing
Why does she look so confused?
ffs smirnoff
my slaggy queen
haha you are not healthy my leeeeeed
I do honestly think she's confused, as it doesn't look like an L to her.
"why do you want the job?"
"i want the money."
"haha i think we all do at the moment. but why do you want THIS job?"
"i want the money."
got my feedback, shouldn't have said that, blah blah.
the fuck are you MEANT to say? this was a receptionist job. "i fucking love typing spread sheets mate. sorry i swore, just so thrilled about answering phone calls and that."
"why do you want the job?"
It has been my life ambition to work for a company such as yourselves, who provide a great service for the nation.
Ok, you're hired, start on toilet roll inspection machine#3.
You look at the job you are applying for and you make it your passion!!
OMG I love to work in the post room, learning about mail and the different aspects of post is really exciting for me, being part of the team helps me push my self to the limits, I believe I would make a real asset to the company and to my other coworkers. 
Etc...
Are you really that thick lad? 
You repeat some of the job description that you read online and spout nonsense about how it's perfect for you. Basic stuff.
Up in court tomorrow, if it doesn't go my way it could be years before I'm posting here again
all right then lads have you ever been in the opposite position where yes, you've googled the company or parroted the "personal criteria" and your enthusiasm for the company/role comes across as fake as fuck? because it is?
(been told that one a few times)
I sent 50 to my femanon princess yesterday
I have relapsed yet again 
might as well just stay in today and eat snacks and play games
You can read the person who is interviewing you, if they are chirpy you lie your ass off. if they are moody and look bored you play it slow and easy
Basic shit, I have gone for jobs that i don't care about and got the job, I just ghost them and block their emails and numbers, I really should only take jobs I can be bothered to work
Fockin ell proper good sleepingham this was
Heard the schizoid unemployed fucker stomp and slam shit around again thoughbeit, at one point it bled thru and then right when i took me muffs off again in me beddington, as per usual
Sometimes I come here 16 hours a day, very rarely though because I've usually got stuff to do, but I understand why I do it, nothing out there is as relatable as 4chan
If women won't give me love, I won't give to society.
Some helpful filters for spammong's newest "gimmick"
/dead/i:op:no;boards:r9k
/dying/i:op:no;boards:r9k
Fockin ell proper good wankingtonshire this was
shit happens loser lad 
I have so far not relapsed at all just got myself on spoil mollys fan site for 4 quid not a bad deal. 
mumbergs selling the house next year so i actually have to save up now haha
what vidya you plying? x
mumbergs selling the house next year so i actually have to save up now haha
are you going to have to move out?
I want to work for absolutely nothing, while doing last-minute slave hours with no paid overtime or night pay, 4 on 4 (-4) off, at a 'competitive' minimum wage, spending half of me wage for a non-tax-deductable mars bar at the company-owned feeding station while not raising a peep. Oh, and rather than the 'usual' duration of probationary period, could you just put me on ice for all the time I work here? I just love the risk / no reward of being fired at any time, really keeps the spirits up.
I want all this luxurious standard of life because I know Mr Albanian wants this job just as much as me, and if I don't say this he will get the job instead (because he is 100% happy to work slavewages). Would you like a complimentary handjob? I'll put the kettle on the boil and give some of my finest chamomile tea, paid off with part of my inheritance from old grandma. She'd loved to have seen me in the chains of neo-feudal wageslavery she would, and no prouder for Mr Paki and his 3 whore-a gora secretary women in HR such as yourselves. I can tell my 5+ year accredited diploma in advanced mechanical and civil engineering will do wonders for the shelf-stacking and floor-cleaning here - after all, I just need that mandatory job experience, and in no time I'll be home running in the job of my dreams (Home Bargains Assistant Store Manager)
It is, it's just a way for them to filter who they do and do not like. you don't even need to try being a nEET in this day and age, you can apply for 7+ jobs a week and still be out of work for most of the better half of a decade (I sure as fuck have). Doesn't get old. Get ready for the 'you're just not the right person for the job' (aka not diverse enough) or the 'we're not looking to employ people right now' (as they have the hiring listing still up).
You're gonna fucking love learning first-hand how bad things really are. Not like you have a choice boyo. You'll be stepping in bear traps to figure out they even exist.
aye tbf it's never been some horrific corporate boardroom or whatever, just some bloke/woman and we've had a bit crack on, they might be casual, serious, tired, whatever, fine.
it's still just so fucking pointless. "actually, i prepared a dance routine about how much i love toilet inspections."
honestly the best one is when they do those situation/response or "have you been in a similar situation?" questions. toilet roll inspection machine #3 catches fire, what do you do?
better than "i think toilet roll inspectors play an important role in our society, and ToileCorp has a rich history of..."
Yeah you're right there. Might as well try again another day.
my parents want to sell up and for me to move out too, but am only just out of my overdraft so fuck knows what I'll do. Just taking each day as it comes currently. I am re-playing KCD right now, it's one of my all time favourites.
Is 'spam mong' in the room with us now?
2x wanks and it's not even noon yet
Fookin ell lads
 I know Mr Albanian wants this job just as much as me, and if I don't say this he will get the job instead (because he is 100% happy to work slavewages). 
https://www.thebureauinvestigates.com/stories/2023-04-13/its-almost-the-same-as-living-on-the-street-this-is-how-people-picking-your-vegetables-have-to-live
tl;dr: them lot coming over here to work on OUR farms, it's bad.
now we also don't want them lot coming here to work in OUR hospitals.
i'm not racist, but, what do the racists want? should incels start breeding so we get a quick boost for the NEXT generation?
Not been told that, but not really had many jobs. Some agency work, then my last job. I had to have 2 interviews for the last 1, the first I messed up because I was asked about strengths and weaknesses, and thought I'd answer honestly (shouldn't have), and said my weaknesses was I'm not as friendly and chatty as everyone else, and don't make friends easily, but my strengths are I can learn, then give me a task, point me in a direction and watch me go.
The 2nd time they just kept asking about problem solving, and how I dealt with it. Took me a few years to realise they'd asked that because there were constant problems in the role I was in.
Plan for radical reform of Britain
Population cap of 69 million
Ban the contraceptive pill
National service for 2 years, doesn't have to be military
Slot machines capped at 20p per spin
More police on our streets
Foreigners only allowed emergency medical treatment, then they get sent back
Build more prisons
Bring back guns for law abiding citizens
Scrap HS2, use the land they have forcefully acquired to build a motorway
Bikes only permitted in cycle lanes
More apprenticeships for proper jobs (electricians, plumbers, bricklayers)
Put an end to dossing about, 3 months to look for your own job, then get one assigned to you.
Diet cancelled already fucking lmao
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zGlnQHS1WA [Embed]
2x goon before noon? You buffoon, you'll run out of coom.
why do you have a particular fetish for black men?
HOLY SHIT
MINIMUM WAGE IS 
23 PLUS 
10.42
21 22 YEARS OLD
10.18
18 20 YEARS OLD
7.49
16 17 YEARS OLD 
5.28
THIS IS CRAZY
Spam mong take a break from 4chan ffs
I just enjoy women pleasuring huge cocks
Show me a white man with a cock that big?
never used filters before what the fuck does this do
Build more prisons
Foreigners only allowed emergency medical treatment, then they get sent back
why these?
why not some kind of 'community' in between that also covers
Put an end to dossing about, 3 months to look for your own job, then get one assigned to you.
maybe
National service for 2 years, doesn't have to be military
?
serve the country, you can doss a bit but you also get a boxroom, essential healthcare, and two meals a day.
Show me a white man with a cock that big?
rules don't permit selfies m8
who'd want to hire exclusively teenagers? not me, ha ha.
who the fuck is spam mong
also, is this image for ants?
He will never lose weight
He will hit 20 stone this year
There will never be a fresh start
Will that be alright with you my leed
So get in derre my leed
who the fuck is spam mong
Footlad and Shippy are the spam mongs of /britfeel/
Could you point out some of their posts? Am I just too used to the spam?
"selfies" now apply to your cock
here's a selfie i took in York lads
p-point out their posts
You are spam mong
The soft, velvety walls of Ruth's tuppence
Yes, people are totally sane and normal
I'm not spam mong, I don't really come here
Is it this guy
He will hit 20 stone this year
SSM was 19.5 stone earlier this this year. I wouldn't be surprised if he hasn't already hit 20 stone.
I-I'm rarely here
Yes spam mong confirmed lmao
Ruth's city.
can you just fucking point out the posts that you feel are created by this "spam mong" or are you just unwilling because you don't know
"It's a shame everything they sell is bollocks."
=
"shame" + "bollocks"
=
"shambolic"
Learned this from that lass off Countdown, me. Never even heard of "amphetamines" to be honest with yous.
'we're not looking to employ people right now' (as they have the hiring listing still up).
This is actually a huge problem. Many job postings are basically fake, and the companies have them up for their own selfish reasons.
They are there incase someone quits last minute and they have CVs they can call. Or checking to see which kind of people apply and how much demand there is for a job so they can change wages when they actually need someone. Or keeping a job up with no intention of hiring but incase some once in a lifetime 'perfect' candidate applies.
Don't be so fucking vulgar, mong.
If you don't live in a good, respected, high house price city like York, you are a second class citizen to me.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zuby
so this is a real guy and his real opinions? like Ezra Miller.
you know what this is absolutely great. it's not just writing a letter to the bass player of Joy Division and maybe he gets back, or he says something dodgy in an interview for a magazine.
they should all go on Twitter and talk about demons now. always.
Another sausage that doesn't know the law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFiloGf60Ro [Embed]
Tickles me the wrong way when people say "this is my..." to anything but their own home. Fucking power-tripping mongs.
Old news lad.
Pic rel is very close to how it is over here
t. tried the exact same shit, with the exact same results
We didn't end slavery, only reworded it and let the plebs 'voluntarily' apply for it.
I'm gonna need you to inhale these and tell me if these need throwing out.
i remember once i got a rejection email from a job i applied to 7+ months ago. so they were farming applications and they only looked at them many months later when they needed someone. shit like this should be illegal. wasting fucking time on applications like this without even knowing.
She goes to museums and live performances pretty much every week. Young people aren't poor so they keep saying.
Seaside having a week off drinking. His going away next weekend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkRKRFMKM5I [Embed]
If this guy can get a gf, so can ruthmong. Simple as.
Me and Ruth walking down the cobbled roads in the rain under the umbrella. The amber lit lamps glowing and reflecting from the puddles. Womfy.
seasideMARK drivel
Auditing 
ASMRtists drivel
Waaaah waaaah my life is shit, no gf no labour etc..
What HHL is eating, drinking, playing, watching
Personality drama
German posting about wanking, spaff, farts, shit and imaginary conflicts with his landlord and imaginary girlfriend.
all right spam mong
No I can't. I wouldn't know where to get my foot in. I have no experience unlike him.
SSM is hardly an experienced womanizer. He spent his youth shut away because of his TMAU, which he didn't know he had at the time as it was undiagnosed (diagnosed in 2005).
God Dammit, it's 12:27 and i've been sat on here since 6am I am wasting my Sunday and days off work
I NEED MOTIVATION TO DO SOMETHING!!
me in work
"Oh yes, cant wait for some time off, i got some shit to do, maybe go a nice drive/walk now the weather is improving"
me when im off
"Eh just gonna make a coffee, have a wank and go back to bed"
Ruth's a straight A student.
SSM was engaged to a muslim and spent his entire 20s working and partying until he decided to give up and become an alcy for 30 years.
He's bragged multiple times about how many women he's creampied. Hundreds probably. It great
ALRI there my leeeeeeeds
so get in x
all the reasons this shit general should be sent to TRASH. 
cheers x
She doesn't like nasty people. She used to be fat. You just come from a bad place.
https://vocaroo.com/1ld7H91Bh73i
YOOOOOOOOO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dqh-CsjiX3U [Embed]
Me in bed for days, maybe I should get up before work Monday.......................Alarm goes off, oh fuck here we go again to work
Soon as I climb in bed I stay here until the day of work, even if I have four days off
based AB sticking cameras in random people's face. takes a right psychopath to do that.
get a life m8 wept.
Can't do it, my bed is too comfy and I work so hard I get drained, plus I am addicted to the internet
Is this their new trick now? Playing copyrighted music to get auditors to fuck off?
blog on brother
x
Yes but I'm sure it counts as fair use still. At least their ugly mugs are now available to see online. Can't stop that.
Fucking mental lads. They aimed a taser at him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyua-JYSxpk [Embed]
mental when you filter all the spam keywords how many post are him. genuinely quite mad haha.
City of London police bored out of their fucking minds so any excuse to have some fun. TYRANTS.
I think i'm gonna start hooking up with old milfs, how horny are old women for young man cock?
It still doesn't explain why I can't get a gf. It's not because I'm nasty. I only went that way when I got fed up of being alone. I don't mean to say these things.
You posted this twice yesterday, fuck off.
ugly mugs 
You're literally to grotesque to go outside.
no clue mate try tinder and hinge and going to fitness classes at the gym etc where bored horny milfs are.
Chad treats his girls like a debit card. He taps and goes.
You are nasty. You're horrible to the ASMR girls you claim to love and your other main hobby is getting an adrenaline rush from watching youtubers harass members of the public. Your personality is based on spite, and there are plenty of others in your exact same position who aren't horrible like you are.
Proper bored right now me
Garn pop some stims i reckon
How can he have a flying chance when most of Tinder's userbase is male?
you miss 100 percent of the shots you DONT take mate.
It's a pretty bad one. They need exposing. Disgusting response that was.
Silly mong probably goes on boomer facebook with the other bootlickers and got this idea from there. Sad! Lot of hate for auditors there.
Ruthmong getting tased until he swallows his own tongue
Ruthmong getting teased until he swallows his own cum
sad little freak will be here all day.
grim.
Just wear a lot of layers and you won't feel a thing.
I never used to be this way. This is what years of loneliness and never being desired does to a man. I have every right to be nasty now.
he comes here for attention whatever way he can get it. SImple ignore the twat and he will slink off.
Fuck off footlad. Post some more fatties.
Wife has banned me from watching porn, all i've got left is this thread which i haven't told her about.
Do you lads read books?
She used to be skinnier in 2021 but now her metabolism has slowed down.
point out the posts that upset you, little fella
Can't be doing that when there are 200 hours video games to get through.
Wife has banned me from watching porn
based wife desu
Sometimes I make some astronomically poor decisions in life desu
That's good. I was going to say dick and pin.
I ain't scared of the mongs outside. I just can't be bothered.
Photography isn't a crime.
Yes, I've read 25, haven't you?
fuck me right so far ive worked out tidied me room had breakfast and showered like just been chilling now listening to Los Angeles critical mass full album 1998 whilst downloading porn and also the tv show From and the movie the artificial girl or sommet 
comfy evening ahead just need to power through a wank
Only nonces read books. Not a nonce are you?
BASED and PINAC'd SSM.
Stinking of shit isn't a crime.
/pol/ibrary
everything alright there little lad? or is the doom that is your cretinous life too much for you to handle? no sex or friends or love life. get in there my leeeed wasting your life here one day at a time all on for freee &lt;3
based auditors secretly trying to get public photography criminalised by using their legal rights as obnoxiously as possible, thereby turning public opinion against them
Look cunt I'd be out and about if I had my chance. Not everyone can be a winner in this world.
As if that could ever be enforced. It's here to stay. We will see this shit for decades.
fair enough mate as you were
cheers x
he's going to be clapping and gurgling and spamming /britfeel/ with auditing videos when he's in his 60s
Going to bed soon. Anyone else? Sleep is all fucking messed up.
a loser is someone who never tries 
so get in there.
If SSM wants a new hobby to distract him from gambling, he should get himself a DJI Mini 3 drone to play with. 
He could take aerial shots of Swanage and add them to his drinking videos.
and you'll still be here to read all his posts
it great
Best case scenario he would get drunk and pilot it into his own head by accident, then sell it at cash convertors. Most likely he would just break it. Good idea honestly.
fuck me imagine that foiotage the drone flying into this >>73149575
ffat cunts face up close god I would pay to see that
joke's on you smartarse i'm gonna be dead by then
right im off 
See you all later x
Nope, I had a decent 9 hours last night. Night anon.
Picnotrel.
I look better than that slob. He shouldn't even be allowed out.
https://old.reddit.com/r/autism/comments/10mj97d/dating_as_an_autistic_person_is_a_nightmare/j68q6er/
All these roasties and white knight cuck simps dogpiling on the guy just for posting some simple statistics, calling him "incel" et cetera rather than providing a coherent counter-argument grounded in logic lol 
Fucking hysterical really
Haha yeah you are definitely laughing, you absolutely didn't get so upset at the redditors that you felt the need to share it here
His latest gimmick is spamming reddit links
SAD!
Ruth's tuppence stretching to accommodate Tyrese's 8 inches in full
weather warning for thunder storms all day
Corrr de lads, luv me a good thunderstorm
Hopefully get them "shit your self" scary loud rumbles of thunder , nothing so far
doubt she needs to stretch it by now lid, will be well versed in taking gigantic members
black man have sex with ruth
xD
Ruths completely blown out tuppence
Right so I'm seriously debating not gojng to this wedding reception, pain in the arse to get to and back. However I have no way to contacting people who I told I was going, what should I do?
dont show up, say your car broke down on the way when anyone asks
Thread dies last night and Ruthmong is nowhere to be seen. Ruthmong kicks off his routines of ASMR trout's, woe is me posting and auditing. 
Confirmed, Ruthmong is a wagie that works nights. Possibly a security guard.
You've already asked lad. No one cares about this low effort make believe.
I still think your theory is daft, and he was literally the last post in the thread that died, and he's been here all morning too. Just wasn't getting enough attention at 5am to continue I suppose. He's a neet with a fucked sleep pattern, that's all.
I don't know why id make something so mundane, just need advice from the lads
I'll be getting the train(s). I think it would be very rude to just not turn up. Frantically waiting on my colleague to accept my damn Instagram request so I can message him
dont show up, say your train(s) broke down on the way if anyone asks
Please don't talk dirty about my Ruth.
Ruth belongs to Abood, not you.
This is /britfeel/ where the most dullest of dull spastics post, they make up the most mundane situation to be in and then they sit and grin clapping their fat greasy hands as people reply to their drivel.
What a rush, man...
Ruth wouldn't want a muslim bf. She wants a white bf like me. Same with her...she came to this country for a white man.
christ this man is so fucking boring and repetitive please stop giving him (you)s
There are lots of girls who like non-white men though. They have their preferences.
Have you not worked it out yet? He is talking to himself.
I was posting but I don't bump it out of respect to Americans.
Nope. Just a longterm neet who can't figure out the gf puzzle.
He's obsessed with the BMWF pairing
Ruth's 16k subscribers wondering why she doesn't post anymore. Very sad she stopped.
See Laurel is a strong girl. Even if I started posting more info she wouldn't stop her hobby.
Why would you do that, though? That's horrble
bored of the sadsack gimmick
asmr spring now at 90k. Literal stacey she is.
Ruth and LaureI's tuppences
If there's one thing I've learned from looking at slags on Reddit is that women are disgustingly messy and take no pride in their houses. Do some decorating and tidy up for fuck sake. If your only job is being an e-slag at least have some pride.
Tuppence arcades
That your band name lad?
Nope, that's penny slits.
He'll never put his willard in a tuppence, so he fantasises about non-existent black men putting their willard in ASMR tuppences.
No I wouldn't but I'm just saying she's a very strong, young woman. She may only be 5ft but she will not be walked over by men. You would be embarassed big time by her in a real life situation.
Imagine thinking pepper spray will save you when literal unstable men walk the streets with guns in the USA.
she will not be walked over by men
Strange you say that, instead of by anyone.
Exactly, he's literally here in daytimes too.
Friend is doing a PhD because he's too lazy to get a job. Twat
Not all women you fucking misogynistic sad excuse of a man. Clean your fucking childhood bedroom up now big boy.
I have every right to be nasty now.
t. hotel roastie
The chuds have been deployed
Shut up you fat slag, my house is immaculate.
Very weird lads. Took a nap and my PC was switched off even though I didn't turn it off and put it in sleep mode. Also when I turned my browser back on I got a 'didn't shut down properly, do you want to restore?'. Wonder if house lost power for a bit while I was sleeping?
My sleep pattern is whenever and you wagies are fucking fuming. There's no point being up at "normal" times as a neet.
The lifeless babby men are on form today.
Get a load of this. Idiot doesn't use a UPS.
t. meaty roastoid flaps
I go to sleep when I am tired. That's how nature intended it to be. My life shall not be ruled by an alarm clock. No wonder you lads look like shit.
Well why not? Why should I be nice? My life isn't on easy difficulty like a foid.
Don't you bang on about being a nice person?
Friend is doing a low paid job warehouse job because he's too dumb to get a PhD. Twat.
I've given people respect for the majority of my life. Look where it got me. I realised it was all a game of lookism.
A UPS in England seems a waste of money desu. I could count on a single hand the amount of times I've lost power in the last 5 years. Also I was asleep, so the UPS would have lost power too before I would have shut down the PC.
bored of britfeel now, goodbye
see you tomorrow probably
i will sleep 12-15 hours a day and still look like shit. it not right
Describe a time you gave someone respect.
If it was in sleep, the hard drive would've been spun down, fans off and only memory powered anyway. It's reasonably safe to lose power in this mode and not have hardware damage.
Goodbye, till tomorrow.
OK, so far I've, fannied about on photoshop, mined and crafted, now animu time while the cat sits on me.
It's all coming up dosshouse today.
don't finger your cat
Don't panic madam, I'm not a policeman and she's not a criminal.
A man paid me 50p for holding his dog whilst he went in the shop. I didn't have to do that. I could've let it go and legged it.
That's not being respectful, he paid you.
Paying ruthmong 50p to hold my apu while I go in the shop for bank holiday tinnies
A man paid me 50p
Whore
I love chavvy single mums /r9k/. 
This bitch is leading me on, saying we'll meet after her court with her rapist ex is over with. Its been months. She sends me pics like this constantly. I'm never getting into her chavvy pussy am I? Kill me now.
It's only worth being respectful to my ASMR girls these days. They're the only ones who understand me.
they are literal whores mate, leeching money off simps
Stop pretending to be me. Stop disrespecting my asmr baes as me. You don't have to be this way.
Lads like that though. There's a older woman who brags that her "foot boys" are paying for her birthdays and shit. She's almost sixty. I actually hate her more than the simps. They don't know any better, She's almost sixty and begs money from losers. Pathetic.
She looks good for 60 tbf.
That ain't her kek.
She doesn't know her face. Just her feet.
So FUCKING bored rn me
Need a faustian challenge in me life
God dammit I fell a sleep after my Pizza!!
day almost lost.
Bump. Thoughts bros? Should I give up?
Probably going to post some more of these until my bubble bath is ready, Using those Radox ones with stress relief
I really need to travel North to see Scotland in person, looks really good
I hope it isn't as cold and windy as my mind thinks it is.
what is it with you mongs like women with huge foreheads?
Would love to stick my tongue up her arsehole after she'd had a shit
a bit of gay sex is alright with me lads
I saw some guy abusing another guy because he opened a window on the bus, strange how people get angry over nothing
Imagine living in a castle, oh my bath is ready. I can soak for a few hours
Castle Stalker for me.
Castle thread?
I love castles
Bolton Castle is very underrated in my opinion. Used to have a lovely cafe there and a maze by the herb garden, always smelled lovely. Didn't see any larper lasses like the one in the picture when I was there though.
I challenge you to do something faustian.
Aye luv me castles
life of a wagie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fs2arBYp_T0 [Embed]
And no normal lad would think this way.
Shame, they've been renoivated.
I want a proper castle that hasn't been touched.
That looks comfy as hell in that one, I would love to live in one of those ones
By the 1600s, people didn't want to live in cold and damp castles anymore. Kings, queens and noble men wanted to show off how important and rich they were so they built palaces and great houses. Many existing castles were replaced with much grander homes.
Imagine if these cunts hadn't ruined everything
BRING BACK CASTLES!!
/castles/i:op:no;boards:r9k
Found a video of castlemong.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YrNVKYS62Q [Embed]
And try doing fhat 8 hours a day on minimum wage. I don't know how anyone could do it. It's so depressing to think this is all that awaits us neets.
Stupid William the cumqueer.
why should i work at the goyslop fast food that pays the legal minimum wage? a girl can just get on onlyfans.
You need a job first to attract the sloot, then you pimp her out on onlyfans, and profit.
I won't slave away. I will not give up my freedom.
DJ exposed. He has a wife and this is just creepy. Not right!
https://youtu.be/vmVY9MCQvXg [Embed]
So work in fast food, find some dumb girl, tell her I can get us more money if we whore it up on onlyfans? We may lose our dignity but it will beat slaving 8 hours a day doing mundane tasks.
Right. Decided on not gojng to the wedding reception. It's all just fucked on the trains. Messaged my colleague on Instagram but no reply. Oh well
Shame because I look fucking killer in a suit
slaving 8 hours a day doing mundane tasks
He spends 16 hours a day doing even more mundane tasks at home, for free!
Also Bamburgh is a lovely one too
Some girls work in Mcdonalds too, you know.
No idea why.
I enjoy watching them in their uniforms, they're attractrive and yet they have to wear those stupid hats and pants lol. Dumb bitches.
Loads of girls work in minimum wage. If he left the house he'd know that.
He should leave the house and make fun of them like the rest of us.
The silence as he contemplates his life decision to become a serial harasser.
Yes, but not we, her. You take the pics, and manage the bank account.
Wish I was a premium tier shitposter
Usually ugly, fat ones who will become single mums.
She sure looks fat
Kek.
Found an old portrait of my apu's distant relative from the 1800s. Being a maudlin wee thing must run in the family.
Mate, leave the house. There are tons of young attractive females who work believe it or not. You'll be amazed.
Proper scary that. Imagine going to some company and seeing your personal details plastered on the company's walls. Definitely an intimidating tactic to deter any future auditors. Very sinister. I could feel the DJ's chest stop for a moment there.
A 16th Century Scottish castle bought by its current owner to fulfill a childhood dream is on the market for just 150,000 with hopes of a quick sale.
They work the easier jobs. You'll never see them do back breaking warehouse wagie work. Always stuff like reception or HR. Girls would kill themselves if they had to endure the work men do to keep this country going.
You've been unemployed for years and don't leave the house. Why do you keep expecting us to believe you have life exerience? The main point of 90% of your posts is that you're too much of a skilless bumbling manbairn and that it's too late for you to do anything about it.
wife
I was 100% sure he was gay kek
they should never have started breeding out those long legs, bet the little lad could go a fair clip on his farthing
he's a bender
Fuck yeah just got paid!!
1600 pound what should I buy!!
Plenty of girls work warehouse jobs you mook. Kill yourself.
Sometimes I think that I've been shadow banned, but in reality my posts are just very boring and unengaging.
A nice painting.
It's really weird women women call their partners an incel, because they know it's not true.
Great ideas!! 
now to find something I like
A new PC also?
This one costs 549.99
Corr, would love to do some word processing on that bad boy
What about this one?
$260 usd
Simple and clean just as I like it, only use it to post here anyway, and maybe some MS-paint
If that's what you like. I managed to get a couple of nice oil paintings of landscapes. Unfortunately 1 night I REEEE'd, and they get damaged. Ebay has some decent things, I'll purchase something when I get the dosser payout next week.
He's better than any of us lads. He has a wife.
Ebay has some decent things,
ok I shall look on there, I have a lot of paintings and Prints already around my home, those signed ones
Lmao his wife is a right uggo.
I think I will get one of those gaming chairs, something Lab
Found 1 for hotel lady.
https://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/145056955723
Only 13 squid, 6 for delivery. What a bargain. I'd buy it myself if it was dosser payout day, ffs.
Ah, it's a bid auction, not buy outright.
He sounds like a teenager yet looks middle-aged. Odd.
lmao you're a lonely incel who couldn't attract anyone. you have failed as a man.
He sounds like your typical low class scum.
Does anyone have a secret lab chair?
Any good?
goes round filming people in public and posting them on youtube
shocked pikachu face when someone does it to them
they really don't like their own medicine these auditors.
Should go lad. Went to my friends wedding and shagged one of the bridesmaids after the reception.
The pig won't shag you if you defend her lad.
post something fucking interesting then cunt. here's your (you)
Oh so I just rot away then if there's no chance of hope? Thanks a lot.
Most British women beyond the age of 30 look like this I find. It's kinda grim to think about.
You say that yourself lmao. Stop acting like you know how the world works when all you do is sit in your smelly bedroom day in day out refusing to go outside.
whens the last time you lads went outside? me? touched grass on friday
Women work harder than men.
most white women. bad genes in whites
2018 for a nightwalk. Lost it's appeal after being beaten up by some rogue officers bored on their shift.
AND GO WHERE? What is there to even do with no friends?
In every job I have had not one women worked harder, one girl was doing 50 hours a week and that was her sat on her butt browsing her phone and eating, she would get up and dork hard only if the boss came into work, then it was back to sitting
Fucking hell would've did the same myself if females were just sitting around all shift.
being beaten up by some rogue officers bored on their shift
retarded larp
Friday morning and i'm not leaving the house until Wednesday
It sadly happened and of course bodycams weren't required back then.
You've never had a job lol
Shitty attitude. Get out and you'll make some friends.
I work, a lot
Wonder how long AB has got until someone starts posting his family photos. That's the downside of being a big auditor...you get a lot of creeps and angry wagies wanting to find out more about you.
I know how to go out but walking around doesn't really get you friends. Do I just knock on random doors and ask if anyone needs any friends?
I wonder if he realises that the auditors he obsesses over would definitely think he was a creep and a nonce because of his behaviour online. People like that don't take kindly to stalkers, e-stalkers, etc.
We kind of knew what she was like but she was friends with the bosses daughters, We didn't mind as long as she left us to get on with work but she was very distracting when she was bored
Not a stalker. Stop making me out to be something I'm not.
His wife posts her photos publicly online
You're not ruthmong?
You obsessively document the lives of young lasses and post them to 4chan. The auditors wouldn't like that one bit.
How do you leave stuff in your will to a child? Set up a trust or something?
They work the easy roles. Men have to do most of the heavy work.
It's a free country, tyrant bootlicker.
Who? i'm the guy posting images of land and castles
Nah, 
go pub
have pints
make friends
are you one of them auditors?
funny when they respond back and say "what's that?" really winds them up.
I'm not a drinker and don't feel like I should have to do that. There must be places to hangout where people value their health.
I'm asking though, do you think the auditors that you keep posting would be cool with your hobby of obsessively documenting the lives of young lasses and posting them to 4chan? I didn't say it was illegal.
This is not me btw. I only post audits for you lads.
auditing Ruths minge tonight
I beIieve in god
AB wasn't invited to the mass audit
Sad
That was some impersonator. I don't know what you mean by asmr. I'm into auditing and watching police brutality vids.
COOL, which one?
have you choosen the correct one, if you picked the wrong one you end up with the other gods Wrath at the end
I don't know what you mean by asmr
I didn't say owt about ASMR you little lying toad
AB likes to do things solo to protect his identity. He moves around in an unpredictable pattern too so it's hard to catch him for camback.
COOL, which one?
have you choosen the correct one
it was mentioned further up. you must think I post that too.
Are you going to tell me which one you follow?
I don't know what you mean by asmr
Why are you acting like you are not ruthmong?
No you're not. Don't be so fucking horrid.
I fancy a curry tonight lads. What should I go for?
They're different lads. No way someone could like confrontational men and then start going on about some young asmr bints.
Are you going to tell me which one you follow?
yes, god.
big fan of our lad SSM I see she is
Having a hand cooked southern fried chicken thighburger aren't I? What an experience. Crispy chicken, mayonnaise, lettuce, red onion, processed cheese, special spices.
Just what a fucking experience and when I mean it's lush I mean it's as LUSH as Seasidemark means LUSH. No washing up for me my lads
https://youtu.be/F4D1p7eKMBc [Embed]
lower case god?
It's just opposite sides of the same perpetually whiney transparent coin, you're not kidding anyone
yeah thats right m8
Went to KFC to get the bucket of 20 hot wings for 5.99 deal and they have only gone and ran out of wings. Absolute cunts
Ruth loves a thorough probing
Great thread everyone! Pints after, yeah?
Taco Bell any good?
Uber eats and just eat have ruined fast food. McDonald's and KFC are no longer fast. Can't go in without a load of brown drivers taking up half the shop demanding their orders and just generally getting in people's way
It's absolutely minging in a good way. I've only been to the one near me once because it is very dark and sinister.
My mates gf is really intense. Always asking penetrating questions, and what makes is weird is that he's your typical stoner slacker and she's a few years older and quite the careerist. She always puts him down infront of people and it's really uncomfortable. He's smitten though. Had to dip when I was with them last night because I just couldn't stand it any longer
Small portions, but relatively cheap
I found the food kind of bland, but not unpleasant
Restaurant was absolutely filthy though
5/10 wouldn't recommend
You've really hit the nail on the head there
Me? I like going to McDonalds for breakfast at 6am. I'm usually the only one there. Very comfy
Same lad, very comfy
Finished work, thats 100 good boy points banked for dossing around. better than shitposting all day I suppose. dont even mind it that much desu. The 5 hours of shitposting and browsing the internet feels more worthwhile than the 16 hour grind for no pay
tfw im one of those brown people
just want to make a few extra quid to live on
am hated for it
it's not fucking right.
Should've not sinned and your past life and been born white, spawn of Satan
My local mcdonalds has a separate space for them now and they are only allowed to stand there.
based whites only queue vs the browns queue
post timestamped hand. you won't
you're alright lad, you bring me my burgers at any time of the day.
Here's an idea. Get a fucking real job you dosser. No man with self respect should be delivering food.
don't want pakis and other assorted browns in my country
Pretending you're brown? Weird larp, even for britfeel
That's better, but still the whole delivery thing still fucks it up. You used to be able to turn up at peak time and judge how much of a wait you would have by the number of cars at the drive through. Now you can go in and they might be busy drive through but also have a steady stream of delivery orders coming in and they end up too busy they can't cope and it fucks it up for everyone. Also what mong orders delivery McDonald's. Waiting over an hour for cold soggy chips delivered by some ropey bloke on an electric scooter. Nah no thanks
He's getting very angry at the obvious joke posts again
My local McDonald recently did the same thing. It resulted in less seating for customers though
Waiting over an hour
It takes about 15-20 minutes from ordering to arriving usually. Sorry about your bad fast food experience lad but it's genuinely very funny how angry you are about it
I never see people actually inside McDonalds. It's just uber drivers when I'm there
Who the fuck wants to eat at a fast food place other than chavs. Take the food and go. Simple.
Not him, but my main gripe is that when they fuck up the order and I'm there in person, they can correct it immediately, but when some brain dead paki arrives in his 25 year old fiesta, it takes ages to sort out
this all comes down to one thing. internet. fucking internet has ruined society. generations of people just sitting at home not even bothering to go outside to get food anymore. a nation of slugs.
Only town centre restaurants have chavs. The most comfy ones are roadside ones on A roads
Uber eats
Just Eat
Deliveroo
My wife cooks my food
The virgin in person customer seething at the Chad home app customer.
Tell me you can't afford to order online without telling me.
Ordering goyslop from some paki
Chad
MUMMY I DIDN'T GET MY GOYSLOP FAST ENOUGH
Nation of ruthmongs. It not right.
Thank you very much Pranjesh
Here's a 20, keep the change!
If youre a fat 3/10 im disgusted to even read what you type over 4chan.
I cant wait to get the Big Goy, mmmm oh yes!
My mum cooks my food
girl I was talking to gave me the silent treatment for an hour after I suggested her taking an overnight bus. She's clearly angling for me to get her a hotel ("oh i don't have a place to stay there or a lot of money teehee"). How do I get the room but not lose face by appearing to be fooled by her games
Mmm mmm mmm!
That's scrumptious!
tell her she will spend the night at yours
Banging new thread for all the shit you've posted before
smelly bedroom 
fuck off troon poster you sad cunt
it's x personality
Why are so many of you like this? It's fucking bizarre. As if "smelly bedroom" is such a unique phrase that only one person could possibly use it
She's going down to that there London for some embassy shit / get railed . Well I totally buckled anyway
premature ejaculation again
You sucked off your mates playing FIFA dont try and diss me you disgusting twat
Mought be worth it if you're doing the railing.
Having a nice day gents, mrs is away. I got up, tidied the kitchen/living r
oom and then prepped and made a chili. Just had said chili and am drinking/smoking waiting for the snooker to start
Wish I could enjoy shite like snooker, chili and a mrs.
Fucks sake, went to cuckmere today and didn't take a single picture of a sign. Feel like a right mug, could have loads of (you)s from that
