your response /r9k/?
oriririririgini
Yeah, I'm okay with that.
your response
cry about it
oriririririgini
your response /r9k/?
My response is: Are you having a stroke? If so, please die, and if not, kill yourself.
you could say the same about media for women
how come none of men in anime are balding? why do women hate adult men so much, they're such pedos for wanting to images with kinder-gardeners hairlines wtf is wrong with women? Adult men hypersexualized with mannerisms of children, it's just too much
Just another classic example of femoids mad about men wanting ripe breedable women and not roasties who hit the wall
Old hags who are mad that they're no longer getting the attention they used to. People call anything (I've even seen people call 18-23 or whatever pedophilia) pedophilia nowadays. I don't take them serious.
Schoolgirl uniforms are incredibly vanilla and common amongst normies not even into anime
Yet women at the same time are all about wanting a man who dwarfs them, that provides for them, and they call daddy. Making a high pitched voice and acting retarded for.
And are disgusted with men who who treat them like equals or superiors.
Women don't like pedophiles because if youre a successful man like the presidents , the un, hollywood producers etc, youre not a pedophile; only unattractive men are pedophiles.
I agree but I don't care. It used to be a great gatekeeping tool, now not so much.
how come none of men in anime are balding? why do women hate adult men so much, they're such pedos for wanting to images with kinder-gardeners hairlines wtf is wrong with women? Adult men hypersexualized with mannerisms of children, it's just too much
You're just angry that women rightfully expect you should cover your cueball head when in their presence
This, most of the time someone is seething about attractive, young women wearing risque clothing, it's neurotic, washed up old hags who are seething with jealousy.
Pedo crap in anime is disgusting. IDC if it makes women mad or not.
What response do you expect? 
REEEEE REEEE TAKE REEE
Normie take* fuck
Cope. Wear a hat or get on finasteride, incel
I wont. What are you gonna do about it? Deny me pussy? I already don't get it kek
I already don't get it kek
It will be like this for the rest of your life
Wow, so that's her opinion? Well, it's sad the fact that I don't give a shit.
Not seeing how wearing a cap or taking Fin will change that so yeah I won't do it.
it's a tranny trying to change the focus
The same bitches who complain about shit like this are the ones who shlick it to rape and serial killer documentaries so their opinions don't matter
don't care
still love 2d
Bitch hit the wall at puberty.
children children child child little kid!!
i see very stylized cartoon alien looking insect humanoids with big tits so if that reminds them of their childhood them something must be wrong with american parenting
heck
Lolicons are based and loli is delicious.
and you're seething that young cute girls are more attractive then you old hag, women over 25 should be killed unless they have amazing genetics that makes them look young for longer
Lmao I got banned from Reddit cause I made a comment on that sub about nips not making kids and importing white chads to increase the population. Kike foids deserve the rope
weeb culture
I love how these faggots don't want to say "Japanese culture" because that'd be admitting to be racist against Japs.
Like the whole recent controversy over the new Fire Emblem game letting you romance a loli, faggots just criticized translation purists instead of the Japs that made it in the first place.
YOU HAVE TO DATE THE WASHED UP POST WALL SLUT
lol, lmao
no
cope, I'm 37 and dating a 20 year old.
Cry about it roast
People are getting extremely sensitive over anything pedophilia-related, lately.
Which is an accomplishment, because people were already sensitive over pedophilia, anyway.
I think getting a boner for sexually mature foids isn't pedophilia. I think cartoons are doubly so not pedophilia. I think fouds redefining "everything men want to fuck that isn't me is pedophilia" is pathetic.
Yet for some reason theyd translate ans VA those than most hentai that dont even have school girls at all. This is correct and I have to really go out of my way to find anime with just adult women getting naked instead. 
???????????
It's legal in my country so why even care?
r9k has the least self aware people ever lnao
seething foids can't compete with anime pussy let alone the android catgirl sexbots coming soon
But the seiyuus are adult women so this white foid is being racist
Does anyone ever feel disgusted about how much rape, stalking etc. is normalized in media aimed at women? People are ok with this?
