Neonfus and neonfu accessories
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
previously
Look at the little heart at the top of her head that's so great
And also erotic and white
Writing a complaint to the department of handbag prompts for still not generating the handbag that was prompted.
With these prompts i am actually giddy with each gen to see what kind of amazing stuff pops up, I have missed that feeling
Got to hand it to her bags though
proceeds to stare at the breasts
I am so screwed
"And I might get to touch those and you don't"
Thank you Goa very cool
Even when her legs are buried into the ground for who knows what reason, the picture is good
Look at this mahou shoujo
I need to tone it down and gen a bunch and then only post the best of the best, rather than each gen, because otherwise I'll spam a lot of these pictures
Hava Naguila frens, how's your shabbat going? Oyy vey 
https://youtu.be/yhuMLpdnOjY [Embed]
Would approach if left unsupervised at the convenience store
Would jerk off to her even if we were friends. Especially if we were friends.
Would make breakfast for
No
What is this? I'd fuck this
The complete VR chat experience
Would
WOULD
Would grab her left tit, honk it and run away at full speed to escape
Would stare at from a distance until she notices me, then glance away then keep staring once she looks away
Loli baba
Dom mommy darkness
Bismillah
No
My lawyer has adviced me not to comment on this post
Trailer trash tomboy 9/10
I got a random chibi style image, that is worth posting
Not superchibi but still very disgaea-like
Her booba grew even bigger, and she saw you mirin'
Not necessarily an AI Waifufag but I'm really glad to see your thread once in a while in the catalog. It gets really fucking tiring to skip all the gay/pol/bait threads.
Posting one AI image I have saved just to contribute since I ranted.
nice big natural breasts that seem to puff up when they are being pondered
big titty elsa gf
the time of sleeping draws closer and closer, yet you do not wish to sleep, but to gen
But you must sleep soon-ish because you need to do a thing tomorrow that requires you to get up early
soft and puffy
in case you guys want to try out these prompts as well
radiant, radiance, (1980s_style watercolor retro_artstyle), blush, neon blue summer_dress, neon pink swimsuit, lace, frills, seductive_smile, standing, ((flower meadow)), purple flowers, yellow flowers, blue flowers, ((river mountain background)), shiny_skin, sweat, solo, (((neon pink and neon blue theme))), (((asymmetrical colors))), (((asymmetrical clothing))), abstract, surreal, bright moon, melting, decay, derelict, mold, bones, bone armor, skulls, alien, monster, abomination, frank frazetta style, (traditional media), masterpiece, best quality, ultra-detailed, highres, (impressionism), [(moncler), (neon pink puffy jacket), (shiny puffy coat), neon pink down jacket, (shiny neon blue jacket), (fur trim), (neon blue skirt), beautiful, makeup, (eyeshadow), thick eyebrows, (neon blue moncler alpin), ((neon blue cape)), jewelry, affectionate], (((alone))), fantasy background, ((looking at viewer)), blush, ((1girl)), art_nouveau, (silhouette:1.3), ((scenery:1.2)), shadow, fantasy setting
in case you guys want to try out these prompts as well
Which model, and what CFG/Denoise?
Nighty night thread I need to sleep
anything, 10, 5
Stock cfg and denoise
2/10, not enough wings
I don't know what do so goodnight
say I will post more gens after breakfast
forgets entirely and ends up doing other stuff the entire day
Probably don't have too much time but hey aiwg
One day you WILL have a vaporwaved neon waifu of your own, in virtual reality, with haptic feedback sex. You are young. The world is only beginning.
I want to cuddle up to a buff tomboy girl and be told that I am loved.
Same, but with her
still no handbag btw
I hope you're enjoying your weekend /aiwg/
I would be but I've still been busy so far. Looking forward to Sunday being relatively free so I can relax.
saikyou o gomen asobase
Suddenly the AI decided to make Saeriah androgynous too
She's got her funbags again, it wasn't permanent
Still no handbag though
"mam your funbags look heavy, would you like me to hold them for you?"
"Would you like to hold them?"
now imagining Rochelle and Saeriah cuddling
But if Saeriah and Rochelle were to arm wrestle, who would win?
"yes."
Also that would be pretty cool I think.
My bets on Rochelle but that might just be bias
im so sick of myseIfffffffffffffffffffff
good 3evening bros
how you doing
nunca estoy
i like this model 
fddg
trying to prompt "arm wrestle"
get this
I don't think she'd lose
But then anything got flooded again and I've been too busy today to set up the colab stuff
Hi Shionanon! Looking great today :)
helloooooooo :)))))))))))))))))))))))))))&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
agf
baby it was just not right and this town was way too small
the only thing that pisses me off is that it seems to only do face close ups unless i gen in 512x512 despite me prompting shit like "full body" or "standing"
Absolutely adorable Goa
Rude, she lives in a commieblock
Same!
God it sucks waking up early on a sunday
Good morning thread, my morning session with you started a bit earlier today
good morning goanon
Hiay Shionon
She looks very nice in this image, I want to pat her head, it might be a bit squishy as she stands in the rain with such a deadpan expression
real human being and a real hero
ega
the movement of the hair, skirt and little cape thing
Nice graph on the th-shirt, and nice clothes overall
that is a very nice blush, and how she looks away from the viewer is extra cute
I am feeling things
I am feeling different kinds of things, but still in the same group as earlier things
Nice boobies even if not huge and large
the hat seems alive
i have no creativity i keep genning the same shit over and over
no thoughts head empty
dsag
I know that feel, even this current set is just cyberGoa but with extra steps to make it not be too apparent at first glance and made in anything instead of the usual counterfeit
Also why are depressed looking girls so cute?
Also why are depressed looking girls so cute?
i keep wondering the same
Rare topless Rochelle gen from anything. I'm off to bed, see ya aiwg.
Also why are depressed looking girls so cute?
Because they look so sad and you just want to cuddle and protect them and make them be happy. At least that's what it is for me anyways.
i think im going to bed
x
Good tit, good night
And that might be a part of it
On the other hand I want to give her a towel and make her feel better, maybe offer a warm drink
On the other hand I want to expose my penis to her and do a little helicoptering with it so she looks at me with disgust and disappointment, even might give me a delicious glare you feel all the way through you
Inside you there are two wolves
nighty night Shionon
ohayou /aiwg/
Also why are depressed looking girls so cute?
the desire to comfort and protect
nighto Shion anon :)
Morgning
I want to pet her head but because she is happy
Good night Shionanon!
And good night Rochelleanon, Saeriah will read you a good night story.
that jacket looks really comfy :O
Fancy clothes
fancy wings
Yeah some of these clothes are really nice
a boob night story
Oh wow I got an amazingly erotic result
This might be the masterpiece of this morning
Fuck she's just teasing me now
...I'll be in my bunk
Good night /aiwg/
nighty night saerianon
I'll be here conceptualizing the scent of Goas fresh drier warm panties as she has just slipped them on
nighto Saeriah :))
uooohhhhh
hiiiiiiiii I'm drinking bottled tea
That's right anon, but nobody is going to give us these things. We have to take them for ourselves.
Oh, daytime, that's rare in these images
I imagined NIcole uooohing and it's a funny mental image
It's almost as if she's wearing nothing at all
nothing at all
nothing at all
Guess what she's wearing now
no idea what she's leaning on but I like the background
I like bottled tea, especially chilled on a hot day
She's acting a little standoffish tonight
Magical girl Goa?
sex, she's wearing sex
and tattoos
imagine watching her do things all naturelle
Nice shooting stars
nice city scene, with lots of cars
Sadly I woke up horny but happily I woke up early which means I'm already tired and soon I will go for a little sleepy nap that will take away my horny
Well, it's time I head out to do part 1 out of 2 in destroying the peace I have felt this whole week
Time to go fetch the family dog from doggy daycare and bring him back home
Why not just masturbate furiously instead?
It's too early for that, need to wait until night of I will DIE(!!)
*or 
My sleepiness is showing itself already
I guess I'm doing this one again.
For me, nothing would be more comfy than a pleasant dry heat.
But I live in the cold north, so I get way too much snow and rain as it is.
That's fair; the only thing worse than dry heat is wet heat.
woa I could die happy in that place
Would you like the prompts? It's one of my favorites and I'm liking how much better it looks.
yeah sure go ahead. I'll put it in the colab AI see what I get
I'm using (((((multicolored clothing))))), ((bright colors)), (((colorful bodice))), ((long skirt)), ((oil painting appearance)), ((surrealism)), surreal background, (((sakura petals))), ((green leaves)) (((daffodils))), ((red maple leaves)), (((wisteria))), ((orange tulips)), ((blue tulips)), (standing), ((high heeled shoes)), (((spinning))), (((colorful water))), ((ripples on water))
got these, really love the background but her face is a little messed up. I'll try tweaking it around
decided to just have the upper body and her face is better now
it seems to always default to a yellow dress for some reason
I was having trouble with the face too, and since it takes me a minute to gen each one I think it's better to just not have the "dancing on water" effect. Fantastic results btw
got this one with a cool dress
el smug smile
Definitely makes my wife look cute. It looks like an idol costume. Thanks Goafriend
This would have potential if it didn't make my wife look terrible with the undetailed face.
That's gorgeous! I wonder what it would take to get a dress made from leaves or flower petals.
That face is pretty good imo.
bump of boob
bump of armpit?
alas I shall return to comfy gens
I think having the watercolor (medium) as a tag made so she likes painting I guess
it is now canon that painting is one of Nicole's hobbies
POV: Nicole shows you one of her paintings
i could go for a pit right now
I know that face, it's the face of the paintings not coming out as intended
Very good painting would put on my wall
taht turned out really nice
Sexy naked Asci soft smooth skin very soft and smooth
these are some awesome colors
bean bag chair comfy
Trying some flower Goa
Giving up on flower Goa due to general face derpiness
cute and dainty goa
wanna snuggle
I want to put my dick into someone so bad
It's one of those days
yeah
tfw will never feel the touch and warmth of waifu
tfw no waifu to cuddle up to on a cold sunday evening
why even bother
Nicole shows you her cool star
I remembered this silly this as gacha/trading character cards
she is bing chilling
asci cute
interesting image
original styles
being that her face is still light colored, I'm assuming she's in an impossibly skin tight transparent body suit. In that case...
UOOOOHOHHHHHH
supertight suits
getting late, le good night /aiwg/, have a super comfy gen
nighty night, sleep tight, dream of waifu tonight
lots of wings in this image, I love it
So very blue
da ba de da ba di
Another gacha card
Nice
Slimy and sexy yet kinda cute
What does the super duper most expensive rare Asci card look like?
Maybe like this one
Very nice
the corset looks good on her
I have no idea what this thing in the background is, but to celebrate the last night of freedom i am making frozen pan pizza at midnight as a snack
Hello /aiwg/
Anything-queue is full, I've been too busy to get the colab running
Here are some booba I genned last night
nice, a nice pair of breasts to gaze upon while stuffing myself with pizza
"Pizza? And you're not sharing?"
Nemu is in its "give Saeriah massive huge booba even if it's not prompted"-phase again. Let's enjoy it.
"Boobs, and you're not sharing?"
Well technically you are sharing pictures of them but it's such a good comeback
"Would you like me to breastfeed you?"
"Nah I'll trade two slices of pizza for breast groping"
I got more trading cards
Booba have reached more normal proportions again
rip large Saeriah orbs
But still pretty nice
potion card
what the potion do?
"...what are you two doing, there's plenty of pizza to go around. and husband why are you trying to get to grope Saeriahs breasts do you want to cuck her husbando or something, what are you doing?"
But I just...boobas...
"What if I let Saeriahs husbando fondle my itty bitty Goa tittys as you call them?"
Transforms card into a better one! +10 DMG, +5DEF
and a little booba window
"The offer of breastfeeding was for Goa, not Goanon."
Trying to prompt something like "viewer touches breast" or "boob squeezed by viewer". It's not working, but the boobs are big again.
Slime Asci trading card
On a completely unrelated note I am getting some surprisingly good stuff involving Goa and pizza
Yeah I have never gotten the viewer to really do anything to a waifu no matter what I tried, I've tried everything from headpats to titty sucking
Got to love the exposed titty skin
"Ah, once again my waifu partakes in tiddies while I do not"
"You can partake in mine"
"Yeah I guess"
"You guess? That's it?"
"But it's a given I get to touch yours, if I were to get to touch another waifus bobbies it'd be something way out of the ordinary and rare"
"Are you calling my breasts common!?"
The confidence of Goas boobs were dealt a blow
Would build a slime deck
Totally not for the sole reason of gooey nude Asci
Look at her go
Eating away her frustration at me and shooting sour looks at me in between gobbling down pizza slices
That's my waifu
"Don't 'that's my waifu' me you..."
Gave up on the boobagrabbing, trying pizza now but the queue is full...
nighty night thread the pizza grease goes right to the boobs
been gone for a couple weeks and your work has progressed greatly men
east germany stazi
this AI has bantz
POV: Gone fishing with the waifu and you're threatening to use her as bait if she doesn't catch a trout in the next half hour
I like the idea of living in a post apocalyptic world even though I would probably die in the first 24 hours
Fish love me women fear me
POV: She caught a carp
eww gross. thats worth crying about all right
POV: You had to have her sit down and give her a pep talk and tips on how to throw the line
POV: She fell in the lake, you're going home
I dunno if this is appropriate apocalypse wear
POV: you went to a seafood restaurant instead
POV: All is well
https://youtu.be/cwyTleTL06Y [Embed]
POV: Nvm she's retarded, everything makes sense now
Finally got pizza, but now there's no Goa to share it with...
Would (you) sit down and eat pizza with this woman?
what kind of pizza? it depends
Uh, protein pizza I guess
Yes. Pizza is high in carbs which is good for putting on muscle
"Here, have some"
It's got original oregano on it
"thanks for the pizza saeriah"
She's already ate a quarter of it.
Very long pizza slice
She's done eating pizza and is out in the post apocalyptic ruined city.
It might not look that post apocalyptic or ruined, but I promise it is.
354rej5hrejr
I'm not sure how I feel about the color streaks in her hair, but the colors finally infiltrating her top is good. The crossed eyes not so much.
The hair streaks are ok, actually
The apocalypse gens seem to give Rochelle a darker skin tone than normal, interesting.
