Whites cannot lose.
Yeah. I look like dollar tree Justin Timberlake and I still manage.
the famous industry-enslaved artists are acting more calorous while on tv
who coulda seen it coming
Now bring a short ugly white guy to Korean women. Bring a short ugly Korean guy to white Koreaboos. Bring a short ugly black guy to the ghetto rap loving girls. Guess what? None of them will be wanted. When will you guys realize that women only care facial bones and height and living vicarously through your racial chads conquering foreign pussy is so cucked and gay?
nice gaslighting whitoid. you'll never be a true robot.
I'm holding in some diarrhea
women only care facial bones and height
don't forget the full head of hair, that guy would be nothing to them if he were receding
lmao! i was out lifting YTs at the gym today, these big ole dudes cant even bench what i do lmao.
except one YT guy deadlifting 4plate, but i saw the straps on his wrists which makes it less impressive.
lmao YT boi YWNBK. keep cope posting your carefully cherry picked webms with zero context.
73143224
gookcel back and foaming already
Lol
Lmao
imagine being a big YT dude getting out benched by a K-Chad manlet! lmao, lift mogged.
imagine being a big YT dude getting out benched by a K-Ch-ACK
KEK!
"i'll show him! watch me post this carefully cherry picked couple"
lets see your entire cope folder, YT boi
YT boi status right now:
lift mogged
iq mogged
YT bois in complete shambles.
"I'll show him! ima dump my entire cope folder itt."
LOL do it, YT boi
gookcel cope
Lol
Lmao
"i'll show him! here is my most POWERFUL webm, it has never let me down!"
hey YT boi, how about you post content from the last 5 years? lol nice cope!
gookcel foaming
Lol
"this cake penis totally means YT!"
kek
gookcel confused and enraged
Kek
they're -still- cope posting
gookcel still foaming
Is bullying asian boys necessary?
t. 190cm white male
"if i post my strongest cope, i win this e-battle."
I don't know why they do this either.
Also white male, but only 5'10.
I like other races. It would be boring if everyone was the same.
more gookcel cope
Lmaaaooo
i'm not even asian but seeing the constant bullying they have to endure from whites despite causing no trouble is making me profoundly hate whites
where lol. only blacks hate asians.
something tells me they wouldnt have the same reaction if it was picrelated in the room instead
Success breeds jealousy.
How can brownoids cope?
Arent whites dying at a faster rate than new whites are being born?
How is that success?
"pweese gibe me attenshun, im a YT boi on the internet"
