post your opinion on the perfect age gap for the standard fembot /r9k/ poster
I prefer my fembots underaged
I think a 25 yo robot and an 18 yo fembot is the perfect gap
Around 10 years easy. I'm 28 btw.
Is there is no perfect age gap. In fact, there probably isn't a perfect couple either. It's just a matter of 2 people who can make it work.
6-9 years
as in you're 25 and he's 16
I'm one year and three days older than my gf. I remember asking her when I turned 18 and she was 17 if I was gonna get in trouble. She laughed and said no.
That is a pretty retarded thing to ask
Yeah but would you really expect more from someone who is on this site? Im glad she's still with me all these years later :3
people tell me i look 16
I am talking to a younger femanon and my mind and heart are in conflict. I like her company but don't wanna make her feel uncomfortable and be seen as a creep.
Deep down I'd love something to happen but... this is all scary, you know?
do you have matching personalities and interests? is she mature about it?
mine is a couple years difference maybe
that's cute
do you have matching personalities and interests?
Obviously not at 100%, but way enough for me. At least that's how I feel.
is she mature about it?
In a refreshing way, yes.
thanks anon my gf always calls me cute or her silly boy stuff like that
just turned 18 and age gaps are the hottest thing ever. whether a guy is extremely younger than me or extremely older idc, its just the age gap aspect thats hot
obv im not retarded enough to seriously pursue a relationship like that because nothing good is going to come out of it but its nice to fantasize anyway
im not retarded enough to seriously pursue a relationship like that because nothing good is going to come out of it
Jail on the younger side but for someone older a good story may come out of it. Unless this is nothing but a fetish.
Just 1-2 years honestly, preferably she be older which is weird since I like lolis
kek i wouldn't pursue anyone younger too seriously, i definitely prefer older men. but nothing serious could come out of a relationship with an older man cause they would undoubtedly move onto someone younger as soon as you age a bit so yeah this is most probably a fetish thing. theres more important things in a relationship anyways, like love and uhhh NOT projecting your parental issues through kinks
I'm 20 and broke, is that good enough for you?
they would undoubtedly move onto someone younger as soon as you age a bit
If you look for someone only for sex, yeah. Otherwise many men just want stability. A cousin of mine was 30 when he met his girlfriend and she was 17. This was more than a decade ago and they are still together.
theres more important things in a relationship anyways, like love and uhhh NOT projecting your parental issues through kinks
Well, yeah... If that's the reason it might be wise not to go too far. But still, good luck Anon.
im south asian and riddled with mental illnesses. is that good enough for you?
true, im sure there are exceptions out there. i was generalizing but it gives me slight amount of hope
thanks btw, hope you find your dream person as well
he has to be 10 years younger than me or more, i dont date moids over 21
hope you find your dream person as well
Thanks!
Absolutely. Anything that's worth waking up for.
lmo you old
we're in a relationship starting today alright? don't look at other women pls...
Real or fake? or both
but nothing serious could come out of a relationship with an older man
Only if you're specifically looking to date age gap fetishists. Older men looking for a stable relationship obviously won't mind dating someone a bit younger.
unironic or ironic idk i guess we'll never know
get me a visa tho plis
You don't want to live here. It's a perpetual cycle of wage and coom for me. You should find asian chad and have the good life. JBA or something
personally? i'd want one probably 3-4 years older than me. the idea of someone with more experience with me, who's been on 4chan even longer than me sounds amazing and super comforting in a weird way
its not much better here being a girl lol id rather live in a shit place with someone i like at least. also not to sound gay or like a pick me but i dont like chads because they tend to not have much personality anyways
That's not really the point of chad anyway, really just supposed to be a human honeypot of a girl's pipe dreams. At least that's how I think of it. Some women see through it and don't care because they're whores.
that is very goals of y'all
how long have you been together 
when i turned 18 i got spooked by a younger guy. but when i was 16 i was with an older guy but it's legal where i am
sooo stacys are any different? lookism has always been a thing for both genders but its an unfair part of life like poverty or just about anything else. why keep seething and not just make the best of what you've got
one or two years either way is what I would like... preferably we would be the same age though
Just kiss and be happy together you morons
tfw no 18 y/o femanon to call me daddy while I pound her out and while we cuddle after
precisely 8 years, nothing more and nothing less
my ex did that as his idea then blamed and berated me for his kink because he is crazy
lol based and facts
Have a seat, anon-chan.
Move aside, old man.
 6-9 years as in you're 25 and he's 16
tfw no adult woman predator to rape you as a teen
 I remember asking her when I turned 18 and she was 17 if I was gonna get in trouble
Have you ever heard of Google, mongoloid? Jesus Christ
Men can't be raped, silly! You'd be as horny and entusiastic as her.
im 18 and my bf is 15
men
shinji ikari
im 18, ideally would date 21-30 yo robot
i think older men would make me feel more secure, though im sure that just a sense of false security... im 18 year old girl &amp; would date up to 28 if i liked him lots
tfw no half-my-age gf to cuck me with shotas
I'm 30, would honestly prefer a fembot at least 24?
I went on a date with a 19yo as a 32yo. We had nothing in common. She looked amazing but that was it. It just seemed weird. She was a little girl with big problems. I couldn't really see her sexually after seeing her irl for the first time. It was a child in a womans body. The whole experience only made me me feel sorry for her. Sad how easily young girls can be manipulated by older men.
