Fatbros, what's his secret?
why do women only like fat ethnic retards???
Bbc, I'm gessing?
He must be like 8"
lol his fupa is like a safety barricade preventing her from getting the last few inches in
Check out his Rolex. It's all about money.
this reminds me of fat Mr Incredible jumping up and down on a dildo while farting gem
BBC pill is so brutal, I wish I was black.
Money. Plain and simple and she has daddy/chubby fetish
my ex told me she likes chubby dudes because "there's more to grab" and "there's more weight on me"
t. skeleton
money and drugs. one or the other or possibly both. this is usually how it is with black dudes that score, who aren't Tyrone. either they get the girl high, give her money or have a lot of money usually from dealing drugs.
i mean shes literally an escort (miami) so i guess his secret is he paid her
god i want a fat ugly bastard to violate my innocent petite girlfriend
Drugs or an escort
Fat negros like this that go abroad are called "passport bros"
There's many videos online of fat negros banging latinas and asian girls abroad but it's obvious that they paid for it
The unironically drive up the rates flashing their money and all that, taking the whore out to dates in Colombia and shit
Some go on to marry girls abroad
Dude all the data shows white men are the most popular race on dating apps by far. Even Latino guys are more popular than blacks
Then get money
I've known obese white men who have had astounding women. Some women like fat guys.
It's funny because although I'm only a little overweight, I feel disgust when I look in the mirror.
i dont want to sleep with literal escorts though
whatever
Why? If women are as shallow as blackpillers apparently believe, who cares if they genuinely like you?
i dont believe that though
Ok fair (I don't either)
made you feel some type of way huh?
little white girl like that getting DEFILED by a fat black asshole
she is the one in on million of women who legit have a fat fetish.
