what do you put on your white rice to make it more flavorful?
garlic and salt
Taco seasoning anon
butter and honey. duh.
I usually like to mix it with the sauce thats on whatever else Im having. Butter chicken for example
Literally anything. It's fucking white rice dude. Mix it with some sort of meat/vegetables and a sauce. Boom you have a meal. Aldi sells premade jars of curry sauces and I love that shit.
soi sauce
desu
Bhuna curry sauce, chicken and vegetables.
egg and meat sauce
Milk, obviously
idk. ask the s/ck/izos
those are pretty good. their chili mix is good too. aldi is best.
Can't you get salmonella from raw eggs? What kinda psycho eats raw eggs?
What is this from?
original
Can't you die in a car crash? What kinda psycho drives a car?
You'll usually be fine from eating raw eggs, just like drinking unpasteurized milk. However, there is always a small chance of an infection and that's why it's generally best to avoid it. Hell, real sushi (fish is actually raw) can give you parasites.
Mayo, sesame, onions(a tiny bit), fish fluff, smoked paprika.
That's how I season the rice, after that I just saute a bit of onion, meat and veg in a sweet black bean paste.
A cheap meal that tastes good and fuels me for 6+ hours of shitposting.
you can get salmonella from drinking milk. I used to eat a lot of raw eggs but I had to stop because I became allergic. Keep in mind that even most cooked eggs are raw. If you properly cook an egg through most people would call it overdone.
OniAi
brainwashed slave mentality
furikake, the umeboshi one is good
Driving a car provides a benefit. Just cook your damn eggs, it's easy, takes barely any time and is so much nicer.
I grew up on a farm and drank quite a lot of unpasteurised milk, never had a problem, so perhaps based on that raw eggs are fine? Still don't really get why I would.
That image is fucking revolting. Cook your food, you slovenly ape.
Mozzarella cheese. Try it with freshly cooked rice.
take it easy on the curse words buddy this is a rice thread not the pool hall
Boil it in milk and sugar with a little vanilla essence added. Until the rice is cooked and the most of the milk evaporates.
corn, peas, diced onion. Salt and pepper. Meat, whatever there is in the freezer
sunny side egg
you can also cook it in coconut milk instead of water, and throw a bay leaf in too - gives it a good rich savory flavor
vinegar and onions sauce, kino
