I keep being attacked for having autism and i cant take it anymore.
bullied for collecting recyclables and "garbage" (I like to keep things like containers and jars to reuse and i take extra bags and napkins from stores to use around the house)
bullied for fermenting foods
bullied for vaping
bullied for talking to myself and making weird noises
bullied for trying to be very nice and coming across as a phoney shapeshifting alien
bullied for not knowing what love is 
bullied for watching lolcows when i just find them comforting 
bullied for being a jobless failure
bullied for trying to be Christian
stop trying to throw it in my face that i'm a callous hoarder like my mother. I don't know anything else.
are you a woman
o'igger
Just be you fuck them
fermenting foods
bullied for watching lolcows when i just find them comforting 
stop gaslighting, you are the real bully here
what's wrong with fermenting foods? 
how is it bullying if i never say/do anything mean? i just watch
The collecting garbage thing seems kinda odd desu but I guess it depends on the specifics and how much
Also I can't watch lolcows without getting huge second hand embarrassment
Anyway you seem nice and you don't deserve to be abused by normalfag society
The collecting garbage thing seems kinda odd desu but I guess it depends on the specifics and how much
Not him but
walking through park
see bush full of birds all chirping happily
look down and see a 2 liter of coke in the middle of the bush
I fucking hate this species
I hope that AI wipes this planet clean of 99% of this fucking species. So many people don't deserve to be alive
Oh yeah picking stuff up and binning it is good and more people should do it but I wouldn't feel comfortable taking that 2 liter home and using it myself
Oh yeah picking stuff up and binning it is good and more people should do it but I wouldn't feel comfortable taking that 2 liter home and using it myself
Not at all I dumped it into the recycling after emptying it I think
plastic bag stuck in tree near my house
been there for months now
no way to get up there and get it down
It makes me so angry
I honestly stopped recycling because at the end of the day the planet earth will be fine, it will find a way, and will continue on 
Getting rid of pollution so this filthy species can save it's own skin
i dont collect garbage that was thrown away, i just keep the ones i have instead of throwing them away and wash and store them. I'm embarassed i might be carrying on my families hoarder lineage but i feel like it's the only thing I collect and i'm being thrifty. 
it's hard for me to watch lolcows too these days because I realize i find them comforting because they remind me of myself, it's a bad habit. Thanks, anon, you take care. 
I relate this anger towards people who litter. I also feel similarly when I see signs like "pure breed puppies for sale" because it takes a really ignorant piece of shit to know that there are plenty of adoptable dogs in kill shelters yet they inbreed puppies and upsell them to make an easy buck.
How far away is the plastic bag, I guess it's not something you could just find a long pole and dislodge
That would really annoy me if it was something I had to see every day
Oh okay that makes a little bit more sense, I just misunderstood
Do you often use the things you keep? I think that's probably the difference between hoarding and something else here 
Sometimes I watch lolcows and think "oh wow that could be me if I were slightly less lucky" but then I remember at least they're out there doing their own thing without worrying about what everyone else thinks so who knows 
Which ones do you like to watch anon?
bullied for trying to be Christian
You deserve this tbf
what's wrong with fermenting foods?
we have industrial food production, you know
lolcows comfort you? Wth
Dont listen to these normies, anon. Just do what you enjoy doing
bullied for vaping
bullied for trying to be Christian
should be bullied for this
bullied for watching lolcows when i just find them comforting
don't know what this term means anymore but you should probably be bullied for this too.
doesn't taste the same
nothing wrong with it
Do you often use the things you keep?
I do use them often, maybe 80%. sometimes I'll hang ont o something for a bit if i dont have use for it but i usually find something to store in it quickly, it feels buying containers/holders in an avoidable cost if i just reuse stuff that I would have bought anyways.
Which ones do you like to watch anon
a number of them throughout the years but the only one i have consistently kept up with is ALR. being in her monotonous world calms me.
Why is it bad to want to be Christlike and virtuous to the best of ones ability? genuinely asking. I feel/felt very lost in my life and didn't know how to pull myself out of things but I feel like reading the Bible answers a lot of my questions that anecdotal wisdom/self help wasn't able to.
Thank you anon.
You sound nice and enjoyable to spend time with, but I don't know how much hearing this pleases you since it's coming from other licensed autist.
I larp normie successfully and it makes me miserable because of how tiring it is. Don't go down that road, fight to overcome your insecurities and live as you please instead. You're objectively doing nothing wrong.
I wish i have the skill to larp as a normie. Its a necessary skill in a workplace
bullied for trying to be Christian
The LORD corrects those he loves, just as a father corrects a child in whom he delights.
Proverbs 3:12
bullied for vaping
This is the only valid one.
fermenting is extremaly based. you should be respected and pull new age chicks
Do you use any of those jars/containers to grow stuff? Like plants and so on?
Just stop talking to people
