desired traits in a woman universally:
- not fat
can femcells do it?
there is no such thing as a femcel.
there are faggots on this board who love fat bitches.
I dont even care what a woman looks like. Just dont show me your face. All i want is a woman that has good taste in music and loves me.
now that's because you're a gayfag. if you would go with a fat woman, you're fat yourself 95%. and if you're fat. then i don't want you:
1. on the same planet as me
2. on my thread originally
you can go choke on a burger. "Fag" is in your name
Heres some life foid fuel instead.
Even this girl got laid so you can too!
She isnt a burn victim btw she was born like this its called a "Harlequin baby" its a birth defect.
Women cannot be incels.
Im not super muscular or anything, but im not fat. Call me a faggot all you want but i have decided to be the change i want to see in this world unlike you loser retards and see more than just the body of someone. Of course, if someone is super fat theyre usually a lazy fuck, but i definitely dont mind any weight, as long as it's somewhat reasonable
I am so fucking jealous of women its unreal.
that's ridiculous! 
it's not even that
a 300lb hamplanet can get a 6/10+ guy easily.
hoping you N.I.G.G.E.R.S. do realize i said "desired" right? "DESIRED". OFC THERE ARE EXCEPTIONS. YOUR 4 FOOT MANLET FATHERS GAVE BIRTH TO YOU THAT'S WHY YOU'RE HERE.STOP RUINING MY THREAD WITH JEW TAKES.
There are tons of femcels. They just arent on this board
Any man can be attractive and get a girlfriend. It doesnt matter what is desired or not
This is why people wont fuck you. Because you're mean spirited and toxic. Nigger.
ATTRACTIVE IS DEFINED AS "POSSESSING DESIRABLE TRAITS". WHO ARE YOU TRYING TO GASLIGHT YOU ESL NERD?
My father was 6'4 and he had sex with a 4'9 woman.
My father was not 5 feet tall like me.
They can always find a girlfriend, even if they dont have desirable traits you lunatic
there's a ton of architects around. "not being fat" is strictly optional for women.
Having female height genetics didnt stop most trans women from having sex
what a chad. he was probably lifting your mother like a dumbbell and slutting her out every day. she would go crazy with just the tip. be respectful to your mother anon.
Kill yourself
Go away, asshole
"Male height genetics" do not stop women.
Thats what im saying. Short men can easily find partners.
im not fat, but my ugly face and hair as well as un smooth skin keeps me from becoming cute
I am saying tall women do not suffer from being tall, like men suffer from being short.
If being a man is so bad and being a woman is so amazing why not just transition and become a woman then?
Dont make me laugh. Short men are usually trans women for a reason.
Because you can't change your sex.
you're cute enough for picrel to be done to you. try again later.
Explain why some men are shorter than 6 feet then.
Genetic lottery, obviously.
because asia exists
If your genetic lottery says you are a woman, then why cant you be a woman?
Because being a man or woman is not defined by your height.
Yes it is. Men are taller than women you schizo
So what? Doesn't change anything.
It doesnt need to change. Men can easily find a girlfriend.
Over half of young men are single.
By choice. Most of them spend their time with literal men instead of outside
Your face and hair are fine. Youre fucking ugly on the inside, thats your issue, K. Admit it
Desirable traits in men is having money. Stop being lazy and poor. Its that simple to get a gf.
Not true men do not like women with acne. Mine isnt even super bad just some spots but their very noticeable because my skin is very pale.
Men only care about ass and tits genetics
No straight guy cares about girl having a couple of pimples on her face.
t. a guy with skin like Moons surface
Men like any women.
A woman will always have men lining up begging on their knees for her to look at them.
Women will reject 100's of men and then cry about how lonely they are 5 minutes later.
Mostly because women are constantly rejected for small things like not having blonde hair
No they arent.
original comment
thats your logic
Who are you quoting? Im just saying women are always being rejected.
women are always rejecting everyone*
And are still being rejected so thats why they complain about loneliness. Just bee yourself is not good advice
Ok heres better advice.
Just say yes.
Stop rejecting men and then crying about how lonely you are when you have intentionally put yourself in that position.
Just download tinder and instead of being dellusional like "as a 4 feet tall 3/10 I DESERVE a millionaire supermodel thats 7 feet tall AND I WILL NOT SETTLE FOR ANYTHING LESS!" just swipe right twice and there you go your loneliness problem solved INSTANTLY.
Dumbass normie. You literally dont even care about rejected women.
doesnt exist
See
and pic related
Are you a tranner or something?
Are the guys actually rejecting you beacuse of your "girl cock" not your brown hair?
I understand. You just solved loneliness!
where are you getting this percentage from?
30% of women dont get rejected they reject.
Female dellusion is very real and serious.
Majority of women believes they all deserve a top 1% man and wont settle for anything less.
This is a problem because 6 feet tall men make up only 14% of men,only 17% of men earn 100k a year etc. you cant find a 6 feet tall billionaire for every woman.
This doesnt mean she doesnt have 100's of non-chad men lining up begging to date her just that she has such a insanely inflated ego its top 1% or nothing because shes a empowered goddess that deserves only the best.
Are you seriously trying to tell me you are uglier than the girl in this video? Really?
Women believe 80% of men are ugly.
Looks like those red kodama fetuses from Nioh
Uh huh! That's right, baby!
Fat AND flat!
thats not true otherwise there would be no incels.
At least 95% of them were actually ugly.
Outliers prove the rule. 30% of women are being endlessly rejected and don't even get a chance because they aren't attractive enough.
This red kodama fetus got laid with "a couple" men and got a husband at 18 and is now a stay at home mother of 4 children.
30% of women are being endlessly rejecting everyone* because they believe they are goddesses of beauty that only deserve the best and nothing less.
