most tryhard movie ive ever seen this is how normies think anti socials are like KEK
You should read the book. 
Not really. Just murderous psychopaths
this movie triggers the fuck out of me
she's a cunt to him the entire movie and an awful mother, never actually trying to meet him on his level and bridge the gap.
in the end he's a fucking child. foids are so evil sometimes; it's boy children they target with their rhetoric, a vulnerable subsection of society (who can't argue back). they excuse their abuse by writing about bad seeds or equating them to grown men (who are obviously evil). what used to be radical feminist dialogue is seeping into mainstream cinema. not just this movie.
reeeee
Not all of us were abused by our mothers anon, unlike you. Nobody else took that from the movie.
You are really seeing the world through the distorted lenses of your prejudices and misconceptions. 
You should try reading this book. It has nothing to do with women vs men, I don't know how on earth could you derive this conclusion from it
Oh that's how...
holy shit, true. my mother used to call me evil, saying that im the reason her life is hell when i was SEVEN YEARS OLD. when i started doing fucked up stuff in my teenage yrs she acted all "bwaaaaaaaah why is he like that i have done nothing but love him"
So you admit that there are bad seeds and evil people around? Well anon this book/movie is about that. 
All of your conclusions speak more about your own issues with women.
He wasnt anti social at all, he was just psychopat. His mother knew that something was wrong with him, but he still had good realtion with his dad and wasnt an outcast in school. He portrayed pretty convincing psycho (you didnt fall for his ending dialog with mom did you?). Many psychos get around the life ez, but some of them decide to fuck everything and commit atrocious acts to spite everyone and sate their ego. You wanna see how normies portray anti social go watch wendsday.
uh huh. it's a movie about how kevin torture his mother and how she can't ever do anything right. multiple scenes where he acts up and we're meant to cry for her. multiple scenes where he's nicer to his dad, making it so she's not believed by anyone else. then he kills his family in cold blood.
what am i meant to take from this movie? ooo spooky scary sociopaths, and jerking off about how freaking awesome! mothers are.
no, bad seeds don't exist. psychopaths usually have really shitty upbringings.
in a lot of radical feminist dialogue they demonise men and take it as a given that boys are the same.
The face of denial
That's completely absent in the film and the book. 
Once again, you are seeing the world through the distorted lenses of your own issues with women
also why do you fags act like psychos are all violent when it isnt true at all
what am i meant to take from this movie?
You should really read the book if you really want to dive into the lore and come up with a conclusion that isn't tainted by your personal vendetta against women. 
Kevin wasn't nice to his dad, he merely pretended. He loved his mom, in fact his mom was the only person he ever loved. To her, he showed his true self. 
A quote from the book that made it into the movie
You really didn't pay attention to the movie, did you? You were too busy hating women
For the same reason you act like women were all demons
