edgy poltard realizes nobody cares about him so he takes himself out
You love to see it
Well rip I guess. Whats the context though? I know poltards wish death upon everyone but this is still sad.
I hope I have the guts to do this one day
What is that? What does this man have on his neck, it looks like those things they use to take blood pressure.
that guy's twitter is full of democrat stuff
Yeah, he was a youtuber so he would try to keep up appearances publicly. But as soon as he was ousted as a racist and grommer in discord he killed himself
Wtf sort of suicide method is that? Is that a Saw death collar that strangles him? Also lmao at the fact he chose to die in a dirty room while wearing an anime shirt.
suffocate
for minutes
while conscious enough to want to fight back but not enough to actually move your arms
with enough give to get a bit of air to prolong the torture as long as possible
even if you hate your life while would you choose to die like this?
I guess suicikeks are not the brightest after all
translation:
he say the n word on discord
he spoke to a 17yo once
Nah he would participate in raids on the coli, wshh and Twitter spamming dead kids, trans suicide stats and racial slurs
He took himself out after he was exposed for talking to three 12-14 year Olds
The best part is that everyone was happy to see him die
That's wild bro frfr noCAP
i hope he got his harem of cute big titted anime girls in heaven
wearing a shirt of 2 anime lesbos hugging or something
pink hentai mug
room is a absolute mess clothes and trash thrown araund on the floor
is that a dildo on the floor next to his night stand?
Yeah sure thats a /pol/tard lmao.
Next you'll tell me that gif of that guy with the rainbow flag facemask blowing his brains out was actually a /pol/tard too.
h-he wasn't a polbro!
Uh yeah sure. It's not like he was exposed for spamming slurs or anything
keep coping while society laughs at dead polbois
murders himself
heaven
lmao
incel finds 4chan gets recommended anime discord
begins watching a bunch of moe and SoL anime
starts realizing he wants to be the little girl
this cognitive dissonance causes deep self loathing
an hero's
Some people just aren't cute or funny enough for this world~ ripbozo
What method of suicide is this and why is he kind of twitching and spasming like that?
Auto erotic aspyxiation
strangulation, hypoxia reflexively causes your body try to fight off whatever is stopping it from breathing
Thanks ofr the reply and sorry for the confusion: I meant what is that thing he has on his neck, looks more painful than just hanging yourself.
satan dubs
It's called the "Night Night" method. It's supposed to be a quick and painless death but he tightened the device to tight around his neck and suffered a good bit.
like the other anon said he was a full libtard
ironically these people are the most racist when they're anonymous kek
dubs
ngmi
