i wanna be a dog cause i'm not good enough to be anything else
Just be like Diogenes bro.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gsWt7ey6bo [Embed]
Finally an actual femdom thread
Is femdom a cope? I feel like I'm not pathetic or submissive enough to actually have a femdom relationship work out
can't figure out if I actually like this girl I've been seeing or if it's just cause she bosses me around.
she will lightly order me around during our dates- telling me to get her water and make her alfredo (while the plan was for both of us to make it). she does it while knowing it's bitchy/bossy (i've asked her before for clarification), and this drives me crazy. 
when we're hanging out there's not too much to talk about. she's a pretty basic normie with basic taste in music and tv (her favorite artist is Beyonce and her favorite show is Sex In The City). this is why i feel like the only thing keeping me around is the light femdom aspect of our social relationship
Wow I love femdom but you sound like a massive faggot. Stay around a bit for the pussy tho robot, sounds kinda hot
Hope you guys like what I'm sharing, I have a huge folder of both 2D and 3D
Fem
Domoriginalo
Unironically the only fetish that's a deal breaker for me. I hate submissive women in bed, I just can't fuckin do it
His life seems extremally unhealthy and uncomfortable. Where i live, it can be -11C in winterm and even now there's 0C at night.
more like deppressive coping thread
bro i'm into femdom because i'm too pathetic for a normal relationship, so i'll probably die alone
This is what I mean anon. I'm not self hating enough to ever unironically say something like this, so I can't compete with guys who unironically hate themselves, and therefore are willing to tolerate extreme disrespect and inequality within the relationship. Fucking bullshit
I just want to belong to a woman for once. All my relationships were abusive before, I made so many mistakes. Gentle femdom makes me feel warm in my heart
Based gentle femdom enjoyer. Sadly many femdoms hate men from negative early experiences, so they are overly sadistic. Gib gentle femdom gf pls
i miss my favorite ex
Here's some hopium fellow gentle femdom bot. Ear whispers are heaven
Thanks anon, we'll make it
Of course chud. Just want a woman I can make happy
Same, if only she was here right now, what a coincidence that would be
I want a warrior queen to follow but that's not real and I'm not a warrior just have the makings to be one
But I'm losing so much of my fucking passion in this life.
It's like people know that I could get a great person but nobody wants that because they're all soulless retards infected by capitalism
Here's some lifefuel for you guys, it's actually 3D
I just want to eat pussy and have my ears nibbled on
Don't let this thread die you faggots
You're actively ruining the thread.
I'm the one posting all the pictures dude
0.00% content 
Comment not original
Why am i cursed with this shitty kink that'll never be rreal
Because it's fucking hot dude, just accept it
It is. But i wish it'd happen. Or anything would h appen in terms of romance. I'm 26 and have never even kissed.
The very worse case scenario anon, save up and go see a dominatrix. Release that energy and submit, it will transform your life
Is femdom the product of laziness in men?
No, it is a visceral, intense emotion for a certain type of woman
thiabis goals imegonna die
bone apple teeth
Femdom is basically all I fantasise about sexually. The porn doesn't do it for me though.
I want a girl to dress up like pic related and tease/gently dom me for having a silk fetish.
i fap to a lot of femdom porn but sometimes i wonder whether i'd actually like getting spanked or pegged irl.
(not that it matters, since i'll never have a dom gf)
It's definitely a millennial thing, rooted in the media we grew up with.
What's the psychology behind being into femdom since it's not a very common thing?
25% of men are submissive, a lot just larp as dominant since only 5% of women are dominant. For me at least, it's probably because of mommy issues. My mom basically neglected me hardcore.
my insecurity, my failures in lfie- both romantic, social, educational, work-related and general misery and apathy. a lack of intimacy within the family (hugs and such), a need for a stable, guiding figure in my life. someone to orient myself towards. 
you'd think that realizing this would help me overcome it, but no, even if i put in the work, i can only be a below-average normie because of innate clumsyness, forgetfulness and apathy
it's very nice and cute and sounds like a dream come true. i kind of blocked it out but i had a good male friend of mine who bought me a #1 mom mug for my birthday and it made my day. my ex always tried to be sweet too and would give me gifts and acts of service too. a lot of people come to me to express their pain growing up and whatnots and i'm their comforting fairy friend.
That's cute. Why did you block it out? Do you like to fix men?
For me, the woman being in control is hot as fuck. I did get bullied by a girl as a kid, but I'm not sure if that has anything to do with it.
It feels like an essential aspect of my personality. I can explain it about as well as my taste in music: not at all.
lazy men raised by single mothers
