I'm completely blackpilled on women at this point and I fucking hate it. 
I'm good looking and can attract women with my looks on a superficial level. But pussy is not what I want. I want a true connection. Casual sex and meaningless relationships mean nothing to me. I'd rather just jack off and play video games.
I can't see any humanity within them. Am I distorted in my perceptions, have I just been unlucky etc or it really this bad?
I'm convinced that every single woman is either a complete narcissist or sociopath devoid in anything resembling true empathy. Only capable of being parasitic. 
I've been with women, had gfs. And I can't stand the type of person I have to become to keep them interested and placate their self absorbed retardation. 
I sincerely have no idea what to do because I would rather just kill myself now than have no romantic affection my entire life.
"meaningful sex" is a cope 
Do with that what you will
so the idea that a man and woman can sincerely like each other and have strong positive emotions for each other is a complete fabrication?
"you don't want a girlfriend, you want a male with aspergers" -sam hyde
what does that even mean?
I had a spergy gf and it was worse than a regular one
a spergy gf isnt a male with aspergers. thats a female with aspergers.
i don't remember the whole rant, but its in one of his rant videos where hes referring to guys who cant find an interesting female to date, or something along those lines. it might not be 100% suitable criticism for your situation, but possibly suitable/related to the kind of issue you're having.
I couldn't care less about her interests or hobbies. I just want someone that you can look into their eyes and see a soul looking back.
ok what do you mean by 'true connection'?
what do you mean by 'humanity'?
are you're talking only about morals?
i find its not just women who are like this, its just easier to think this because their life is easier. sort of like how its easy to call rich/people in power bad/evil.
You literally sound like a woman if the genders were reversed
I've met good women. Most of the time good women in their twenties already have good men too. Smart men. Made me realise a couple things. 
the 20s are just that time where if you're unlucky thats the way things are. 
Its good to want a healthy relationship. 
Stay good and you will attract good someday.
Keep an eye out
what also happened a lot is that people already knew eachother from middleschool or even kindergarden. Allowed for natural romance to come in. 
Meeting new people is a bit awkward especially if you use dating apps
I dunno, put your looks to the test and see how much shit you can stir up: fuck around with as many women as you can at once and then watch the drama ensue when the house of cards crumbles. Yeah big fuckin' deal they'll be mad. Fuck 'em, and besides, they don't care one bit if you're a total bastard so long as you're wanted by other women and you make their twat ache.
Jesus fucking christ, why do we have to explain this to you?
you sound like you live in boring retard hell being part of all the other retards. what a sad pitiful thing
Oh, OK - go over to character.ai and find your 'true connection' there - only a seven-minute wait! "Anon...I...love... " (SERVER ERROR 500)
Or stop crying and do something useful with the knowledge you already have that you live in Idiocracy/Clown World and there's no going back.
