Anyone else noticed how porn normalized extreme perverted sex acts?
I'm certain most men would have never thought of trying to nut on a girl's face or ask her to lick his ass if not for porn giving them the idea.
Blowjobs and anal and trannies etc. existed before internet was even created.
Porn didnt create them it just helped you see them.
All of this has been happening behind closed doors for 1000's of years its just that the doors are open now and you can see it happening.
well, would you agree then that porn creates an unnatural positive feedback loop?
I have experienced rimjobs and they were amazing
I'm not buying it. I'm not saying it never happened behind closed doors, but right as these trends become a thing in porn suddenly people are talking about doing it. How many men were talking about getting their ass hole ate by women before like 5 or 6 years ago? It was damn near unheard of.
Rimjobs feel way too good for being something mostly done in the last 5 years. Get your gf ready to do it or you're missing out.
rimming is so hot especially if youre rimming a man whos gonna TOP you hard
You sound like a fag/tranny
i am
N8D82
the US porn industry almost normalized negros/ape
Then your opinion doesnt matter, you are attracted to shitholes because you don't have a choice.
A female that does rimjobs is something special.
Eating ass is fucking disgusting and spreads parasites. How far we've fallen as a people. Its right next to eating shit which normalniggers will line up to do as soon as pornhub promotes it.
It sounds more like you started browsing the internet 5 or 6 years ago so you think these things are passing fads or trends and not something that has always been around. Swinging has been around since the 60's for example.
https://tags.literotica.com/rimming/?page=33 
https://www.blacktowhite.net/forums/interracial-discussion/page-1095
http://vintage-erotica-forum.com/t310948-female-to-male-rimming-in-vintage-porn.html
Here's some links if you want to see what people who are now 40-60 were posting about online over a decade ago.
links
Indistinguishable from 4chan /gif/ threads today if you remove the zoomer lingo. 
When that quote was written people didn't have PCs, cars, Internet, phones, deodorant, baseball and a million other things.
Nope, I've been on the net for over 20 years. And cherry picked examples of randoms discussing it does not mean porn has not influenced people to do it more.
Ah yes, Porn, the true civil rights movement.
heterosexual porn gave me a fetish for anal but because so few women want to try it ended up fucking a lad up the arse to see what it feels like
not gay myself personally
We have sex acts menus from french brothels in the 19th century where we don't know what half of the entries are. 
If anything we are less degenerate than we could be because porn has limited our imagination to only those acts that look good on camera.
Some w*t0id guy will take this girl to meet his mother someday.
My girlfriend and I actually discussed this stuff and whether or not there are so many different sex moves with names and definitions is due to the porn industry to make said acts easily searchable. 
But honestly things like rimming I am glad porn exists so that people know about it, I enjoy giving rimjobs and reacharounds, but never would have learned of it without porn.
Poeple have been doing buttstuff and oral since the stone age, all that shit isn't new
