I wish I were a girl, but I know it's impossible and I can't run chase some delusional dream that will never happen. I know this board hates trannies but I'm not a tranny, just a male with gender dysphoria.
grass is always greener on the other side, try taking an interest in more manly medias i guess. Also nothing is stopping you from dressing and acting like one, you won't look like one, but you'd prob look better than a good portion of them.
I just hate looking masculine so I want to take HRT and look like a girl, I hate looking masculine at all I want to look feminine I don't know why my brain is like this but it sucks
You wish you were a pretty girl.
I mean yeah true
So say that. You wouldnt want to be an ugly girl.
Ok what's your point? originally
Whos the broad?
You dont wanna be any girl, you wanna be a stacy
I don't know what this is supposed to prove, everyone wants to be attractive. If I wanted to be a man I'd want to be Chad.
same, I wish I was an AFAB. Everyone would treat me better, even if i was ugly
No they fucking wouldnt
All we have to offer in society is our looks and we failed on that. People hate ugly girls.
my parents would tolerate my neet behaviour much more if i was a femoid
Shut the fuck up bitch if ur a girl I have sex and see its not all that and can move on with your life while having standards
If youre a guy you dont even get the option to until youre mid 20s and it will be with a run down girl who has had many bfs and you will be willing to put up with her crap cus its the only beast who gave you a chance
Generally speaking
Make a Reddit or dating profile post looking for friends or sex as a guy and as a girl and tell me the difference 
You people always say hurt sure I dont want that attention but at least you have the option to search thru shit for a gold nugget but for a guy its searching for a piece of shit in an endless void
I just wish I was a hotter guy and wasn't bald. I miss pussy so much.
girls regardless of their looks have it so easy. just dont be fat and you have crowds of men throwing themselves at you. how hard is it for you pigs to not be fat? whereas guys who had not chads have to be tall rich handsome have to do 400% of everything and treat them with special gloves so their fees fees dont get hurt while women really provide nothing of value to the table.
Well, you have to find a way to like being male again. Are you low T? If so, you can increase it with weight training, nutrition, good sleep, etc. That might put you in a positive feedback loop of [want to be chad]->[do chad shit]->[want to be chad even more]. In general, you can build momentum from small victories like doing well on an exam or cleaning your room (xdd) to do more ambitious shit, become more confident, and become more comfortable as a male. There was a time when I wanted to be a woman, and I think it was mostly because I wasn't proud of my day-to-day actions.
