I am what you guys would probably call a Chad, 6 5, decently attractive, etc. but man I can relate to the robot depression. Sometimes I come on this board and it even makes me depressed. Im 24 and have been coming here and to B since I was maybe 12 or 13. Im now in a very strange part of my life after intense drug addiction and homelessness. I live in a sober living home where everything is paid by insurance because I have literally zero cash or financial support from family. I still get girls but I have no means to take them anywhere or do anything with them, I even took the bus 2 hours to see a girl the other day. I dont know why Im posting this, I guess I just wanted to vent, but maybe some of you guys should be grateful you have a room of your own and money to buy food and shit like that.
lmao pick one
Guys who are able to get laid shouldn't be able to complain about anything
Didnt say I am a Chad, in fact I think Im definitely not. I just meant that physically, you guys would probably assume I am.
make up ur mind schizo.
do you have one of those on YOUR bed?
Listen Im not trying to flex or anything I just wanted to let it be known that everyone has their struggles and life isnt perfect or good even just because Im tall and attractive. Im fucking going through it right now and even though Im fucking a really hot girl I know it will not last because I dont have SHIT to provide for her. It fucking sucks shes so cool and borderline aspie but I can barely provide for myself, if it werent for insurance funded housing Id be out on the streets smoking fentanyl
this
only incels can be homeless
Stop attention whoring you retarded norm nigger
Im white LMAO, also at the guy above, wtf? Only incels can be homeless? Seems legit
nigga thinks he looks like chad while postin on r9k aw hell naw :sob: :skull:
Chad is based on looks you retarded bluepilled nigger. He's 6'5 and still gets girls despite being poorfag purely due to his genetics.
i forgot about how homeless chads still get more pussy than rich STEMfag incels
I hope you get killed in the middle of the street, Faggot. Even when you are at the bottom of society being useless, you are still fawned over and get pussy versus the 5-8 stem incel who worked 10000x harder than you yet gets called arrogant for wanting a wife. Again, I hope the local gang rapes and kills you.
