I miss you like you wouldn't believe
Please come back
Your laugh is forever ingrained in my brain
It's been 30 days and things just aren't the same without you
I was in a really dark place when we met
You were like a ray of light to me, I almost believed I was dreaming or imagining everything
just a reminder they do not care about you and have 10 other people on standby at any given time.
Wrong just wrong
kek they really got your ass didnt they. I have talked to them at length before too. I say this from experience.
Prove it faggot, tell me ten things about her
You can't
I could tell you 10 people she has orbiting just like you :p but I wont. Have fun crying over her I bet she giggles at it if she sees this. trash.
Retard that's how I know you don't know her and you can't name anything about them
Eat my shit and fuck your mom with a screwdriver
Oh but anon I think YOU dont know her 
Good luck with that. I hope you find out eventually so it goes by for you quicker. That is pretty pathetic.
I wonder how many people she's added? I didn't think she added that much
And looks like you still can't
lmao look another person she added
retard
I think talking about her like this is very rude >~&lt;
And you still can't you baiting faggot
Has anyone here vc'd wit her before
I hope you come back soon Solace
I hate these bait posts
I have (am op)
I haven't and now I'm sad :(
Well I have and she had the sweetest voice you could have imagined, it matched her perfectly
I can still hear it in my head
I remember when she would hum a song quietly sometimes when she was busy or focusing on something
Anon, can we talk on Discord? I want to talk about her, but not on this board.
In a fit of rage and sorrow I deleted my discord, that's why im trying to find her here
How do I know you aren't trying to mess with me
Is that you Solace?
No, I'm just someone else who fell in love with her. She stopped talking to me a while ago, so I'm just trying to find out what happened.
She's mine back off
I don't feel like talking to you right now ask again tomorrow
Right now I need Solace to come comfort me
I miss hearing about her day or hearing about whatever she was thinking about
She was always so creative
It made me sad when she had sad thoughts though
She's yours, huh? She probably liked you more than she did me, it seems. Man, that makes me sad.
Whomst in the fuckst ist that
Do you even know what she looks like oh pee
No one who concerns you
Yes
I'll be going now
Maybe you were busy today
Good night Solace
I wish I could hear you say it back
Get meds. Immediately
The only meds I need is the comfort and understanding that she used to give me
miss you a lot, miss anons shipping us too
anon, she probably had like 10~ orbiters you being the 11th one. Move on and find another girl, 
Other than that, Saya no Uta is very pog
*sigh* I had a really big crush on her too. I've come to realize that it's just that sort of classic situation where your crush likes someone else. I guess I'm just going to let time heal my wounds.
