im 26 years old and ive never even seen a penis
What a freak, you should be put in a circus or zoo.
You will never see a penis
Fat covers it fully huh?
You can hop on Tinder/Grindr and have cock in your mouth in less than 60 minutes.
I wouldn't worry about it.
i'm 21 yo 
and i have penis 
there's nothing excited about having a penis
If you're a lady then this is hardly going to be challenging, is it? Walk up to a bunch of guys in a bar and shout "Get your cocks out!" and one of them probably will. 
If you're a guy and try this method then you might get glassed. Let us know how you get on.
Twist. OP is Deaf.
im incapable of talking to men without sperging out
ive given up
Why have you not seen a penis, OP?
NTA but holy shit most of the girls who say shit like this are BPD and not autistic.
Gay or vagina haver?
Just start talking to men regularly and you'll slowly gain social xp, femcel. I used to be spergy with women and now I'm mostly competent. I've even had a handful of them give me sex.
This, I grinded my social skills lvls and now they're pretty good. You can do it femcel
afaik bpdemons dont have trouble getting laid
second option
its too painful
every time i think about trying my mind is flooded by the memories of a hundred humiliating failures
You'd be surprised. The ones who do just tend to be overweight but they also like to pretend or claim, at times, to be far more innocent than they actually are. BPDemons just tire me out, especially when they say they're autistic because they watched some Tiktok video on female autism.
So seeing penis on the internet isn't the same?
And no guys send you cock pictures in their messages ?
I thought all girls receive cock picks daily
Y live?
You'd really need to be in a terrible situation to be a gay guy who's never seen a penis. At the very least you own should count assuming you weren't born without one.
Boo fucking hoo. Go post a selfie on tinder and you'll see as many dicks as you like.
Conscript someone from here to be your practice bf so you can gain confidence to talk to dudes so you can have random hookups and ruin your life
op is lying and fishing for dickpicks
BITCH QUIT MAKING EXCUSES AND GO GET THAT DICK!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHxFr_oDSTI&amp;ab_channel=Luny [Embed]
im waiting for the upcoming dick pics too
I will show you my peepee if you are female and in Las Vegas
i remember when i was 17 we were going on a school trip and on the bus ride there the boy i liked sat behind me
he tried talking to me a couple of times but i was so nervous i just pretended not to hear and ignored him
he never tried talking to me again and a couple months later started dating one of my friends
i cannot talk to men
Done
who cares about pictures
i can look at pictures on the internet
i want to see it in real life and more than that i want the intimacy that being in that sort of situation implies
you cant even use r9k without regularly seeing a big cock in the catalog
What do you think it'd take for you to open up enough/be comfortable enough with someone to see their naked body?
Until today!!
&lt;---------------------------Dick pic
So you're just a pervy voyeur or something..?
You're weIcome fembot
Clearly YOU as you want to see one and have a mental image of a huge throbbing cock that you can lick and suck and stroke until you get bored.
cut dicks be like
Jesus that head is messed up
Sour patch tongue dick
HEY ajumma. do you play wow? wanna join my twink party of death and gank people to vent your frustration on the world for not blessing your eyes with the pleasure of seeing a throbbing penis? and if any in game character catches your fancy i'll have some men bring them over for you to inspect fully wink.
You should have stood up 
turned around 
climbed on his lap and said , what do you want ?
Stop lying on the internet, you have seen many penis
believe me i have gone over that situation a million times
i honestly have no idea
i have never been even close to that situation
at this point i dont even know if im capable, maybe its just too late
Not either of those anons but you make it out like you have AvPD. Might not be a bad idea to look for someone else with the condition who wants to be with you.
And we shall continue with this situation but with a new person.
So Madame OP what type if guys do you like?
Tall? funny? strong? silent? caring? energetic? light skinned ? dark skinned? yellow skinned? olive skinned?
What can you bring to the table, are you interested in anything?
Describe yourself to me!!
I don't really think it's too late. The main issue is that the solution is exposure therapy, hanging out with guys in non-intimate situations until you're comfortable enough to go to the next step, but when you're 26 it's a lot harder to get into situations like that with no pressure
i dont really know, ive never been to a psychiatrist
this is why i feel stuck
i know the only way to change things but im terrified of doing it especially because i know it wont work anyway
Well, from what I understand the thing about AvPD is a fear of intimacy whilst still having the desire for said intimacy. I'd go see a psychologist and all but it'd be a waste of money. I don't even have the money for therapy even if I wanted to get it.
Underrated effortpost.
Well I'm just a random dude on the internet going through the same thing but with women, so my advice doesn't mean much. I'm 25, and basically just go to work then come back home, never really been with a woman.
My first step would be, bare minimum, try to make one male friend. Even if it's just on discord or something, and try to talk to them once a week. Once you get comfortable with that, I'd try to take more steps like hanging out with them in person. When people are scared of spiders the first thing they do is make them look at the spider from a distance before they move on to touching it.
That being said I have no idea where to make female friends, so I don't really know where you'd make male friends.
actually the cutest thing ever. why must girls in my country be so annoyingly confident. 
every time i think about trying my mind is flooded by the memories of a hundred humiliating failures
Foid going to need to elaborate how you could fail at this. It's like falling into a lake and failing to get wet. Story time, bitch
same anon but I'm a male
YWNBAM. You have no dick. You have no balls. When men look at you, they laugh at how short you are.
This thread is gonna be so boring and i need food. i haven't ate today 
So what is in my cupboards and fridge
I have protein shakes and milk
I have, OMG i have a frozen PIZZA!! i forgot about that,t hat is gonna be my go to food today, pizza and chocolate shake, Maybe I will wait for the pizza and have it Sunday as a special food.
Oh i am excited about this, so just for today i'm gonna only have a large glass of protein shake and nothing else
BEST DAY EVER
What country do you live in?
You don't have to talk to men, just try touching them and they might eventually make you follow them home and drop their pants for you if you are cute.
