how does pussy smell
it's all in your head I think that's the truth around it
If it has marinated well and is just ripe. Like musky rusted coins. Sweat bit and smell your balls. Kinda similar, but like you do not want to stop smelling.
ok, now how does it taste?
Like Hershey's chocolate but only the rancid sour milk component of it. Very steamy, hot and oppressive.
Like salty coins and milk.
And oregano.
hey buddy, why don't you kill yourself for me. PLEASE kill yourself FOR ME, do it FOR ME PLEEASSEEE I BEGGG
ok guys this has got to fucking stop. I know you're all horny and repressed but holy fuck. at any given moment there's a thread up in the catalog speculating on the taste or smell of pussy. no more. please.
Kinda same, but if she cleaned herself well it tastes, like you never want to stop. Very wet, but it is not wet like water. Like spit. But if she marinated long it has acidic sour taste. I don't like this mix. It is somewhere like middle of sweat and piss, idk hard to describe. Not pleasant, if you go down. She must wash herself before hand.
before what hand?
diluted sweaty armpit smell and any retard telling you anything else is a sexless faggot
it smells bad homie. ngl
kill yourself sexhaver, I bet you fucked a land whale, how does it feel that the only touch of woman you'll ever have in your life is from an ugly obese bitch that wishes she could fuck Chad instead of your ugly disgusting ass.
Like bags of sand, I think
no one is talking to you, Tyrone.
You type too fast, mellow out dude
Why? Why should I do that? Whyyyyy??
you'd be doing me a favor. is that too much to ask?
I drank 2 coke zeros and I feel like shitposting at rates you've never seen. I have a movie on the right side of my screen but I just keep tabbing back into 4chan to shtipost.
godspeed anon go easy on the coke
No. You are not worth the sacrifice.
What would you even gain from it? Why do you want me to die? Because vagina smells bad?
I didn't know salty coins and milk smelt bad, you're just throwing words around for no reason, and this is what I'm talking about. This is why I think you should end it all.
Only if you do it first :)
wait a minute. how do I know you're not just conning me here, if I do it first how do I know that you'll follow through?
WHEN IT HAS NO NOSE?!?!?!? hahahaha
you're acting crazy, of course I have a nose, I mean it, it has a nose, not me, wait no, I do too.
these posts are so silly lole!!!
