Never had friends nor girlfriends
5"8'
22
Not athletic
Introverted, social skills suck
Balding badly
Have herpes (cold sores) from god knows where since childhood
My SMV is probably in the negative. Is there even a point in trying or should I just accept it and just do whatever I want until I die or go an hero?
What is sexual market value?
It's the value of someone on the sexual market. It's like a regular market with prices and products except it involves sex.
Go to the fucking gym, become a monster. Grow a beard. Force yourself to interact with people. Stop being insecure about your height. That's all you need
I mean, I'm thinking about working out just to feel good, but in this world where the dating market is worldwide, is there really a point in caring about sexual relations?
dating market is worldwide
? Obviously there is a point in carring about sexual relations, they are good as fuck, just don't fall for the mistake of getting a gf
I don't care about sex, I want a girlfriend and maybe a wife.
I think it's pretty clear that being a socially awkward, introverted male with several sub-optimal physical traits will make experiencing love substantially more difficult than for average people.
Based on those points you mentioned I would say that trying is mostly futile and just a source of stress and disappointment, but mainly because I relate and I am projecting my experience of my own utterly hopeless situation onto you.
People and situations vary complexly, and you might have more going for you and be less fucked than I am. For example you might be less picky than I am, less autistic, less depressive, less cynical, less lazy, etc., in which case you would have a more realistic chance.
and just do whatever I want until I di
why are you not already doing this? retard.
I want a girlfriend and maybe a wife
Then you're going to frustrate yourself
dating market
People who are this retarded really should just give up.
To be fair if you cared about relationships you would not be brainwashed by pickup artists who told you that there is a magical dating market. This post only serves to validate what you already truly care about, spending time alone.
Good analysis, but I don't think that I'm too different from you.
Because I'm stupid
Yeah which is why I'm asking the question of is it worth it
Why? Economics describes relationshios perfectly
I don't want to invest a lot of emotions, time, energy, and nerves into something that is a fruitless endeavour.
the writing style is similar to a llm, yet obviously it wouldn't write something like this because they're all cucked
I'm autistic, I'm not that far off from being a robot as far as other people are concerned.
that there is a magical dating market
You're a complete fucking moron if you think supply and demand doesn't apply to human mating
