why are the most active discord egirls and eboys always below the age of 25? 
25+ NEET losers find shit to do besides chat with other NEET losers. 
Is below 25 when socialization is at it's peak? Why are younger people more social? 
are they more social because high school and college conditioned them to be?
do the 25+ people vanish because they realized socializing for the point of friendship is childish?
adulthood the goal is to build a family so why would a 25+ chat on discord.
there are some 25+ chatting on discord but it is rare as fuck and they are usually some type of drug addict.
in general I can conclude majority of NEET will quit discord by approximately 25 and will find other ways to entertain themselves.
it is also possible with age something happens which causes you to become less social.
do your parents have friends? older cousins? older siblings?
I believe there is a definite shift. but why? the question has always been why.
why do older NEET losers feel content being alone while younger NEET losers need others
idk man
18-25 wouldn't be considered a child it is old enough to vote. older people aren't socializing and making friends online on some other app either. what causes the phenomenon
the frog comes at midnight
the frog comes at midnight
idk i'm 25 and i regularly chat with other people over the age of 25. anyone 25+ who plays video games is likely to use discord. however i can see it being true that 25+ people don't sit in servers or live their entire lives on discord. and i think it's normal to get less social with age for sure
what I want to learn is what causes it to happen it is fascinating
Becoming jaded
I tried joining 3 NEET discord servers. Got kicked out of all 3 of them for the same reason eventually lol.
what reason
I don't think older people and older NEET people are jaded they seem happier then younger people
what was the reason?
The admins or people in charge asked about my life situation, I also have my instagram on my discord bio which they looked over. While I was a NEET because I had no job, education or training, I wasn't a shut-in or a loner so I didn't fit in and was eventually kicked. The only server that didn't kick me very quickly did when I couldn't hop in vc for saturday movie night because I had to throw a party at my place kek.
younger people would talk to you
i think i just don't have the energy for socializing much anymore. lost touch with people i used to know due to various things like life getting in the way, interests or personalities changing, maybe some pointless drama and befriend new people over and over again becomes tedious. the older i get the less i look for attention and validation from others as well. so i guess most people just stick with the few people that they really get along with, and for many 25+ year olds they might be real life people, like a close long time friend or a partner
makes sense for some I imagine it might just be a family member especially if they are a failure
makes sense other losers are use to being alone that they might not want to get to know you
Because neets over their 30 are extremely rare. And when you've been a neet for that long you learn to have better priorities and stop pitying on yourself. Haven't you noticed? All the young neet places is just all about them complaining about everything, or the complete opposite by stating stupid shit like neet is the ascended life and they don't need anything else. You've probably already went over that phase when you're older, so hearing about them complaining all day is not really appealing.
One thing I've noticed is that female neet past their 35 do not exist, that's actually pretty interesting to see.
this sounds like a bitter wagie cope lmao
you dont hear about neets 30+ because older people just never mention their age
I've been content with solitude since I was 12. I started realizing that I could avoid a lot of stress, responsibility, and grief by avoiding everyone, so that's what I did. I don't even talk to my family. I've lived with the same people for so long and we know almost nothing about eachother. Now I don't have to hear about their problems, waste my time with them, or get sad when they die
