How in the ever-loving FUCK?
Gets Gangbanged by Chads behind his back
these people are like 16
What? You mean how is he with she?
Doesnt matter. She will dump him in a couple of months from now. Probably gets railed by some Chads every weekend without he noticing it.
When asked when they get engaged she replied on her ig "a few years hopefully"
She is sucking and fucking the biggest black cocks in school and from older Big Black Cock, she takes black guys raw and lets them cum inside her nubile pussy.
this guy is still scoring. it's unfair.
They are siblings.
get mogged by normie artfag boy.
IMAGINE TRAINING MUSCLES AND GETTING FACE SURGERY.
Billy the art faggot kid scores goth chick
His average cock PLOWS her gotch pussy
you remain a VIRGIN
Maybe he has a huge cock or is extremely charismatic? And he's not really that bad-looking, glasses are stupid, but other than that he's OK.
another delusional thread on r9k.
They are literally looks matched.
They probably bonded over shared interests and became friends and just started dating.
Is everyone on that board the overweight angry autistic redditor in High School?
Life is not as complicated as you all want it to be.
what the FUCK are they eating omg
Yes. I don't understand the confusion. 
These people are both like 6-7s. Based on their attire they have similar interests. 
He's not an overweight autistic retard, like you.
They are literally looks matched.
kek
He's not an overweight autistic retard, like you.
This is a key aspect of social courting that most r9k users don't seem to understand. They'd rather keep their simple minded hatred brewing instead of doing anything to improve their situation.
I'm sorry the internet has warped your perception of people's looks. But yeah, they're basically even in looks and the other anon is right, he's not a fat ass so he can get a gf.
he's 3/10, she's 10/10
this board is retarded,
very YOUNG women have a phase, and I've only seen it at happen high school so far, some of them have a preference for the twink/nerdy/soft boi look. I'm a skinny asian guy and ironically the only time some girls approached me was when I was in high school, this didn't happen ever again, not in college, not in my 20s, and especially not with women reaching their 30s. I high school a girl would fuck you if you shared her taste in music or fashion jfl-
She will dump him once she goes to college tho... :(
she's a 10/10
this board is absolutely delusional.
hurr durr her looksmatch is a 6ft4 bearded &amp; tatted viking warrior lumberjack man
name a single flaw, roastie.
t. puts pussy on a pedestal
She honestly looks like RE4make Ashley played by the riced insta-supermodel Ella Freya with the emo mod. Pic related.
It's not fucking fair!!!
you are as deluded as the coomers who find out their favorite twitch thot is dating some asian guy and to the untrained eye every chink appears the same, while in reality the asian has a square jaw, prominent cheekbones, flawless skin and thick hair, and other conventionally attractive features.
I'm a 21 year old male nerd, not a roastie.
You asking me to name "flaws" on her just because I said she's average really shows how simple minded you are.
There is nothing particularly wrong with her, I suppose her nose is a little strange, but that's it. She's just average looking
and with her is an average looking guy. They're both 6 or so out of 10. 
You're mind has been warped by internet usage and being in this echo chamber for too long.
The real world doesn't think about other humans in such a weird black and white way like you do.
I've noticed that the people on this board try insanely hard to do things that should just come naturally.
Like I said, they probably bonded over the shared interests they clearly have and then started dating. 
It's that simple.
Where were all the girls who liked AiC when i was in high school? Seriously, i was a 6'5 basketball-playing, 6-pack-having, 2-plate-benching, but extremely spergy guy. I never had friends and i never talked to a woman. I know what my problem is, i'm shy. I played the guitar, the violin, the piano, i read poetry, but mentally i was a pushover. I was getting bullied, but whenever i told my mom she would laugh because "i can't get bullied, i'm bigger than all of them". And now i'm 23 and still have never had a friend or touched a girl. I'm pretty fucked up now.
lol this shit only happens in high school and they clearly look underage 
this lol. that girl would never date someone like that at uni
Samefagging at its finest
I didn't try to improve my social skills in high school and let myself get bullied despite my advantages and now I'm messed up.
Work on yourself dipshit.
she's fucking cute and:
with her is an average looking guy. 
LOL maybe you're the guy himself. i'll tell you what. you're not average looking you're not 6/10, you're fucking ugly 3/10, 
that huge nigger potato nose is awful!!! dude looks like a caricature, this isn't even scott pilgrim &amp; ramona flowers, she looks better than ramona and he looks worse than michael fucking cera
I am >>73155601 and >>73155655 but not the middle one.
You know that you don't only need to post one reply per thread you enter, right?
compares them to fictional characters
Please go back to plebbit.
Your short temper also doesn't help your look either. I can't imagine getting this butthurt over a picture of two teenagers lol.
Sorry 4chan kid, this is real life. Mini chad gets the girl.
When I was 16 I had a literal Stacy-tier arthoe chasing me, the frats wanted to get with her, but she had a crush on me (a skinny asian guy) to the point she used her friends as wingmen to try and get us together. These days I can't attract a average chubby girl if my life depended on it.
I tried in high school, but i was bullied and ostracised to the point mobody would even talk to me, so i would spend breaks reading goethe in empty classrooms. And now i'm studying mathematics, where there are actually 0 women, and all the other guys are actual autists, as in 150+ iq savants that can't hold conversations but know group theory and shit. At any hobby i go to i'm "the guy who is good at it but nobody really talks to". I'm fucked up, but that's all right. I'm used to it now.
I am >>69696969 and >>69696969 but not the middle one.
You know, that you don't only need to post one reply per thread you enter, right????
Samefagging at its finest
zoomer meme
why are zoomers so annoying?
yeah that's me and my gf in the pic. i dunno how people got it nor did I read any of the post. not after accidentally reading the first one. anyways anons twitch.tv/2no1_ pls support this charity
Left one is a ftm
what an odd post.
thick eyebrows
messy full head of hair
wide, heart-shaped head
I mean he's a kid but if you think glasses = low-status male, you're stuck in the 90s. If he's funny and can play guitar or sings in a band, then it's not even a question why some mallmetal girl his age would like him.
This is the norm, an alternative girl shacked up to a normie.
This guy is a popular metal band interviewer
Alice in Chainsbros... we stay winning
https://youtu.be/2maHkdezdEc [Embed]
you're stuck in the 90s
Yeah, the people on this board are, that's the problem.
be girl 
go on etsy
type in metal/crust pins and patches throw them all on your shirt without listening to any of them
men simp for you because of your perceived music taste
. also shes on adderall typical teen whore her eyes are saucers.
the girl looks conventionally attractive, the guy... has a weird shaped face, glasses don't fit him, big ass dicksucking lips, looks 12, giant nose.
what's odd about it? if you head on over to our support page twitch.tv/2no1_ we can clear up all your concerns. did i mention that it's LIVE support?! not of those robo calls ai's but a real LIVE experience
Those are kids, anon.
2005 is 18 now
2013 is 10 years old btw. 2008 is 15 years old.
The world we grew up in is totally forgotten.
da fuck timmy gon do when i beat his twink ass and take his prime milky goth gf and fuck her with my bbc ???
prime milky goth gf
An incredible example of Black Men's standards for White women lmao.
Nothing "milky" or "prime" about that woman.
How in the ever-loving FUCK?
This thread is a perfect example of hoe-flation. That kid is completely normal looking and even looksmogs some of the Beatles. She's above average but not stunning. 
Not too long ago you didn't need to be a jacked 6'3" 8/10 face guy to score a 7/10 girl.
That kid is completely normal looking and even looksmogs some of the Beatles. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOcYTOBA0CI [Embed]
I don't disagree with you but why are the Beatles your go-to example of men?
You think a literal goblin is attractive? Jesus bro
go-to example of men
It's a reference point for hoeflation in 2 periods of time. What passed as attractive or even sex symbols 40 years ago would have a hard time getting a girlfriend today.
link them this thread OP
The kid is a relatively successful musician, Elliot Fullam, it's pretty good stuff, elliot smith esque. He found a niche and capitalized on it with some status, plus he's not terrible looking, not good looking, but not terrible, no huge flaws. Reasonable.
She's not THAT bad jeez
wow his music sucks but thats what the chicks like so I get it
TURNS OUT IF YOU'RE NOT A COMPLETE MENTAL MUTT WITH A REPELLENT PERSONALITY AND INSANE STANDARDS NO HUMAN COULD HOPE TO ACHIEVE ALL THE SUPERFICIAL SHIT YOU MORONS OBSESS OVER DON'T REALLY MATTER
Better than a lot of other shit coming out today.
OH NO NO NO NO NO NO, MUSCLEBROS, DID WE GET TOO COCKY!?!?!?
Also just be a successful musician and actor.
hurr durr her looksmatch is a 6ft4 bearded &amp; tatted viking warrior lumberjack man
This, but unironically.
what are you talking about. hes baby faced but very cute, in a nerdy sort of way
Yes just do something with your life what a duckin' mystery
Two teenagers
What am I supposed to be noticing here?
i had a one sided relationship with elliot in my head, and now i feel like knives from scott pilgrim. i have been mogged by a fat white girl with dyed hair once again. only issue with him is that it would be racemixing and thats kind of gross
posts outlier
shocked at seeing the outlier and requires an explanation
Your shock and request for an explanation is the explanation that this doesn't happen in more than 99% of cases.
Who are they? I saw them yesterday being posted on /int/
It's not even an outlier, just look at any zoomer high school lol
i'm a drawfag who mogs him in looks but i get 0 pussy
There is nothing particularly wrong with her, I suppose her nose is a little strange, but that's it. She's just average looking
Absolutely delusional. This girl is absolutely perfect.
It's as if she was sculpted by the gods as an example of sublime perfection of the female form. There is literally not a single thing wrong with her.
I'm a 25 year old male nerd.
I was extremely into screamo shit like this in high school and not a single alt girl wanted to fuck. Then I approached the zoomer alt girls when suicideboys and zoomer eilish took off and they didn't want to fuck. Now I have le ebin skilled trade and absolutely no way to meet women like this. What the fuck went wrong?
1) You have autism and don't actually know how to perform social interactions
or
2) You're overweight/generally unhygienic
Alt-Girls are literally the easiest ones to fuck too since they're usually counter-culture sluts lol.
Also, >>73158512 the chick in this other guys picture is far superior to OPs picture lol.
Mexican hands typed this post.
Also, >>73158512 (You) # the chick in this other guys picture is far superior to OPs picture lol.
Disagree. She is too feminine.
I like a bit of androgyny in my partners.
Worse. Irish ones.
wow, the scott pilgrim remake looks great
He has status anon and money
 he meets blue checkmarked artists
Are you trolling? He is a boneless recessed faggot while her face is nicely developed. 
He has a brutally recessed chin, huge bulbous nigger nose, zero jawline, tiny head, tiny body with a Destiny tier frame, etc. He is subhuman and she is a Stacey.
Milky goth bitch will say "Fuck you, nigger" and stay loyal to him.
8888T0
I feel so alone, gonna end up a big ol pile of them bones.
behemoth
booring!!!
she has no idea of what half of those symbols mean
how can she be a left hand pather and still believing in surface subjects like satanism and """""""''witchcraft"""""""""
People are so easily baited. Lmao
OMG SHE LIKES KING DIAMOND????!?!?!?! WAOWWWWW. SHE COULD BE THE MOST ANNOYING RETARDED BITCH ON EARTH BUT SHE LIKES KING DIAMOND DOOD!
These people are both like 6-7s
He's a 2 at best, it should be a crime for him to even look at her.
>/hm/ is that way, faggot.
