Is it possible to join the army if I am diagnosed with aspergers?
they're taking literally anyone rn homie
nah you won't be able to handle getting screamed at in boot camp, and the local "chads" in your barracks will bully you
homie
Sorry I don't take advice from somebody who talks like a spic/nigger. Go back to tiktok zoomer.
Dont you guys all do that already
This is pretty much true. That being said, you can get through boot camp as an absolute weirdo if you:
Show up as a PT stud. That sort of thing is universally respected in the military. If you're a jacked guy with great stamina and the ability to do push ups for days people will think "eh Anon is weird but he's tough, fuck it he's OK." Most guys show up to boot camp in shit shape.
Memorize all the military shit you're going to tested on beforehand. Just Google "what to learn before boot camp" and learn all that with Quizlet decks or whatever. Most recruits won't do this so you'll be ahead of the game.
Watch as much content on what military boot camp is like. Real documentary content, not movies. 
Keep your mouth shut and your head low. Being good at the first three points will help with this. It's the fatasses, the guys who don't know their shit and the ones with a foul attitude because they the wrong perspective on what the military would be like that get special/negative attention from the DIs.
Stay away from the Marines since they have more of a gung ho Military bro culture that you might not fit in with. I've heard the Air Force is quite chilled out.
Remember that boot camp is in actuality easy as fuck and if you just grind out a few weeks of bullshit you'll be in the real military and your life will be nothing like it was when you were in boot. Don't be the retard that quits with a month left for absolutely no reason. It's not going to be years of getting yelled at by DIs, it's just a few weeks and then you're done.
Also browse and ask questions in the /meg/ military enlistment general on /k/. Do this before you meet with recruiters. Remember, recruiters are used care salesmen trying to hit quotas so it's important to show up to your initial meetings armed with some information.
But youre going to go work for zog lmfao literal insect
OP here, my goal is to join the 75th ranger regiment. Is that an unrealistic goal for a literal autiste?
