Why are Moids like that?
Because we gave foids rights.
Impressive. Very nice. Now let's see the young male dating pool.
Why is OP obsessed with random hateful Twitter users?
- instagram addicts
- "ladyboss" bitches you have to perform constant financial labor for
- narcissistic (if not bpd) fat girls
- emotionally distant manipulators
- performative "trad" girls who still treat men and their children like shit
youre already a whore if youre "dating" ie riding the cock carousel. Have you ever wondered why none of your ex's committed to you? you know they just used you for sex right lmao?
I HATE MOIDS SO MUCH
OMG GET THAT AWAY FROM MY MOU-
Lost
Why did they have to ruin this innocent hentai with this scene?
EVERY TIME!
-sexual liberation
-90's meme of men letting their emotions out
-Women rewarding narcissistic chad pretty boys with sex
-people who know how to keep women in line (females hate shit tests when they are done on them, but not when they give them, big surprise)
-liberalism
Wow would you look at that. All behaviors that in one way or another have their origins in things women did/supported.
EVERY TIME!
Don't forget
People put literally zero effort into raising boys. Parents even joke about how much "easier" it is to raise boys all the time
I do laundry and wash my asshole. Does that make me bf material?
Unironically that puts you above like 50% of 20 year old men. If you have your own place and a car you'll be above 90%
I have both of those and a six figure job as well, but I'm also 5'7" and a wizard
idk if this is a joke but it actually 100% does
literally nobody cares about your height if you groom yourself and know how to do basic chores why are you even on this board
Doesn't really matter. Still a virgin.
I left r9k several years ago but I'm back because I overheard neighbors having passionate sex and it made me realize how empty my life is
kek
it's all true
No
Women are constantly complaining about their bfs never showering/brushing teeth/wiping ass 
Hence, practicing basic hygiene is not a prerequisite for a relationship
However, please do it anyway
A wiped ass is its own reward
She doesn't know what she wants.
Not sure if you can read the lines, but the part "you have to perform constant emotional labor for" means that she doesn't want to hear about your feelings at all. Express any vulnerability around this woman and all of a sudden she will stop viewing you as a man. What she is saying is: I want someone emotional enough to do all the emotional labor for me, but I do not want to reciprocate by allowing you to be vulnerable as well.
No one because im 5'8
This is a very damaged woman. Very obviously mentally ill. I found her Twitter account and its all about being ok with ruining a mans life over being accused of rape because "he COULD be an abuser." One of those "guilty until proven innocent" types.
Tweet in screenshot, she changed her handle: https://twitter.com/antifamouss/status/1021007888968495105
Profile: https://twitter.com/antifamouss
Women like this are to be avoided. At best they do not want the best for you and at worst will ruin your life because she had the female version of post nut clarity
Sad state of affairs. Earlier today I was eating lunch with a friend of mine. He and his wife just had a kid a couple of years ago. That kid was already on the phone watching cartoons.
