no electricity for a whole week
what would you do in your free time?
kill myself with a pointy object that can easily reach the carotid artery
that happened to me for 3 days and all I did was sleep or stare at the wall the entire time. I have doujins I like saved so I'd just fap to that
i don't just mean wired electricity, i mean any and all electrical devices.
I take tent and go nature hike, fish, hunt. Living in the woods. I like survival stuff.
I haven't read half of the manga on my shelf, that'd be a good time.
Just at my house or everywhere? I'd just go to the gym as much as possible to pass the time because it's one of the few things that gives me joy right now.
Back in 2008, I spend about a month without a computer because I fried it and couldn't afford a mobo. I spent most of my time going to the library, reading all sorts of books, and hiking in nearby parks. You get used to it.
Read, maybe draw, go for walks, think about how much free time I have without electricity, think about how much time I've wasted browsing image boards, realize the internet is poison for the soul and think of how it's ruined my life, brood over how much I could've achieved in my life if every week had been like the week without electricity, then immediately log back in when the electricity is back
only correct answer itt
originally
Clean, read, take care of son, cook, have sex.
hope that i have weed or alcohol uhh explore the woods and clean my room and create art maybe catch up on a little crochet or whittling uhhh maybe cut myself if my thoughts become too much and assuming i do not have electricity but do have batteries i would listen to my cds on my discman and plant seeds outside finally and hell maybe id even read a book oh shit i gotta rake the lawn too
I remember one time that where I live we were like a couple of days without electricity and is incredible how much people change. People started meeting on the streets, playing with cards, playing anything, listening to music with radios together, just talking, etc. A similar thing happened during the pandemic when we couldn't go out but people still met in a yard that the building where I live has. You had to find neighbors to talk with because that was all people had to do outside.
Then electricity came back or the quarantine ended and everyone returned to their houses and their screens.
The internet is the biggest poison for the mind that has been created.
You are wrong because you can learn about anything!
Most people use it just for entertainment and for porn and other degenrated things. And maybe it's better to know less but to know useful things that really matter in your life. Yeah it's very cool to read about this and that on the internet but does that really matter in your daily life?
