Anyone else struggle with having an open book personality? I just can't help but spill all my thoughts and feelings.
many people do that when nervous
pay attention to your mom and dad, if one of them are like that, then you are
only solution is to move away from them
I'm the opposite. I listen to people and they talk at me until they're blue in the face. 
The moment I try to discuss details about myself they go right back to talking about themselves. Very annoying.
all it takes is someone using that shit against you once and you'll never open up to most people again
that rarely happens
families like that are made fun of but they are the ones who care about it the most
I know the feeling, Anon. 
It doesn't help that I'm terrible at articulating my thoughts, so I usually just end up venting pure nonsense.
I think it's a product of overcompensation. As a teen, I was extremely reserved and socially retarded, so I didn't talk much. Now as a young adult I just can't seem to shut the fuck up sometimes. I say so much out of pocket shit that I should really just keep to myself.
it's genetic guaranteed
the only way is avoiding people with the same trait and avoid being nervous like that
This is me and my parents. I know damn right that if I about anything else than the weather I'd be stuck here for the next 3 hours.
Yeah my mother is the exact same way.
who do you spill them to? I'm the opposite because it feels rude to burden someone else with my shit and I can't imagine anyone caring anyway.
Literally anything. My feelings on any given topic no matter how controversial, what I think about certain people, past traumas, experiences with crime and drugs, etc. Like if you want to know something about me simply ask and I'll tell you everything. Little to no filter.
I can relate.
For me is 100% the reason why I do it. 
I m constantly nervous around people so I cant seem to stfu and end up like OP here >>73153596
Only solution I ve found is to cut all contact with people. No stimuli, no reaction.
I used to be like (You) then this >>73153571 happened. Life will most likely eventually get you.
This. Happened once and then I realize there is stuff I better keep a hold on for my own good. People are inherently dangerous, and whenever I feel like making a comment on certain stuff I think or enjoy, I think twice before saying it. Otherwise they will use it against me.
One day you are gonna step on your tail, and you will think of me.
I pray for your fall
Stfu you knuckledragging hollow-brained airhead nigger. You seriously think the meme images I attach to my posts have any relevancy? I scroll through my 3GB folder of unorganized images and pick one at random. I pray you're trapped in samsara for 1,000 more generations.
Has this effected you negatively in any ways? Open books tend to get read and closed.
Sort of the opposite, used to try to open up but I realized that I'm just a downer and people will share it with others when I'm not around.
Anyone else have problems talking to relatives? I don't hate them but I'm a neet with agoraphobia. Typically I doordash but I haven't really left my room in 4-5 months. I have nothing positive to talk about and 95% of what they want to know is how I'm doing with work or w/e. I just end up dodging the questions vaguely and switching the topic to them or current events. I try mentioning hobbies / interests like chess and it always comes back to "is that going to make you money?" kind of comment. My aunt / uncle live in florida and recently bought a house in my state, I'm planning on calling them today but I'm dreading it.
I do too. Im usually quiet, but i open my mouth and instantly ive said something weird
i often hide the truth in plain sight by normally being full of shit. doesn't take long for people to just laugh it off when i say stuff like ''when i get home i'm going to get drunk pretty much every day, need to crank those numbers up if i'm going to be considered for the pro alcoholic leagues.'' people generally laugh at it as long as they dont know i actually struggle with alcoholism.
People also do this when they're overwhelmed and don't have anyone to talk to. They literally just start to spill their guts out on anyone who'll listen. 
It's bad for both sides, because you look like a creep and at the same time you're in a pretty bad spot, which is what leads you to o that.
Oversharing is just kinda rude, I I wouldn't let you off the hook by calling it a personality trait.
That's just like retarded women who has "kinda bitchy" as a personality trait, being mean is a choice, and you can choose to not be rude whenever you want, you just don't.
I do this plus I tend to bury it more with actual obvious lies. Like the game two truths and a lie but reversed.
yeah thats what i do too.
its kinda entertaining to challenge yourself to think quickly.
