Anyone in here a teacher? Will start working tomorrow (I am a history teacher) and I am afraid the teenagers won`t like me
I was the weird retarded kid no one talked to all throughout school, so I am afraid I wont be able connect with my students 
How was your first day of teaching? Did you manage to gain the kids over?
My buddy is currently an English teacher on a foreign trip teaching kids in Italy. He said in his first few days there all the kids called him Mr. Beast and made fun of him the whole day. So they'll probably like you but find one little detail about you to joke about the entire time and you'll have to hear that for the entire school year.
Youre starting to work as a teacher at the beginning of May?
Other teacher fucked off of school so they called me to substitute him
Youre teaching for 3 1/2 weeks. 
A. Nobody is going to respect you because youre coming in at the end.
B. the teacher was probably not respected because he wanted to leave. Kids are aware of a lack of enthusiasm. Theyre gonna carry that attitude when dealing with you.
C. Just go off the book youre not gonna be friends with these kids.
so dont take it too seriously. Just be chill, give them light homework and dont take it personally when they dont give you the respect you deserve king. I dont know these kids but I know even a really good engaging teacher would not get respect.
adding to this anon, assuming you're talking about ~16 teenagers, just get real, desu.
tell them you know they'll not like you much, some sort of little spiel, and be a bit informal about it.
basically teach stuff, try to make it even more engaging, and don't think of yourself too highly while doing substitute work.
Pretty sure you're going to have the principle's office, police station, and FBI field office on speed dial by the end of the semester since the class HOI autist keeps submitting /pol/ sperg essays. On the flipside some cunt with a tiktok account is going to edit your normal lecture to make you look like a nazi and get you fired before the history sperg reenacts his favorite WW2 battle on his classmates. I really don't envy your job at all, and I do history as a hobby.
be cold and strick with them at first, as the time passes open yourself more, some professors of mine did that and now i understand why, 
they wont respect you if youre to friendly
Just be real, they know that you're human if they're in high school, my favorite teacher had no problem calling us dumbasses when we were
Act like a teacher not a friend. No one respects a teacher who acts like a friend
Give them a hand and they take your arm
Kids make fun of every single teacher for the stupidest shit. Every single one, no exception, LITERALLY every single one, one hundred percent. So don't take it personally
Best advice I can give as a former teacher (got a cushy job at city hall where I don't have to fucking talk to people anymore) is to be firm but not a loud overbearing asshole, and try not to show it if they're getting under your skin. If they sense weakness they'll pounce on it.
Bring guitars and other instruments and help the kids form bands and face off at the talent show at the end of the year.
It's one thing to want them to like and respect you as a teacher. It's another thing to want them to like you as a friend or a person. The absolute worst thing is if teachers are desperate for teenagers' approval. I mean obviously you want them to think you're a good teacher, but don't try to be buddy buddy with them. Accept that they're young and cool and hip and you're old and uncool and not a teenager anymore. 
They're going to make fun of you. Kids are very mean. They make fun of everyone for the smallest shit. If they see it gets to you, they will make fun of you even more. Just try to remember how dumb and edgy and cringe you were as a teenager, and remember they're all like that too. 
Your pic is a great book
Top kekus
Doesn't this entirely depend on whether it's public or private school (based on US) as well as various other factors (class size, school size, etc)?
I feel the same way about being a cop btw. I don't see why anyone would want to nowadays since they're constantly under the microscope and having to walk on eggshells since the public wants them to get fucked over because of a couple extreme outliers. Never mind that these are essential jobs for society, but fuck 'em.
