It's like they hate me simply for not being a normalfag and existing. I'm trying to make the best out of my life eventhough I really just wanna give up and they STILL have to shittalk me all the time.
why didn't you stand up for yourself? who was mocking you? were they fat? did they have ugly faces? 
why didn't you mock them?
Fuck these fucking normies, anon. Hows the piano? I play it too
Learning to play piano doesn't put food on the table moron.
They want you to do something productive.
How about they help anon find a job instead of mocking him?
Don't worry about them bro, just do what makes you happy. I can tell you from experience and having been exactly where you are now, once you put in a ton of effort to get way ahead you will not get the praise you will expect, they will not apologize, and they will find some other bullshit to bully you with. I went from a NEET at 24 to the most successful person in the family anyone has even heard of, and they just treat me the same way they treat everyone else, never mention my accomplishments, and I think they just don't want to give me a big head or feel like they're inferior to a guy who they used to make fun of. If you do become successful, never forget how they treated you, don't gloat or rub it in their face, their jealousy will stew inside themselves while you live a blissful life.
They will always dislike you because you are different, you are not a normalfag, your expressions, mannerisms and all that are strange and it makes them angry.
There's nothing to mock and they're right, but they don't need to remind me of my mistakes and faults all the time since I'm already aware of them.
bretty good, I got my first concert in 2 months. Gonna play Chopins Op. 55. No. 1 and Op. 10 No. 3.
I work a part-time job and soon I'm gonna study something just to earn good money, eventhough I have 0 motivation to do so because I don't think need lots of money.
Look at this fucking normie
What a fag
you know what to do anon (in video game)
kys wageslave goylem
also are you mostly mocked by female or male family members?
Nice, i really like chopin. Those pieces sound nice, just searched it. I was learning loves sorrow, i know fucking weeby. I didnt even liked the anime, i just fell in live with the piece. I got lazy and stopped. I should get back to it
Why are you westerners such redditor bitches? I have had multiple relatives come to my house telling my parents to throw me out or send me to some factory. I dont give a shit. Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me.
You don't get to eat your cake and have it too retard. People don't respect NEETS either go to work or face ridicule.
Well well well, look what we have here. A redditor larping as a 4chinner. So mentally strong. Dont give a fuck what other people think. So tough and so manly
How are they gonna help you find a job if they are regular people retard?
Hold your hand when you go to an interview and tell you that everything will be alright?
Yeah, I guess that's just how it is if you aren't neurotypical.
Male. My female family members are really nice to me actually
Beautiful piece, probably gonna learn it after my current pieces. One of the first pieces I really wanted to learn and now I'm probably good enough to play it. You should go back to it, you'll enjoy playing again for sure.
I'm not a NEET, learn to read
You develop hobies AFTER you have secured your existence. Of course a manchild retard like you wouldn't figure this out.
Im affluent so I can NEET without beings deemed inferior you peasant american trash
Gtfo here normie. Oh no, you gotta give back to society blablabla. If youve found a loophole of earning money without working, who gives a fuck if they dont actually have a job. Except when theyre leeching off family, thats kinda
Man you sound like a bitch, bitch
Man up and handle your shit
Nobody here found any loopholes you deluded retard lmao. They're all leeches to their parents expecting respect from their families on top of that is hilarious
I fortunately have good realtions with my father and uncles and my grandfathers are dead so Im not treated as failure. Also is it your uncles, cousins or grandfather that think you are a loser?
Cope more my redditor friend. Only redditors and women give a shit verbal """""""abuse""""""" . Grow some balls nigga.
Nigga are YOU the retard? Don't regular people have friends that need an employee? Look up job descriptions and send it to anon?
I'm already applying to uni and currently working a part-time job. What are you mad at exactly? That I don't like being ridiculed for not being normal?
Kys normie, these autists have more skills than you do. Except social, which society has deemed to be the most important skill. Kinda retarded if you ask me
Mostly cousins
T.
Oh, a nigger. No wonder you sound so primitive
Wtf where did you find that pic of me?
I look like that and don't say that
Cope bitchmade pussy. Imagine getting upset over someone calling you unemployed jej
Im not unemployed, nigger
Ok, thats not that bad. It would be worse if it were your older relatives because their opinion can be influencial on your position in family and they can actually force you to work but if those are cousins they you should just ignore them or teach them a lesson that they wont forgot.
you are a tremendous faggot
Worthless dogshit family. Avoid them as much as possible for the rest of your life
Just stop hanging out with them then. You don't owe cunts your time even if they're family. If they want you around then they should respect you.
There's no escape from normies, they'll always be there to ruin everything unnecessarily. At this point I don't consider most of them fully human, I can't really imagine growing up differently to turn out like them.
