Getting divorced 
Living with my mom and her new husband since September 
Exwife already found someone a week after she kicked me out she had him lined up before then
Starting to ruin my moms marriage now just by existing
Friends call me selfish for not accepting their help and leaving their group chat even though they havent done much and live 1 and a half hours away so I cant even go see them
Moms husband keeps the key to his gunsafe in the lock. I have no idea how to load or use it. But Im seriously thinking about it. Only thing thats stopping me is how older brother shot himself when he got back from the Army and I cant stop imagining my mothers reaction if I did the same thing. And Id probably wake up in Hell
How old are you, brother?
PASTA!
I got divorced recently. My "friends" in town mostly all went with her. My high school "friends" were just not there for me. We decided to do joint custody of the dogs.
I was completely alone during the weeknights. My only socialization was coworkers, who were better than nothing until I went home, to suffer by myself.
I stuck through it. I tried to get more socialization and maybe some pussy by bar hopping during the week. Eventually, I made a friend. Recently, I've been having some (admittedly unhealthy) ONSs.
I decided I needed a vacation. I needed to get out of my house and enjoy life somewhere else. On vacation, I got talking to my server one night. I was kinda drunk at the time, so I don't really remember how it all went down, but she asked me for my number. We talked the entire ride home. We talked every night until 2 or 3 AM for like a month. She eventually broke it off because she didn't want to do an LDR. But recently we've been talking again.
It really sucks, but your life isn't over. IDK what your original plans were; you might not be able to accomplish them anymore. But that doesn't mean you can't rebuild a happy life.
Bro wtf, stop and take a good hard look at yourself.
Thinking of shooting yourself over some bitch.
You learned your lessons about female monkey-branching hypergamy the hard way, and caring too much about women, now move on with the rest of your life content in knowing you'll never make that retarded mistake again.
Stop being melodramatic about it, you're not a woman.
