Why are so many women whoring themselves out on the internet as soon as they turn 18?
Because all women are naturally whores
I have heard of people under 18 posting on there. Literal high schoolers
nobody cares anon most anons found this site before they turned 18
Its presented to them as a chalice of immortality but in reality it is a chalice of poison. Much like spaceTM and cybernetic body parts.
easy money, society has changed. These women crave attention and through these mediums they can get it.
I lost my viginity and was fucking a girl for years who had a public face 'boyfriend". It was a "cuck" sort of situation, majority of these girls are fucking mulitple dudes, but will just have one person for show.
Because it is one of the easiest way to make money, duh. No one is taught how important morality is these days.
You make money from desperate losers by putting in the absolute bare minimum (eg; don't even need to be naked sometimes) and are celebrated under the facade of "female empowerment". It's a female win/win. I legit knew a girl from uni who started an OF and only posts in tight gym-wear - she hasn't put out a single nude. It caters to some kind of fetish, idk. She made a few grand out of it.
Our civilization is due for another huge war and our rulers are malicious.
Holy fucking shit....Are things really this bad? Every damn time you hear stories of average-looking women or slightly better making gorillions of dollars on onlyfans.
Keep in mind....onlyfans is a subscription platform, meaning you have to keep paying each month. How are there so many lonely men who are willing to pay for photos and videos...to point that women can earn generational wealth of off them? Mind boggling
its here already, race war political division sex war you name it its in the works. The Nazis in ohio seething at the trannies the fresh and fit dude bro esque podcasts molding the brains of young men, women on tiktok constantly sexuallizing themselves its over anon we are past the point of no return
A significant portion of them are rich brownoids from Arab states and India who wipe their ass with the money they spend on OF
they arent just bad anon its fucking terrible, The "wall" these incels talk about doesent exist, below average women are operating on the same mindset as a 10/10 and expect much more. Not all are like this but its the majority
if you see an attractive woman online without one its safe to assume she has content stocked and is waiting for the day her looks fade to upload them as a retirement fund basically
No actual violence will occur unless the higher-ups sanction it. Anything pops off that they don't like....and the police/SWAT/national guard will put it down immediately.
of course they will put it down if violence occurs, they arent doing anything illegal though, just an eyesore.
because >>73159863 AND they actively encourage each other to be whores as well
if you're some big successful account you'll sign up a thousand desperate sluts and get a percentage
The wall is the biggest fucking cope. Sure, some chicks will lose their looks and male attention. But the overwhelming majority will still have a huge pool of men chose from.
oh no! which accounts?
women consider themselves minors at 18 and cant stand that they are getting older i have realized
Not that many. No more than before, actually even less.
Cuz daddy gives no pocket money for Gucci and shieeet
I fucking hate botox faces and their boo hoo fashion shit.
Nah, they want to be adult so they are legally on the menu, but fade out the thought that their value falls with each year after 27.
Lmfao retard
The number of women on OF spiked during the pandemic and never went down
The median income from an onlyfans creator is $180/mo. Your mentality is like if people said men are privileged because they can make a twitch or youtube account and make millions from that. OnlyFans success is mostly a game of advertising, monetization, and content creation. Obviously you have to be attractive, and as with anything in life if you're top 0.001% attractive you'll succeed easily. That said, it's not like every woman is making a gorillion dollars on onlyfans. It IS true however that there's like 1.2M women who have an onlyfans and like 20M eligible women so like 1/20 your future GF if she exists has had one.
For money and for fun. 
easy money
that is literally it
attention and validation also play a huge part of it
Going to need a source for those stats.
Google, retard
a jew bought onlyfans right before it got popular
hnnng, any feet?
The whole "sex positivity" thing has greatly progressed the moral and civil decay of western culture. Also, everyones broke as shit these days.
Feet lovers are the best
Link? I'll sub
that pretty much came from women themselves. when they are free to be who they really want to be they without fail always choose to be whores who ride the CC.
yeah but those alone aren't enough for most women
it puts their attention and validation irl at risk which is higher value than internet validation
posting nudes online publicly is obviously degrading and degenerate no matter how much they delude themselves, most hide it from their families and friends 
the top successful ones go public and open about it as an effort to further monetize their brand, some even play angles of being against it while also still doing it 
money is the primary motivator and excuse for why they do it
every successful onlyfans whore has a sob story about how they were poor and abused until onlyfans came along and saved their life
every interview ive ever seen is the same
oh no they seem to young for that give the the accounts so i can report them andmake sure they are fine
the only reason why you are bitter about it is that they dont ride YOUR cock
This LOL. Deranged coping incels
not the anon you were answering to but why you say dosen't make sense,most of them dont even earn 100$ a month and even then their nudes can easily be found on google for free and sometimes they themselves post them for free in places like reddit or twitter,so i doubt the main reason is money
throatfuck me please. handle?
never change 4chins
Because women know the only value they have are their looks, they also know that men outclass them in everything else physically and even mentally so they have no choice but to become "legal" prostitutes (dating apps) or sell their coochie online.
well, yeah, no shit
I didn't complain about it. 4chan isn't just one person, retard.
Only incels complain about OF so talk for yourself.
Not sure if i should dox it in a thread full of hateful anons lol
Does this include the outlier of the millions of accounts created for the sole purpose of subscription, not content creation? Or is an OnlyFans "creator" account somewhat different than a "subscriber" (normal) account? If it's the median income of only creators attempting to make money, there's likely still some outliers dragging that number down, as a majority of the creators I stumble across online actually make a decent amount of dough with minimal effort. There's advertiser firms solely dedicated to advertising for OF creators since it's such a lucrative business rn
go look under the comment section of a post by an average woman showing skin or just doing something casual (tiktok instagram twitter etc etc). Men are so deprived of female attention and touch so they simp over them complimenting them endlessly flooding the dms. they then begin to feel above their averge peers ego through the roof 
sorry im tired
most of them dont even earn 100$ a month
i would argue that the magnitude of wealth to effort ratio if they get popular is enough to keep them engaged with the platform
look how many twitch streamers try to start up a stream compared to how many actually make it big
posting lewds is even easier than streaming with a similar level of wealth from success
the success rate is small but the payoff is massive
literally being set for life potentially after a mere few years of posting and shilling lewds
advertising
Every good looking women can live off OF. That number gets dragged down by low iq fat sheboons and midwest country whales, those exist in the millions
Yeah, probably better not to. You're beautiful though! I wish I could have spoiled you.
Its called marketing you dumbfuck. Money is the #1 motivator and always will be
Why would you spend 12 hours a day selling photos of your pussy and ass and sexting creepy old guys for mediocre money? If you're skinny, pretty, decent with technology, and have no shame maybe you can earn a few racks but if you're not going to make retire early money it's just a shitty, labor intensive side hustle that you can go for a decade or so at the cost of your privacy, self- respect, and comfort.
I don't know about every single good looking woman, there's a wealth distribution chain that couldn't support such a large workforce of unproductive members of society.
thanks for playing the game
Thank you anon. Maybe you will find me on reddit one day. I use this background frequently
I think I've seen you before on tiktok actually? I'll keep an eye out!
I only post on OF and reddit, mostly asian related subs or legwear
IM FUCKING SEEEEEEETHING
i think that was her intention
If I was attractive I would take pictures of myself and pretend to be friends with losers for the promise of $10k+ a month.
It's like the equivalent of blacks trying to become rappers or sports players, for the effort it's worth it's practically free money so why not try your luck
Inflation hit women hardest of all.
They are poor and that money they get will not change that fact they are poor.
die you fucking simp and whores
Yes it is. 4chan, Twitter, and reddit are separate hiveminds. Individualism doesn't exist.
I find it more absurd how there's men that actually pay for this when there's almost infinite free porn out there
B-but it's not the same!
You can literally find leaked content for most OF accounts
She has no idea who you are and doesn't care, literally a findom parasocial relationship
Why would you not if you could? Even if you're not going to get rich or make a job out of it, if you're an even slightly attractive woman it's some nonzero quantity of money for very little effort.
Pretty much every girl has at least considered doing this
Can't forget tinder, they market themselves there as well
This right here. I find it pretty retarded, but many people are, sadly. It's like people paying to listen to music or watch shows where you can get all of that free.
Easy money and infinite approval, if you were an attractive girl you would've considered that path
If half the entire world (men's simping) deluded you into thinking you could make easy money just by fucking on camera or even better just taking naked videos, you would try to. What these women don't understand is that men are literally just trying to fuck so even their digital adoration is exaggeration for the sake of potential sex but women would rather think highly of themselves while assuming men are more genuine instead of the alternate of their actual sexual value and the actual scope of men's primal nature.
It's almost guaranteed money and if they are smart about it they can become millionaires and never have to work a day in their life. Literal female privilege.
