im the funny little creature that lives in your pipes
If you're so funny make me laugh
Yeah pipe down and fuck off my board normalfaggot
you're right im not funny
sorry
wtf what did i do to you
i shit in my drains daily
Cat avatarfag is a scat girl confirmed
There she is &lt;33 kittehpostaaaah
thats not normal anon
thats very not normal
im out for a walk and i hear so many birds singing even though its the middle of the night, its so nice
hello!!!
Starting the thread a lil bit late tonight, cp
What are you up to?
Fuck off rape dwarf, I'm not letting you out again
You don't belong here normie, you're not a robot
Damn, newfags out of control tonight...
i woke up at like 10 pm and now im outside walking around listening to music
how about you anon
LET ME OUT
this is my home
Still curb stomping the moids, catposter? How are you? Hope you're OK.
yehhh im out looking for a moid to end but i see no one
how about you anon
just got done cooking a huge pot of bolognese sauce for the week and waiting on it to cool down to put in the fridge. added some beans to it this time, turned out delish.
now im outside walking around
is it safe to do that where you are?
I'm a moid, please don't end me tho
i woke up at like 10 pm
back to the routine, huh
got your red bull and cigs on you?
how was your week? anything of interest?
ohhh that sounds really good
is it safe to do that where you are?
yeah my city is really safe even at night
plus this part of town is completely empty at night, its why i come here 
its also great for riding, you can see how the street is super straight, it actually goes like that for almost 5km so its just amazing
if i see you you're done
yeah i cant help it night time is just so much better
i only have cigs with me but im actually gonna go to the shop on my way home so i might get something from there
boring week desu but i dont mind im stressing over university exams coming up in a month or so and im just trying to take my mind off it
you can see how the street is super straight
oh, that >>73156667 was a real pic?
post moar, take me along on your comfy /nightwalk/
what are you listening to?
hi moid stomper pipe gnome, hope you're doing alright, enjoy your night
stressing over university exams coming up in a month
thought you said they're quite easy 
or cp can't focus for shit on studying?
what are you listening to?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VQcGayd9Jk [Embed]
im almost home now so no more pics but tomorrow night maybe i'll go out for a longer walk and do a proper thread for that, its fun
i actually have an idea but idk if anyone would be interesteed, i can ask my brother to send me an old gopro he has and i was thinking of setting it up on my motorcycle and streaming from it as i ride around a bit around town at night if anyone wants to see
i just get nervous for no reason around stuff like that
i mean its literally an english exam so i should hope i do ok on that
but my dad is also making me take the history exam even though i probably wont need it and i actually have to study for that
tyty
perturbator
kek, i was gonna initially as if you're out on /nightwalk/ and listening to synthwave, but thought it's too cliche
setting it up on my motorcycle and streaming from it as i ride around a bit
that's quite and endeavour
might be a bit self-doxxing tho
almost home now so no more pics
post hand pic
its the best music for this time of night desu 
that's quite and endeavour
yeah im not really sure how to do it i just know its possible and i can probably figure it out if i really decide to do it
might be a bit self-doxxing tho
i just have to be careful i think, i'll be wearing a helmet anyway and i wouldnt show where i live or anything
its just an idea if it turns out to be too hard i'll just give up lol
if it turns out to be too hard i'll just give up
fail-safe approach lol
Repost, unoriginal, reported.
Get better baits unless you're trying to come up here and cuddle me, you pig mask wearing freak.
Aww are you scared? I don't fear you in the slightest. You're small and weak.
Got anything from the corner shop?
always
if you dont try you cant fail right
yehh almonds and a green red bull
im going to gouge your eyes out
You won't do shit. You'll be too frozen by how sweet I am and I'll make you weak. Oh wait, I already did that. We both know you're too scared to do anything.
You're a 5801. Simple as.
the best music for this time of night
I like Miami Nights 1984, Marvel83' and Lazerhawk
What are your favs?
Hello again creature, I am walking one of my cats.
ohhh i love miami nights
my favs are probably perturbator and gost from synthwave but my night time playlist is all over the place desu now that i look at it
im looking for you but you're hiding
when i find you im gonna cut your throat
i can smell you
omg so cute
i want a cat so bad but my dad wont let me
where would you even stream it? youtube or twitch?
dunno
does it really matter? which one would be better
no idea, thought you already got that figure out kek
probably youtube is stabler, but either should work
i'd be ok with just some catposter and her bike pics though
nah i literally came up with this a couple of hours ago when i was having breakfast/dinner
The only thing you can smell is the poop on your upper lip, turdwhore
Go to sleep, Shelly
when i was having breakfast/dinner
neuron activation time
idk what to call it it was at like 11 pm but i had just woken up so
le'ts call it breakdinner
you can have the trademark rights
A midnight snack, maybe...?
What I meant tho is that meal time is conducive to introspection and new ideas
Also poop time
ohh yeah definitely
i love this time of night, its 4 am here
my window is open and i can hear the trains passing by every now and then, because everything else is so quiet
and i can hear the trains passing by every now and then
ugh catposter, you're saying all the right words...
night and trains is ultimate peak comfy
daydreaming at night is the best
that feel of not being part of the world...
its so amazing
i dont even live close to the tracks, it must be 3-4km from me but i can hear them
when i was 16 me and some friends hopped on a train for fun but got caught really quickly and got in a lot of trouble
i really wanna do it again but im too scared to do it alone
theres something so romantic and exciting about traveling by train, i really dont know why but it makes me excited just thinking about it
even just walking along the train tracks is fun, especially out in the country when you sometimes see old train tracks that are no longer in use, its so fun to just imagine where they must have went
yup
its why i love the night so much
its so peaceful
i feel like the city is mine, like im alone and i stop caring about everything
its so nice to just disconnect
I don't live anything near train tracks sadly, but once i was visiting my brother in Amsterdam and he was living right by a city train station. 
It was night, very quiet, there were some lights slowly blinking on buildings and I could watch the city trains slowly arriving and departing....
Such a peaceful jazzy feeling, it was otherwordly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmFAJPArhqM [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpyqxX6JCTM [Embed]
ahhhh i feel like anything is possible
yup i really wonder why trains specifically have that effect on people, its definitely a thing and not just us
when you sometimes see old train tracks that are no longer in use, its so fun to just imagine where they must have went
those no-longer-in-use rusty train tracks are sure very nostalgia inducing. seems even a bit unreal that they had been actually in use at some point
seems even a bit unreal that they had been actually in use at some point
omg exactly
on the way to my grandmas village theres these tracks in the middle of nowhere and ever since i was a kid i always wondered where they went and why they were there
they just seem so out place
Do you watch train cabin vids on youtube? There are lots of channels from all other the world
https://youtu.be/6AaoxY4URVw?t=36 [Embed]
I'm off to sleep... nighty, A &lt;3
im a funny little creature thats gonna go in your pipes if you dont be careful
I was wondering what that disgusting smell is.
They go to other towns bro..
Pull up google maps look to nearest town in the direction they're heading, thats where the tracks go. In fact google maps might show you the tracks on its interface in the form of a trail.
You're not cute, you're unemployed. Get a personality and a job.
no i mean really REALLY old ones that havent been used in ages, theres no trains that use these
those specific ones near my grandmas house literally disappear into the dirt at some point and then reappear after a while, they're not maintained at all and are about 2km from where the current tracks are
okay
sorry
Do you like trains? I find them very interesting, train tracks and stuff. Only because I read Maitetsu desu.
In my town there were train tracks that were (poorly) removed, which created a shoddy trail. We happened to move into a house that connected to this trail on the property line, and you'd find remains of the tracks somewhat frequently while walking it. About 14 years ago they put work into the trail, elevating it from pothole ridden dirtbike trail to beautiful nature trail for walking. 
It..goes to other towns. As is quite the point of train tracks.
Please pipe me to isekai world little creature, there's nothing left for me here. Take me down the drain to another world where women aren't so curuel and nobody is disappointed in me.
