Are these the only choices most people have in life?
For me, I've sacrificed ages 15-23 (will probably add 2-6 more years onto that honestly) purely so that my life from age 30 and forward isn't objectively miserable. If pushing my face into a grindstone for over a decade is what's required for me to not be a pathetic loser broke ass bitch no money having ass no property owning no gf having no friend having incel, then so be it. I'll be making 6 figures by around age 27 or so and then the rest of my life will just be "hmm what do I feel like doing today?" because I'll be comfortably upper-middle class. 
Regardless, I'm growing a lot as a person in my early 20s. Really learning what it means to be a human and how interpersonal relationships, be they platonic or romantic, actually function. I'm gonna make it purely because I want it that bad. Don't know bout the rest of you faggots.
I'll be making 6 figures by around age 27 or so 
Do you have a plan to do this?
Upper middle class still has to show up to work. $100,000 is not rich. It's "i can buy all the small things i want, and if I lose my job, I have this much more time to find a new one" levels of money, not "i can do anything i want" money.
But suppose you do attain financial freedom to do whatever you want, what is it that you wish to do?
i'm focusing on bettering myself physically and artistically first, it's easier to ride the flow if you don't hate yourself
If you avoid buying those small things and invest, you can attain financial freedom relatively quickly (assuming the world economy doesn't collapse which it might)
t. makes 150k/yr and pretty comfy
Shame really, I'm physically attractive but being boring while also having a libido has literally ruined my life
Do you have a plan to do this?
Master's degree in pathologists' assistant. Guaranteed employment wherever I can find an open position. Ever-increasing demand and it's a highly skilled profession. I'll definitely get into the schools because my GPA is godly and I can fake a very pleasant personality in interviews. Cutting pieces of human for a living and analyzing their tissue it's literally perfect. I've loved dissections ever since they let me cut the squids and sharks in 5th grade as part of the gifted and talented classes. Just love anatomic pathology. 
 $100,000 is not rich
Lmao you're fucking joking. 50% of Americans make less than 32k per year and live in permanent debt. They live paycheck to paycheck and are one serious emergency away from disaster. You have zero fucking idea what you are talking about and it shows.
Whatever the fuck I want. Sit in my house smoking pot all day and cracking open cold beers. Cooking food at the local soup kitchen. Skiing, archery, guns, etc. I can do ANYTHING because I'm living on the "self-actualization" section of Maslow's Hierarchy of Memes while the plebeians struggle in the lower sections.
Do you want to be an artist?
it's easier to ride the flow if you don't hate yourself
Everything is easier when you don't hate yourself.
What is relatively quickly to you?
invest
That's a good idea and anyone making upper middle class money should be doing it, but how fast this returns is based on luck.
Why do you want a gf, just for sex?
That's a very unique and interesting niche. I hope you find fulfillment in it.
Lmao you're fucking joking. 50% of Americans make less than 32k per year and live in permanent debt. They live paycheck to paycheck and are one serious emergency away from disaster.
Life is not just poor and rich. It's a sliding scale of financial freedom. I never said $100k is poor.
Until you have to go in to your next shift at work.
