now i'm just an empty vessel floating on an endless sea
i used to sit and dream about our life together but now i just sit and stare blankly
what is even the point in anything if there's no light at the end of the tunnel
Yeah, that's how I felt after my ex left me. I don't know what I'll do now, but I guess I can figure something out. I'm sure you can do the same
anon takes pic from zomboid post
anon didnt ask to play zomboid
Get a new a better bf. I am available, you can stop dreaming about a life with your ex and start living a life with me.
Ignore this post if you're not a women
Heh, incels win again, never encounter such problems.
i can't imagine being with anyone else he was my everything
i can't even masturbate anymore because i always thought of him
i even tailored my cooking to get better at what he enjoys eating
everything reminds me of him
i feel so heavy and tired
when other people flirt with me i'm disgusted by them
you're like a graverobbing vulture
you'll never be a tenth of him
disconnected retard's remark but I'm guessing the breakup wasn't your fault if you loved him that much, he probably wasn't worth keeping around.
Yeah and Meaghan was my entire life and yet I am still here trying to bring her back with my entire life
maybe but i still loved him despite all his faults and possibly even because of some of them
i'm not perfect either i just thought i had found my matching puzzle piece
someone who connected deeply with me like nobody else ever had
i blame the distance
i hate governments and visas and borders and all of that evil stupid stupid nonsense why do so many shitty poojeets and niggers and beaners navigate it so easily or just ignore it but when you're a well behaved white person who wouldn't do anything wrong it's a stonewall
it was too long to be so far apart and only visiting
he made me such a better person
i'll never forget him
distance
ha.
haha.
HAHAHAHAHAHA.
ldr cucks get what they deserve
better than miserable crabs like you who will never know love
I feel the same way after I found out my crush was talking to someone else. Shit sucks. We'll get over together, anon!
shouldn't have cheated on him with chad then
oh well!
Absolute menhera behavior
why did he dump you?
Who was your crush? How'd you klnow?
Another anon posted about her here, and I put two and two together and figured out that she ghosted me to talk to him. 
I hate that she chose him over me. I hate that she ghosted me instead of telling me. I hate that I fell so hard for her when I wasn't supposed to. I'm just super frustrated about the fact that I can't do anything about it.
i never ever cheated on him even before we dated i wouldn't touch anybody else because i was his in my heart and even after i can't imagine touching anyone else
i had a crazy episode, begged him for more, and made really silly accusations but i wasn't in a normal state of mind at the time i had a minor medical emergency and now that i'm better i'm devastated with myself
if i just looked after myself more it might not have happened but all i wanted to do with all my time was dream about being with him
i'm looking after myself a lot more now that i don't waste as much time in bed in dreamland but i feel so empty and purposeless
i had a crazy episode, begged him for more, and made really silly accusations but i wasn't in a normal state of mind at the time i had a minor medical emergency
I understand how you feel. Man, relationships and love make us do weird things and act in weird ways...
but i feel so empty and purposeless
Still, I think the best thing to do to get him off your mind is to focus on life. Do you have any hobbies, anon? Do you go to school?
Clearest BPD ever
i have a job i don't know what a hobby is everyone has such a high bar for one
i've been talking to my friends more and my not-friends friends more but i just want him to come back to me
i don't care about my life without him he was why i did anything
thinking about needing the money so i could see him made me not hate working but now i'm working for nothing
how long did you see each other irl ?
a few weeks over two years
Well, you can use the money to buy yourself something nice!
i don't want any things if i can't have him
why even wear nice clothes when i don't want anybody to look at me?
what would i buy? useless junk i only have to clean? things to fill up my flat i don't want to live in? tickets to travel and experience stuff on my own?
i don't want any of that i would rather not work and just stare into space or listen to music to try and numb myself
all my stuff is just temporary it was only there to fill a role until i could be with him
the world isn't worth being in on your own but i don't want to share it with anyone else i've ever met
he put the colour into everything and made it magical
I'm sorry to hear that anon. I have trouble comforting you in such a situation, but just take your time. We can only hope that things will get better as time heals your wounds. I believe in you, anon.
This is the same I feel for meaghan i hope it gets better but ofcourse being a woman you'll never know true pain of being committed to someone
#!/bin/eng
you sure do invoke a response with cute avatar pic and your cute act.
You are a manipulator that likes to torment us robots.
You need to KILL yourself!!!
it isn't like i get a choice
implying an incel who can't get anyone would even have the opportunity to be unfaithful
i spent three years chasing him
i never wanted anybody else
if you like me then please don't
just tell him to give me another chance
i'd do almost anything for him if he would only tell me what he wants
i don't know what he ever saw in me
it isn't like i get a choice
That's what sucks the most. The other person can choose to leave whenever they like :( and there's nothing you can do but wait it out
Here, cuddle shark
Who was the girl if you don't mind me asking?
9 out of 10 times, the woman leaves. What did you do to him?
I dunno if I should link the thread, but I think it's pretty easy to find.
I'd be curious to know so I can see the patterns for myself, could you post it or some keywords please?
The guy who's posting the thread talks about how he misses her. I also posted in there a few times.
That's a bit vague anon.. could you help me a bit more?
The word "miss".
Maybe I'm stupid but there's too much noise about things like this already... I can't really piece it together, anon.
Search up "solace" then.
Ahh, I see. I've seen these threads on the front page lately but they're a bit vague. I didn't know they were around a common person that you were also involved with. Was it one of the loli thread lurkers?
Are you the same femanon who got dumped after 7 years because you wanted to get married?
Yeah. How did you know? Were you there for those threads?
Yes. I was a frequent lurker and poster. But even then, I can't put my finger on who it is that captivated you. After all weren't all the femanons into the other femanons?
where are you from?
How many times did you suck his dick and how many times did he cum inside you? how many gallons of cum have u swallowed in total?
Can I talk to you on Discord? I'd rather tell the details there.
I don't really use it, which is why I guess I'm out of the loop. I thought there was the OP poster and Texas-chan who were shipped together, but both were more interested in girls than anyone else. Then there was other regular posters, but it sounds like a friend clique emerged?
Yeah, that's the gist of it I guess.
Was it OP or Texas that held your heart, Mio poster?
where are you and where is he located?
hey don't vanish now, I've been lurking i'm invested
It was Texas-chan.
I feel like I'm being unfair to her by complaining like this, considering all the stuff I've done. I should probably stop.
Sorry, I'm playing piano to distract myself. Just trying not to think of her anymore.
I wasn't even aware their contacts were posted at all. It's not unfair to let your heart feelings out. You're respectful about it at least, as well. And judging I suppose by the other person, it seems that it wasn't to be, no? Neither they nor you were able to keep them.
I mostly just feel jealousy for the other person; they were able to get closer to her than I ever was. I think I set myself up for failure on that front; it was pretty natural that she'd become interested in someone else after how I acted toward her. I guess I deserved to be ghosted by her.
Ghosting is pretty harsh. You tried, you didn't win this time, but you learned and now you can improve on yourself and do better next time. The person you feel a bit of jealousy over didn't win either, so isn't that telling that it wasn't meant to be with him, you, or many others? The impression I always got is that she wanted another girl, anyway.
What're you playing on the piano?
Something else I feel is that I'll never be able to meet a girl like that again.
She left for a different reason. I think maybe she'll be back one day. I wonder if I want to talk to her again? Maybe the feelings won't be as strong by then. Can we be friends without me falling for her again? Does she even want to talk to me?
I'm learning this slowly by ear. Very stupid way to learn piano, let me tell you. Horribly inefficient.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4gjy6u1zIE [Embed]
You'll meet a lot of different people in the walks of life. You'll never meet the same person again, but you'll meet others who are interesting in their own ways. Your tastes and desires will evolve. The wheel turns.
It's hard to control your feelings and not fall for someone who is mesmerizing and captivating. Trying to pace yourself and not lovebomb people and thus scare them away is one of the harder lessons to learn. But you seem to be earnest in wanting to do better, so I'm sure that you can.
Cute song. Do you have a background in music to be able to learn things by ear?
Yes. Most of the time it's just sitting there for hours autistically figuring out every single note and memorizing it. My theory is not very good.
It's hard to control your feelings and not fall for someone who is mesmerizing and captivating. Trying to pace yourself and not lovebomb people and thus scare them away is one of the harder lessons to learn. But you seem to be earnest in wanting to do better, so I'm sure that you can.
I think I still have much to learn. I gotta go outside, date more girls, fall in love a few more times and go through some breakups.
Unfortunately, that's exactly how it is. You need to trip up a few times and scrape your knees before you're ready to run the marathon. You'll do better and be a better person for the next wonderful person who comes along. Stay positive and determined. You'll get there. It takes time, but time is all we really have, no?
It's impressive that you can break down bar by bar and mimic it. Though I never studied music so it comes off as an arcane art.
It's impressive that you can break down bar by bar and mimic it. Though I never studied music so it comes off as an arcane art.
The tradeoff is that I'm terrible at reading sheet music, which I should probably be practicing if I ever want to become a proper pianist. I do it as a hobby though; I don't know how I'd feel about piano if I ever went serious with it.
