Hello Anons, so I want to rope...
I was initially gonna gun or helium but gun is out of the picture, I have the money but can't still legally get it and don't think I will be able to for reasons, helium is still in the bag but like idk how I'm gonna explain a huge helium tank since I am always surrounded by people so idk what I will say when they ask why I have a helium tank, ofc I could lie but I prevent any risk at all
So from cutting or hanging which is less painful? If anyone recommends pill which ones and dosage? what about chocking myself with a belt? Personally leaning towards cutting at this point
If anyone has any other methods please recommend
Also does anyone have any like ways to mentally do it, I have like casually at times been like I could do it rn and yk played around with a knife before or sped up quite a bit in a car but never actually did it so this will likely be my first and hopefully last serious attempt
Hello, I am a psychic. There are a lot of people on /r9k/ who killed themselves and are eager to offer their advice.
hey brother, i know how you feel I truly do
at the absolute end with nowhere to go
fight for your life
I know you probably don't want to hear it but please think of your family, I'm sure there's at least one person's life you'll ruin.
Why are you faggots doing this shit? He isnt asking for the please. He wants to die so let him.
Very well then Psychic I will entertain your request, so what is the advice of my fellow robots?
Thanks for the support but I can't anymore, I've lost, some is my fault, some (probably most but I'll be humble rn) isn't but there isn't a future in which I will be happy, some people aren't destined for having a fulfilling life, I'm one of them
Hopefully tho you have a great life!
My family basically admitted to hating me, they didn't think I was listening but I overhear many of their conversations, at the very worst my sister is slightly sad, I don't really have friends maybe a few acquaintances but they'll forget within a month tops
you should livestream yourself taking a big risk. something like image related except not such a hassle to do, something you can do from in your home. either you have a fun experience or you die
The charcoal method was popular for a bit or the exit bag
When I say helium I am referring to exit bag, thx for the charcoal rec altho not sure how would I execute it, I could use a gas stove most likely when no-one is home but don't wanna blow up the whole block lol
I don't think you should do it. I have to believe in the intrinsic value of all humans, or else I can't believe I have any. Then I'd have to die, too, and that scares me. Don't scare me, anon.
mostly "reee," "normie stay out," and "it's over"
sounds like they're in h_ll
Well you dont have any value especially if you are on this board. You are an outcast for a reason. Why do you think incels populate this board? Because no one cares about them just like no one cares about you, nigger.
LMAO
just pump helium into your butthole bro. but not too fast
Noo, you have value, I do agree that all humans have value, it's just that we our value changes throughout our life, I have 0 value rn and it'll never go up so there's no point
Yea I agree incels, ig I'm a ropecel now, don't have much values, there's a reason why we're lonely sacks of shit anyways but I wouldn't say everyone on this board is useless
let me dream eh, I need some motivation
who me? yea I'm in fucking hell rn, I didn't mean to come off as a bitch tho
as someone who has spent lots of time on self harm forums i have heard many a times that cutting is not a very reliable death method ya know unless you fucking cut your head off of stab yourself in the throat or something extremely extreme but it can take a long time to bleed out which is very painful and miserable and terrible migraine forever and someone will probably find you before its too late
My strategy is to lock my doors and cut myself at around 11pm and that should be enough time hopefully, I don't think anyone will be up by that time in my house, as long as it's not too painful it's fine, I kinda like a tiny bit of pain, as for being miserable, I haven't had a single day in years w/o being miserable, idc anymore, but thx for telling me this, makes me wanna do helium more
why don't you stick around just in case something interesting happens
I kinda do wanna stick around for stuff like that you know, there's quite a few shows and animes that I wanna watch, now that I finally have all that money that I saved up to get a gun for, I can finally in my life actually buy something that I want (my parents didn't really allow me to buy stuff apart from like chips or drinks under $3 for almost all of my life) I have no idea what I would want to buy (maybe a bunch of plushies like the loser I am) but ig I could buy something
It's just that I'm suffering real bad rn and I am just a sensitive loser but like I can't take this anymore, I just fucking can't
If you want to die, you can if you take enough SSRIs to induce serotonin syndrome on top of the OD. I would know I almost died this was (was in a coma for 10 days and on life support, only reason I lived was someone called an ambulance) but I also want to add that I am extremely grateful my attempt failed. There are so many things in my life I would have missed out on. I wouldnt have gotten to meet my cats, my new friends I made, I wouldnt have gotten to see how my favorite shows ended or listen to a new album from my favorite artist. I know you probably heard it a million times, but it will get better. Even if you cant accept that right now. I mean I never thought it would get better thats why I tried to kill myself lol. Wishing you the best, anon.
Many such cases
What SSRIs did you take? I have lots of samples of latuda. How many do you think I should take before I can die?
how old are you? you sound like a very young person... you probably still have a lot of time to improve your life.
What can't you take? if it's your current environment then you have the ability to change that. you could buy a plane ticket. anything to radically change your environment and perspective. If things end up turning sour, if you get mugged or lost or whatever, even then it's not as bad as nonexistence. You can enjoy nonexistence later.
I'm not gonna tell you to not kill yourself. There's no perfect line of logic out there that can dismantle your reasoning if you really want to do it. But consider trying to change things, anything.
Some time ago Sodium Nitrite was high in the suicide meta. It's the option I'd go with, because it's highly accessible (where I live at least), painless, cheap, highly lethal, and won't leave you as a vegetable in case you fail. You would also need to buy beforehand some antiemetics to not throw up. I believe the lethal dose for me was 50g, unless you're a landwhale this should be enough. Just drink the antiemetics a hour earlier, mix SN with water in a bottle, close your nose and drink it all up. Wait for 10 minutes and you should pass out. Unless you're found in 1 hour or 2, I think you should be dead. Happy ending! &lt;3
this is so retarded OP or anybody please if youre gonna try to die yourself dont try to OD you will probably fail
Why are all these normie Faggots like you on this board? Suicide is the best solution. I hope to have the balls soon just like this anon who is doing it.
Don't know how I will get access to SSRIs but thank you for the tip in case I do I will be sure to use them too. I don't mind missing out on stuff it it means my shit existence ends, I probably won't really get anything significant done anyways
I used to be like them when I was just a normie depressive but I feel like it isn't like something significant happens that you truly understand how hopeless it is, assuming that it's actually hopeless for one, I do think it's really nice and sweet of them though, I really do appreciate it
19 but like no real relationships, no contacts, no passions, no skills or abilities, ridiculous amount of mental illnesses, just a bad situation overall, I do not have the physical/mental ability to improve my life. I think before I was under the false pretext that I was capable of doing something which is why all of my attempts were extremely casual almost games, but I think now that I have realized myself for what I truly am and basically lost all motivation to do anything, I think I will take this attempt extremely seriously
come on now, I can't just buy a plane ticket to a random place although that seems appealing, I could probably run away to another nearby place and try to get by off whatever little money I have until I get a job and I think that realistically that's probably the only way which I will live an okay life (I do have $5500 in debt so I have no idea what I will do about that) now this plan assumes I get a job which idk if that will happen as my only experience is this part-time job. I can't change much and if I tried there's a high chance I'd just be homeless
I will research this, it seems appealing tho just based of initial browsing tho, thank you
That's my biggest fear with OD'ing too, the low kill rate, it does seem like quite a beautiful death though, I've been obsessing meticulously over tiny details of my sewerslide
Previous thing hit character limit, I think they're just tryna help desu, I do agree fear is what is keeping me back, I was 14 the first time I really wanted to end it although honestly I was always like mentally ill since forever idk. When I was 16 I said I would end it before 17 but I didn't because all I would do is cry then I actually took it seriously and finally started researching methods but nothing happened, then when I was 17 I said I will never became a loser adult and those super casual attempts occurred, just you know going super fast in a car at like a wall but slowing down at the last second, stuff like that, forget 18 I'm somehow 19 rn lmao, but idk I just feel different now, there was always a part of me that wanted to live but that part is finally gone, it's the most liberating feeling of my life, idk if this is for everyone but if it is then you will feel a sense of freedom when that does happen to you. I've given myself the deadline of July 15th, I should be dead by then, I've given myself a few months to catch up on a few stuff that I find entertaining mostly, also really want to do a pact with someone but don't know where to find anyone, sorry for that rant I just thought you'd understand as a fellow depressive
hopefully we could solve our problems in a normal way but ig not, enjoy what time you have left as much as you can, I'll try to but idk how much I can ha ha
Cool, I want to hear updates on your journey. Maybe it will give me confidence to go through with mine after yours
Oh no, now I can't pull a coward move lol, want my discord? Again I can't promise that I will hit this deadline, after all I've failed like 50% of the stuff in my list but I will try my best to make sure I am dead, if you want to pact we can try, especially if we live in relative proximity, i really don't wanna die alone
Yeah sure. I still got cold feet but it would help.
Bruhinator#5524
burner so that randos don't contact me, I'll give you my main on this
why not. if you're dying anyways then why not
uh I don't want to go to a random place and like randomly try to get housing and a job and stuff like that, I barely have the motivation to get outta bed
you have the motivation to fucking kill yourself lol surely you can get the motivation to go to a random place. You're gonna have to go to a random place to kill yourself anyways.
It's reverse psychology. These sociopath normalfag "moralfags" tell you not to kill yourself when in reality they really want you to. They are scum. They are demonic.
pls pls pls livestream and post the link here pls
mate i did not even say he should not kill himself. I did not say it was morally wrong to kill yourself. I'm just saying you should try some stuff before you go out because you won't get another chance to. If he doesn't want to do stuff 99% of the population can't do because they have the specter of a future over their head then by all means go ahead.
OP is 19 and has not experienced shit for life yet and wants to off themselves. Personally I am supportive because he is clearly just a crying faggot that isn't going to follow through.
drink some eye drops, make sure they have tetrahydrozoline in them
I'm genuinely glad you are suicidal, keep it up!
Prozac 40mg, like half the bottle. Sorry I cant be more specific I dont have any clear memories of that day really.
