Were you bullied in your school days, anon?
Mostly by latinos, yes.
Yes, because I am a foreigner. I beat them up in exchange.
That woman got shit on in the original thread, but i guess it was just trolling
Abusive men is a genetic benefit. pink pillers always act shocked and blackpilled about men but open their legs for them
"but but he wasn't like that at first"
yeah yeah we've heard it all before.
yeah, for my name (im a foreigner, i get people to call me the closest english name they can so its easy) but every person who made fun of me i made fun of them back (either for family issues or stuff like that, if they're an ass i will be too). then they just stopped
i also got "picked on" for being fat, but it was mostly banter and i never got offended, ik im fat and i gotta change it but most jokes are funny
A bit, yes, because I was the fat kid. But mostly only in the middle school or whatever it is called in your country. Later it didn't happen much and I had few friends or other kids I talked to and ignored the rest.
yeah, for my glasses, for being sensitive to noise, and just generally for being quiet and weird.
yes i was bullied in school a bit, had drinks poured over my head, stuff thrown at me, pushed into walls, kicked, had my chair kicked in school, stuff stolen from me when i wasnt looking, made fun off for literally everything. 
mainly just cause i was quiet and weird too
School was fine for me until one day teacher accidently called me "David" and for some reason people thought it was hilarious and everyone started calling me it. I tried to push back but the more I pushed back the more people started to use it. Eventually everybody in school would say it under their breaths when I walked past them. It eventually made me stop going to school for a couple of years. I eventually went back and finished with all Cs but I could have gone to university if not for that. I know it a dumb thing to get upset about but the way they said it made me cringe so hard and seethe with rage, My life would be so much different for the better if not for that one event.
Light bullying that was kind of deserved, because I was being an obnoxious, autistic cunt. Things like people imitating me, making jokes at my expense, asking me if I'm retarded/gay/ass burgers/whatever (which I took 100% seriously due to autism to their amusement), being told to do things that would get me in trouble (which I would do 100% of the time), etc. Never anything physical. Otherwise, I was mostly ignored.
And you did nothing? lol 
No wonder why you are such a bitch today.
I used to get picked on for my oversized ears. I didn't really care until someone grabbed me and tried to stretch both of my ears and threw me to the floor and beat me up when I tried to stop him. He sat next to me in maths class and continuously threatened me for that whole year. Sucked but he calmed down for the next couple years and left me alone so fuck knows what changed his mind about me.
no i did i fought a couple of times, all that happened is that i got in trouble for fighting back and it would keep happening lol
Yeah. I've a lazy eye, so people think I'm a retard.
haha whats up david
That woman got shit on in the original thread
lol the woman is right. its just her natural reaction
1st rule all men should know is not to open up to women
might have been called a retard behind my back but nobody liked getting into open conflict with me. in middle school and junior high i was a typical delinquent dumbass, somewhat accepted among the guys because i'd do funny shit. i was also kind of a retard so i wasn't really anyones friend, not after school ended anyway.
do normies really think that bullying can hurt someone?
Is it that hard to just repress your memories? I remember maybe five things from school.
eh
I got bullied a bit but I was also starting a lot of shit, I remember I used to beat up girls a lot and then guys would gang up on me
I don't think about it all all so it doesn't matter, I forgot almost all of it
when I think of my childhood it often meshes with movies and books and such so I don't even remember how much of my memories are real anymore
Latino or some Asian minority ?
I was the class retard, as a result led to a lot of exclusion, name-calling, mockery and physical violence.
I'm now 28 and resent my former behaviour. All that collective abuse has taken a mental toll to the point where I've become a pariah.
I do drugs, mostly opiates to prevent my day of suicide.
specifically what I remember is that there was this girl that once wanted to make fun of me, I was fat and she rolled up her shirt to show me her tummy to make fun of my fat stomach, so I punched her and she just rolled in and started crying really hard, it got me very excited
my parents even had to come to school because of it
from there on I would just yell at her that I will punch her belly and start chasing her as she was running around school crying and screaming, I found it very arousing although I was too young to get hard or anything, and then other guys in school would chase after me. So it was sort of double sided bullying but also a game, if they caught me before I cought her they'd just like hold me down for a bit, but if I beat her up before they caught me then they'd eventually start a fight with me, and often beat me up since there were more of them, but sometimes the bigger guys would just be busy playing ball so I could have my 1 on 1 hunt with the girl and sometimes only the smaller and weaker guys would chase me and I'd win in the end, sometimes the girl would just ran away and I wouldn't be able to find her at all and the whole thing would just end before the break ended.
There were obviously lots of insults thrown both ways where everyone would insult me and I'd insult them back.
i wasn't really anyones friend, not after school ended anyway.
So much this, everyone dropped me like lead weight as soon as it ended; even people who I would have thought as friend.
Even when I went looking for them in social media, they all left me on read.
That was 10 years ago.
Horribly bullied by blacks when I moved to a new state. Then I got bullied by Muslims and whites in middle school after that. Now I am just angry in public all the time in my 20s and have zero desire for friendship or socializing with anyone. I would have just preferred being left alone and ostracized then being bullied and teased every single day.
I was the bully. It was nice while it lasted, I guess now that school is over Im the loser.
Remember, never ever show any weakness to a woman. They only know "Man must be strong protector" in the core of their ape brains. Anything that breaks that concept will immediately send them into panic mode.
Women are literal animals, how could they disregard their supposed mate like that?
What minority ?
it's another reddit psyop thread
Yes I was and one of those fucks got a nice rock the size of two fist to the gut. Another later on got a text book to the face. I wish I had half the balls my younger self had back then. Fuck school violence was the only answer.
Yeah.
Got bullied in my first year of secondary school by a guy who would later become my friend after I stood up to him
Was bullied throughout secondary school by various bullies who would come and go after that
Was also picked on by two thots who would spank my ass, try to get me to do lewd things and jiggle my belly (was a fat kid)
what is the biological purpose of bullying
also i like that no adults give a shit that bullying still exists in schools lmao, its like they want it to happen
No i was actually the bully and i had other bullies working under me and other bullies working under them.
We had a sort of mafia thing going on and we would collect money from nerds and make them get more money by forcing them to pretend to be homeless children begging for money,cutting lawns araund their neightbourhood for money and giving us the profits etc. and then they would bring it all to me and i would keep half and pay people according to their rank and contributions as well as promoting new bosses and demoting useless bosses that werent bringing us any money.
Was told it would be funny if I killed my self, head smashed into a brick wall, had a knife pulled on my once, got spit on, insulted, tripped in the halls, etc.
These two black girls used to harass me by saying hi and talking to me all the time because they knew I was shy and didn't like talking to people. Does that count?
Cringe larp, kys tranny
Odd psyop, what would they seek to gain?
what is the biological purpose of bullying
Imposes a group hierarchy, when you find yourself frequently bullied across a large range of people, then you are most likely the Omega.
was a shy effeminate looking boy in high school
even had a gender neutral name
this one guy would constantly call me gay and make fun of me
years later I check out on his social media he came out as gay
gets tons of support
Took every fiber in my being to fight the urge to just go off on him but I knew it wouldn't accomplish shit and people would think I'M the asshole
Anyways as far as OP's pic, that's just how women are, people call her horrible but having a bf who was bullied is a turnoff for them, she wouldn't mind if he was the bully though
Took every fiber in my being to fight the urge to just go off on him but I knew it wouldn't accomplish shit and people would think I'M the asshole
Should have just posted "lmao who's the faggot now"
Legit like one of my top five fuck buddies in my life was prone boning the shit out of a girl that used to bully me back in school. Hate fucks are ultra degen fuel
Not really. Just overlooked and ignored.
mostly by whites, yes
Yeah and then everyone would act like I'm a horrible homophobe, plus that shit was years ago, I don't really care that much anymore
Exactly why bother? I refuse to let the people that mistreated me take one more single second of my time.
I was the Bully
Everyone liked me
I messed with other bullies
Girls would come hang out with me from other classes
It was a good time, eventually I stopped Messing with the good kids and would only bully the assholes
I used to pick on this one ugly skinny kid with long hair all the time even though we were sort of friends. Saw him on FB a while back and discovered he trooned out. Felt bad.
once, then i stood up and the bully stopped talking.
i was already over 6 feet tall by 9th grade. never was bullied in grade 1-8 because i was homeschooled until highschool.
Same, wtf
is on r9k
ok schizo
he probably thinks about ur cock 24/7 you should have killed him
Indian. I was the only in my school. Just terrorist jokes or Muslims hating me for no reason besides listening to their parents on how evil indians are.
Literally monkey brain dominance hierarchy. If you study primate behavior the strong posture for mates and they chase out and attack the weak.
As well she should have
If you consider having your self-esteem killed at an early age &amp; never thriving thanks to bullying, yeah
Dude, at least you recognize it. You can't change the past but you can realize that those assholes can't hurt you anymore. they probably don't even remember it or if they do, probably feel remorse.
women are fucking disgusting holy shit lmao.
Also, No. I wasn't bullied but I was pretty much ignored and never taken seriously. I was the weird loser of the class
Hit him up and choke him during sex. pound his tight bussy senseless
No but I would lie and tell my parents I was so they would let me stay home and play Halo 2 on my xbox all day.
that rules, what a sick move
I was a fat, flatulent loner who got good grades and kept his nose in a book. As you might expect, elementary school was a bad time for the first little while. 
Happened to switch schools around when Americans apparently usually switch to "middle school", at which point things got somewhat better because I consciously put a ton of effort into being liked for being funny and generous with homework help.
This was great medium-term and long-term profoundly damaged my ability to maintain friendships and feel deserving of any kind of affection, because I feel this profound urge to make my excuses and flee any social situation where I'm not actively being entertaining or somehow making myself useful.
In nature the omegas would group up and gang kill the alphas
nature for thee not for me!!!!
