Robots, do you agree with this statement?
Is this really how the average man sees women?
Not a man but this is 100% true about how men think. They want women to be effortlessly beautiful and perfect and get viscerally angry when we arent.
i would gladly love a chubby brown woman with fuzzy legs
Materialism and shallowness are prisons, wake up anons
People here like to act as if men would have impossibly low standards, yet they keep complaining about women not being pure and not fitting their perfect image of a woman. So yeah I'd say so, if only for this board.
no lol. stopped reading pretty quickly.
maybe arabs and indians do
literally the only feature robots care about is sexual purity. the fact that the majority of women can't fulfill this one thing says a lot about the state of women
in other words they want good genetics blablabla. thats literally it. also they want youth. young girls are more likely to be blonde. young girls are also more likely to be hairless.
Just dont be fat or a whore.
Yes it is
I'm not female but I hate straight men for this
give me comfy mannish dykes please
based and same, fuzzy legs are the best
Not wanting a whore is a low standard,
so what you're saying is that all men are pedophiles
to a certain extent yes, actually
Kind of, sort but also no. Some men tolerate more ''fakeness'' than others. Some screech even about make up, others are fine with that. Others even like those plastic bimbo porn stars.
No, this is just female cope for why Chad won't settle down with them.
Well I'd argue that if everybody on this board was attractive they'd have sex every day of the week. Let's not act like the majority of people aren't perverts.
i think that men are attracted to little girls in the scarcity of teenaged and adult women because they have almost all of the characteristics of post pubertal women. ideally they would probably prefer a post pubertal woman who naturally has fine light body hair and smooth skin. im a girl in my teens now and when i was a little kid i had a lot of men that you wouldnt think were pedophiles try to start sexual relationships with me.
Men and women aren't the same. You're either female or a testosterone deficient brainlet
shallow ones, sure.
i prefer women without makeup and such vanities.
hygiene and toiletry are expected, of course.
What's the logic here ? Men get to fuck anyone they want and be considered chads but women are whores if they do it ?
Disgusting 
No way
Yes, just like men get shamed for being virgins meanwhile women aren't.
This is the shallow person's creed for everything, not just women. They want to play make-believe 24/7 and pretend life is something that it isn't and their relationships aren't transactional and people "love" you for existing. They lose their shit when the veil is lifted and act like they've been personally wronged.
Society, its standards, everything that doesn't involve throwing spears at our prey for food is bullshit we craft as we develop ideals of how things should be.
Human beauty is a social construct, hunter-gatherer tribes have yet to hold any beauty pageants (probably because you can't tell the women apart). The ideal of human beauty forms from cultural experiences during adolescence. What you see around you and what others influence you to know as "beauty". If you were in the forest, the skankiest, most dirt-caked, calloused butt would be the hottest thing in the universe to you.
This is falsely exaggerated by a bitter radfem roastie when we ask for only virgin non obese women.
(you) aren't yet you want men to simp for you as if you were
I guess that's true enough, even though I feel like men shame each other more about that than women do. Anyway I agree that women have higher standards in general, but men on this sub can be more than a bit hypocritical.
Are we being raided by crystal cafe? You could have ended it after the first three words. I don't give a rats ass about body hair or make up or anything.
For the most part it's true. Beauty comes from within and is effortless. Your outward appearance is just an expression of the goodness within. That's why men hate fat women, tattooed, dyed hair, and piercings so much. These women are ugly on the inside and go to great lengths to make sure they are equally revolting to the eyes.
Beauty is natural and most of the time anything a woman tries to add only betrays her ugly nature by putting it in the spotlight. Don't be fat, don't be a slut, wear normal clothes that women are supposed to wear. That's basically all men are asking for.
even then most girls that have a lot of orbiters are ugly, they just arent fat. its a very low bar.
holy shit. i've never thought about it this way. i fucking hate being a man.
My gf is beautiful without doing any of the things in the OP image. Women are deranged about what men think of them. That being said, my gf isn't white, and I've noticed that white girls need a lot of artificial gunk to look even kind of attractive
Well, time to sing the Star-Spangled Banner
Sure, but the woman I fell for right now is stinky and has hairy legs, but by God, is the cute.
this shit was written by a woman and is completely retarded
It's just lacking any kind of selfawareness, She believes that the preferential treatment she gets when she spends hour grooming herself is something she's entitled just by existing
Men all want a subservient dumb 20 year old but most of them can't get that. What they really want is a fangirl to pump up their ego. If you can flatter them and act dumber than them and never have any needs of your own, looks aren't important, but they will still cheat on you with someone hot if they have the slightest opportunity, no matter how good looking you are. They are trash.
You are a retard. All of the data we have points directly to women being dramatically more picky than men when it comes to sex/relationships. Eg speed dating stats, online dating data, books like Dataclysm. Idiots like you who want to act like both sides are equal in this dilemma are totally full of shit. If I had to guess youre probably a woman because only women disregard reality and actual data like this so that they can keep on with their fantasy of oppression. Actually fuck off and stop filling my board with your retardation.
Imagine if they swapped lives with the average incel for a week.
That is so fucking unreal that after all that shit they still have to complain about men having high standards. Like I have trouble taking any women's issue seriously just because of how prevalent "men don't want me" is. Like it's not even comparable as easy mode. You can literally just stand outside and some dude will come and try to date you.
Here's what I wrote, read retard :
Cringe and extremely reddit. Anime girls can be literally anything, and there are people who like hairy anime girls, anime girls that bleach their hair, poop, have periods, have an intentionally weird face, have a penis, people's preferences have a ton of variation. Sure most people prefer girls with a 10/10 face, but the vast majority doesn't have a single uniform opinion on stupid details like what makeup or skincare they use to achieve that 10/10 face.
you prefer a BEAUTIFUL woman without makeup. most men claim they prefer no makeup then jack off and worship caked whores
Looks don't matter that much to me. I don't care if a girl shaves or wears make up. What I want is someone I can connect with on an emotional level who won't try to make my life a living hell.
Speaking from experience?
tough shit lol
I only jerk off to chubby amateurs and most of the time they don't wear make up and if they do, it's very minimal.
And? Doesn't mean I can't find frumpy chicks cute. I don't even care if you're overweight as long as you aren't my 300lb life or a whore.
All porn chicks look like caked up bimbos. I don't ever see my type in porn but since I'm a male and I have the standards of a naturally born opportunist evolved to deposit seed wherever available that doesn't bother me in the slightest.
not at all
i want a woman who loves Jesus Christ, which seems unfortunately rare these days
will you be my dominatrix misandrist gf? pretty please?
Don't believe that however her previous relationships were she did even ONE of the things she has said except maybe being a cringy flatterer but that's on her and probably worked against her more than anything
However I do believe that she was cheat on and that she fully deserved it
Men will date anything, there are not any femcels.
holy fucking shit geometry dash reference verified by riot
I never asked for this
The same could be said about foids that want a guy that is effortlessly attractive, intelligent, charismatic, wealthy, well established in his career etc.
 Foids find effort so very unattractive, despite what they may say
not just men but most first world/western societies as a whole 
Chad puts them up to it, since hes covered in hoes the only way a woman can stand out in a way that will get chads attention but not incels is to bimbo max.
idk I'm a dude and that seems a little weird and unrealistic. And I'm a racist.
The incorrect thoughts in the OP pic are the result of homos running the fashion and modeling industry. Only when they are run by straight men can it restore the unity of man and woman.
I was asked what my standards to date are, and I said she could be ugly, old, fat, disabled, mean or bad personality, a criminal history, literally anything wrong or bad, just so long as she was a virgin. That was my one and only standard, and they responded to me with a straight face in an optimistic way, that I should lower my standards.
You're just butthurt because it's true:)
Aw, thanks doll, I've already got a man, but you're sweet. &lt;3 xoxo
fangirl to pump up their ego
yup of course that's true there's nothing wrong with affirmation
that's not true now your based opinion sounds like you got widowed by chad.
Men are just so dumb that they can see a woman with a full face of "natural" makeup and think she's barefaced. That's what they mean when they say they want a girl who looks good without makeup. They want a woman who takes two hours putting on makeup so that she can look like she's not wearing any (to dumb guys)
more women should start calling men "doll" that shit is so hot. my ex called me her boytoy constantly and it made me feel so wanted and loved.
Men want zero responsibility and a lapdog to bolster their fragile egos. Then when their partner does everything to please them and be subservient they get angry and cheat. Men hate themselves and no woman can cure that. It's different from affirmation. It's like a sex-based mental illness they have.
That's cute. I hope you find a nice girl to dominate you. ;)
How does men being picky even make sense from a biological standpoint? We're made to practically throw shit at the wall and go with whatever sticks. We don't fucking pick, we get picked. I don't know what I have to say to convince you that we genuinely don't care about looks nearly as much as you think. You can't keep a man because you're a shitty person
Now tell me that it isn't projection and that it totally happened to you without crying
Checked and I think it's true. I think all humans are shallow and want the pretty people's attention so much -- they'll do anything to get it and have it. So humanity spends most of it's caloric energy trying to be pretty or high status enough for sex and then lives in some post-orgasm embarrassment in old age.
she would look good without make up if she slept more and stopped drinking taking drugs
This is true. It's just fertility. Sex is about making babies first, humans ignore that. We want to make babies quickly, who will look cute and get attention and be raised properly. Young girls do that.
18-25 year olds are minors now? That's the prime "youth" age where the sexual organs are full developed and on display, meaning it's time to make babies.
Yes i have decided aswell mental illness is a male only experience. why do foids pretend to be sad and attempt suicide for attention when they could be here typing moid blackpill on a board made for virgins like you're doing.
Best post ITT
I just want to be with a woman who loves and respects me, and whom I am able to support and make happy. So long as there is a basic degree of mutual sexual attraction, I don't care all that much. 
A little bit of acne? Who cares. Hairy armpits and pubic hair? It's preferred. Hairy legs in the winter? Softer for me to enjoy. Messy, unkempt hair? I dream of it.
The average man? I dunno.
If looks aren't important to you, why are you posting a pic of a 20 year old model then, I don't get it. I don't think looks are as important as OP posits, I think what men want is someone to prop up their ego. Either with youth and looks or unconditional admiration and listening doe-eyed while they "explain things." And also be a virgin that can't compare them sexually with any other man.
It's every man, not just the ones I sleep with. I accept it, it's just how they are. If you're a hetero woman you have to accept that all men are trash to varying degrees or get blindsided by it
Oh, a lesbian. Hope that you get raped by a hideous tranny. Probably you voted for it and all
Actually really young women are more likely to miscarry. Men just like younger women because they have less life experience and firmer tits and are easier to bamboozle with their high-sounding b.s. like, "you seem like an old soul."
I looked up "make up vs no make up" and saved the first image.
Holy shit, men want someone to admire them without comparing or demeaning them? I want someone with intact pairbonding abilities so they're capable of the same love I'd feel for them. Really rocket science here.
I wish I was, because men are terrible.
I literally jerk off to chubby (some arguably fat) women. Half the time it's girls simply stripping, shaking, or squeezing their boobs. I don't get off to caked up whores, and I think most dudes actually prefer amateur shit.
this image awakens the suicidal urges
Chad pumped and dunped you and you are here complaining to virgins and celibates. Classic.
You can be. There's no lesbian gene. You just don't want to endure dating a woman
Where did this come from?
No, not really. I mean smooth skin is nice and it would definitely be nicer if what we saw wasn't so artificial but instead just how they genuinely were but hair color doesn't matter too much and as long as you're not as plastic as a barbie doll or wearing makeup thick enough that it may as well be a mask then it's fine.
I'm an older millennial and am lucky enough that my wife and I are HS sweethearts (based rural wisconsin life), but I'm pretty sure all these things are possible for women to do.
Virginal blondes
Yeah, the only requirement here is to be blonde and not have sex, that isn't hard at all.
Word about peroxide
I'm not sure why this matters, what does peroxide do for women? 
Women already do this though? My wife always says its estrogen that keeps her soft, its natural. She isn't a girly girl and grew up on a cattle farm, she's always enjoyed being outside and gardening, so maybe being active and getting vitamin D is important for this? As for smooth legs, even if women don't shave, their leg hairs are way softer than men's, and if she has blonde hair they're hardly visible. 
The rest is just nonsense. From reading that passage, am I safe to assume it was written by a non-white female living in a western country? It reads like just seething that the men she lusted after only wanted white women.
Women wouldn't be having sex if this were true. Male Standards for women is on the floor.
What women want is near constant validation and reassurance. Both of us are flawed and need to build/help each other out, not tear one another apart.
Ew
All men love to "teach" a woman they think is dumber than them. Ask a man how to change a tire or any other dumb thing within their purview and they'll go on for hours. It's their favorite thing.
But everyone likes this. Men also like this if you have something interesting to share. I think the problem here is that you're not an interesting person and have nothing to share, so somehow you believe this to be some sort of male fault.
Sounds like something a woman wrote. Men don't think about women like that despite all the macho speak.
Men like to date down in terms of intelligence. Women like to date up.
Contrary to the women who are definitely known for how quiet they are.
This isn't an exclusive thing to women though. Men love teaching shit to others in general. I feel (I could be wrong) you are taking it too personally, it's just a guy thing. I will admit it's probably ego driven, but you're making an enemy when there isn't one.
Why do you always assume the worst in everyone? This isn't normal behavior at all 
You must be a nightmare to talk to
doesn't make up fuck up your skin and complexion?
What's the problem here again? If women are seeking smarter men and men are seeking less intelligent women, they are looking for each other.
most men who go outside do actually have these standards. the reason why internet trolls say "just dont be fat" is because they have never actually been around women for more than 5 minutes. given the opportunity, even they will start having unrealistic standards. also most women are gross.
Yeah, except men like this and get angry if the situation is reversed Haha you really think this. Because men are like this you think women are too. If a woman tries to explain something a man is ignorant about, even in a non-threatening way, it triggers them and they feel talked down to. They see it as an affront to their masculinity. That's why men prefer less intelligent women.
Iq and sexual success is inversely proportional
sexual success has nothing to do with what women are seeking.
Incredible.
I'm starting to see a patron on why men dislike to talk with you
That's not true, but I can definitely see some men being ducks about it. Your conclusion as to why men seek dumb women is wrong though. Women usually want someone who is better and it would be a waste of time for him to chase the smart one. Even if we say it isn't for the sake of argument, that doesn't matter. At the end of the day he will believe it and act accordingly. It's pretty normal for people not to try and date x person because they believe they aren't good enough for them. Even the other person does indeed like them, they have very a hard time accepting it.
So you would feel happy continually learning about things from a woman you're dating and listen attentively while she explains things you know nothing about
She is a BPD roastoid who got pumped and dumped by chad. Now she is deeply frustrated and leashing out against incels.
Why wouldn't I want to learn from the woman I have feelings for?
You picture her being dumber than you thought and unconditionally admiring, and that's why you "love" her.
What's a BPD roastoid? Can you explain it to me
Robots, do you agree with this statement?
Lmao no.
No. This is probably close to many men's idealized fantasy but despite the grouching of women on the subject men are keenly aware that real women are as disgusting as they are (if not more so, albeit in different ways) and go to great pains with makeup and grooming to project transient beauty and for the most part men do not really care if this ideal is not met because it's only a minor component of the main issue (and diminishes somewhat as a relationship deepens and partners age), which is both a two-way street and pretty simple: making an effort to please your partner. For women this could take the form of taking pains with one's appearance before going out in public or getting better at domestic tasks or even taking on some extra labor to give her man some free time to go do a hobby and for a man this could take the form of cooking and running a bath for her before she gets home from a bad day at work or consistently hitting the gym to stay in shape for her or sacrificing down time to do maintenance on the house or car or whatever.
Point is, you're making an effort to make your partner happy in ways that are only obliquely at best related to sexual gratification and men and women are pleased by different things. A man might really have his heart lifted by having a woman who turns heads on his arm at a social function while a woman's heart might flutter while her man is toiling shirtless in the heat to make her a greenhouse.
Of course, the internet has fucked a lot of this so good luck to everyone I guess. Women can sleep around with the cream of the crop without incurring any stigma while many males have essentially given up on competing in any other arena after seeing their sexual competition. As such, women cry about everything other than sex while men say "why bother at all for a whore?" and spend their time on cooming and funko pops and shit.
Yeah? How is that supposed to be a bad thing?
Help me understand this. You'd rather just stay ignorant than have someone who loves you and is passionate about something explain it to you? I'd fall in love with a girl if she had a sperg monologue about whatever.
This isn't a proper answer to my question and just rage bait. Why you do this, I'm not sure but I hope the rest of your day is better.
Men don't expect perfection from women, we want a certain threshold of beauty that indicates to us subconsciously you can bare healthy children and HUMILITY about your flaws. 
Sluts with high body counts never have trouble getting guys despite not being ideal do you know why, real whores are humble and penitent to their men about their flaws.
WRONG! women do this to improve the image thirf parties have of them
I'm starting to feel this whole thread is a psyop. Like a bunch of redditors from inceltears or some shit had an idea to reverse the roles to make us realize how stupid these baseless generalizations are. I'll be honest it's working. I don't even want a girlfriend if they're going to be like this.
Because men need to feel superior to all women they find attractive or they wig out.
Yes, that's the point. But in this case it's not a selfish motivation, it's to make her partner look better. Did you not read the rest of the post?
Tell me it's not true and I'll believe you.
That's the part where you're wrong. Think of women as if they're running a 24/7 PR campaign
They may tell you that they groom themselves for you. That's bullshit they groom themselves to maximize halo effect
Unattractive women are just as fertile as attractive women
If you have a pussy you can get a man no matter how ugly you are.
Please tell me about this girls beautiful natural blonde hair,smooth skin etc. she is litterally perfection.
A 10/10 Stacy.
How can the average women even hope to compete?
Its so hard getting a husband as a woman sigh...
Nta but sexhavers like dumb girls so they can fuck them and leave easier. I'd much rather date a girl who can keep up with my autism monologues. I love chatty girls.
You are not a man you don't know a the first thing about how men think you dumb bitch
No men don't think like that at all. There is natural beauty and there is constructed beauty. Men can easily tell the difference. When you shave your legs and put on heavy makeup, men see that as you signaling you are an easy lay. The women that are naturally beautiful are the women men actually want to marry. It sounds like that was written by a whore who wants to propagate the idea that there is no natural beauty because it lets her feel good about being a whore/lying about her body count. Something like "I put on makeup to be pretty for you so it is okay if I lie to you about my body count as well" sort of logic.
Why do need a humble penitent woman that sounds gross. Just proving my point that men need to feel superior to all women or they get pissed.
So basically you want a woman who will patiently listen while you explain things about your special interests
What's wrong with that? I'd do the same for her.
Any women are the women actually marry.
As long as it has a pussy and it actually wants to get married it will.
Men will put a ring on ANYTHING that gives them a chance even if its a 2 headed demon.
Every "femcel" has a football stadium of men lining up BEGGING on their knees for her attention and she just reject all of them because "she deserves better"
Sorry bro, I'm not trying to attack you, you're the nicest guy in this thread. You just keep replying so I'm caught in a loop of defending my "argument." God bless, have a lovely day my friend.
You forgot to mention that it is also projection, because while men don't care if women perfectly live up to the standard of beauty laid out in the image, most modern women absolutely do not accept a man not living up to the masculine ideal in any way. This is why you get so many stories of women becoming unattracted to their boyfriends if they get injured, cry, express any sort of insecurity at any time, etc. This is also why men just aren't interested in dating anymore. It's like having a tiger mom but she doesn't actually love you and instead of doing it so you can have a better life, she is doing it at your expense so she can look better to her friends. Believe it or not being an Asian highschool student isn't all that fun.
You are a dumb cunt for saying this.
I really hope you are 5 foot 4 or something. there's a few short men your height that you can feel equal to that's what you want right.
Or would you feel happier if strong masculine men cut their legs of to match your height and equal mind.
This need to feel superior to all women is a mental illness specific to men, however.
I'm have no Procrustean fetish, no. :)
Lmao.
Hoeflation is real.
Or he could be a fat fetishist.
Robots want sexually pure women because they can best relate to a person who has no sexual (implying romantic) experience like themselves.
you keep trying to make this argument but you always get destroyed when people bring up actual statistics
They never get destroyed because they dont believe in this in the first place.
They are just saying this to make incels angry while pretending to just be trying to help/that they are the real victim so they dont get called out and its working.
Shouldn't have seduced them if you didn't want it, you little tramp.
Woman is the inferior sex
Average guy with no game sure most guys see girls as talking fuckholes
i want pussy
endofsentence
Eh, I dunno about that. I think the issue is that the internet meat market has allowed women to keep up those ridiculous standards whereas in the past they'd be snapped out of it in HS if not earlier. When there's a finite number of "chads" and their sexual history is much less opaque, women can't get away with what they get away with today and they're well aware of that and end up settling.
Bitch I hope she knows something I don't I don't want a retarded slut as a partner, contrary to what you think. No it's not because you were a smart lisa simpson type bitch that no one fucked you its because you were
1 a tranny
2 ugly
3 too far up your ass
You WILL NEVER, EVER BE A REAL WOMAN YOU FUCKING AXE WOUND FREAK
Gross
I think that is pretty much what I'm saying. It isn't Chads though, because even Chads don't live up to these standards. They're basically like overgrown little girls who still see their daddy as an invincible Greek god and that is what they compare all men to. I wonder if the actual cause of this lack of maturity is actually just a lack of hearing men's perspectives, since they have no fathers and men's opinions are dismissed and ignored culturally? So men remain to them as these sort of mystical creatures and their only interaction with them is getting fucked by Chads (which is where the myth of men only wanting sex comes from).
I think that is pretty much what I'm saying. It isn't Chads though, because even Chads don't live up to these standards.
Physically they do, though, and that's the point. Because there's no stigma to sleeping around, women can basically ALWAYS get laid by men they find attractive whenever they want. By the time they emotionally mature enough to want to be valued for more than their holes, they're already well into "lmao no" territory as far as serious relationships with (I hate to use this roastoid term but it fits) those same high-value males that they've been sleeping around with. They have no idea what they want in a partner or a relationship apart from the physical aspect because they've been (literally) fucking around through the latter portion of their formative years and so they quickly settle with some desperate sucker and the relationship is garbage and they're both unhappy.
They're basically like overgrown little girls who still see their daddy as an invincible Greek god and that is what they compare all men to.
Disagree. Many of them have horrible relationships with their fathers.
I wonder if the actual cause of this lack of maturity is actually just a lack of hearing men's perspectives, since they have no fathers and men's opinions are dismissed and ignored culturally?
It comes from stunted emotional growth due to a prolonging of latter childhood vis a vis stigma-free casual sex on tap.
So men remain to them as these sort of mystical creatures
More like subhumans, unfortunately. They're either uncaring studs who only want them for their bodies or easily manipulated creeps who also only want them for their bodies but which they can slip a leash on.
And simps, which is just as bad because they come to believe that men will do anything for a crumb of pussy no matter how you treat them otherwise.
No, that's how an average women thinks she needs to be seen.
Except all of those anime girls are still designed to be beautiful in every other aspect. Those qualities are only added to distract you from the fact that you're still being sold a fantasy.
The most retarded take I've seen all day.
This is how boomers think. The new generation just wants women who will make them feel emotionally secure regardless of looks. That's why the average millennial couple is an overweight woman and a onions guy.
originaldor
I don't want this. It isn't worth all the shit I would have to put up with to get this and keep this for myself.
You are clearly an idiot and no girls want you
We want you to not be a useless insufferable whore.
Okay next question.
