I miss you terribly
I can't stop seeing your smile in my head
It's hard to believe that I might not hear from you ever again
Please come back Solace
I think about you everyday
I want to know that you're doing okay
Seeing these posts is like rubbing salt into the wound at this point. I should stop...
if they left u on read they aint worth worryin about
Did you ever video call with her?
She didn't leave me on read
I just want her back
Yes
When I first saw her it felt surreal
I've never spoken to anyone so pretty
God I miss her
Did she actually look like Saya?
Yes
Same body type and even short height
She didn't like it though since it made her look younger than her age
Which is true because she didn't look her age at all
Do you know why she left?
Hello!! Please do not post about me.
about me.
Prove that you're her
Sure. How do you want me to do it? I'm not quite sure who are...
Critique of pure reason by Emmanuel Kant
Yes, I've read that book. But it's not ringing a bell, sorry!! I've discussed that book with a few people so I'm still at a loss as to who you are.
Rough draft hair vents
Rough draft angel
We drew together
How have you been doing Sol?
Okay I understand now!! Here you go, one proof just for you. Long time no see, haha.
Wtf 
Fuck off my thread bud
Where have you been
I missed you so much
Please tell me you're back now
Hello!! I've been doing a bit better than how I was before. How about yourself?
Be nice!!
I've just been busy and dealing with a few things. Most have been dealt with but some just don't go away!! You know what I mean.
Please tell me you're back now
If you're asking me if I've made a new discord then no. I also don't have the intention to make one, at least not any time soon. Sorry!!
I've been doing pretty well lately. Just trying to enjoy my break. What made you come back to 4chan?
I don't want to keep making these threads
Weirdos keep coming in here to shit talk
I just want you back
How can I stay in touch with you
That's good! I finished my finals this week so I'm barely starting mine. I never truly left 4chinz or r9k. I just left my social media accounts behind. Being anon and posting is great!!
What? How many have you made? Please don't make threads like this about me. It's strange and unhealthy. And I have no form of staying in touch with you, sorry.
Anon posting is a little boring for me desu, I will continue to avatarfag :D
I'm super nervous about next semester, since because of academic issues... yeah I just feel rather pathetic academically. How did your exams go?
Hey Sol, can I stay in contact with you through email, or would you rather not have any connections?
I'm pretty tired so I'm going to sleep now, so I'm just gonna drop my email here: >mioposter0430@mail.com
Don't stay up too late Sol :/
You've posted in a few of my anon threads before actually, it's kind of funny.
They were pretty easy for the most part. I wasn't well rested for them though. But I did good so I'm happy. It's too bad that you had a rough time with your academics though. But there's always next semester!! And I rather not have any connections but if you insist I'll make a throwaway email. Just give me time to set it up.
I've made a few
I was just trying to find solace(heh) in finding you again 
Search Solace in the archives
The bozo in this thread seems to have a mouth on him
If you're handing out your email add me too
Removedmyself@outlook.com
I care about you so much
Like you wouldn't believe
I'll cut your name into my arm even bigger than last time if that's what it takes to prove it
what do i have to do do to make guys like me as much as girls like her? i'm so jealous
Let me know when you've added me
I got a bunch of emails and idk which is you
Please please add me
I will send you money if you do
Depends
Are you cute? 
Are you caring and comforting like she is? 
Are you interesting? 
Why SHOULD guys be obsessed over you?
Sorry it took a while. I told you not to cut your arm for me anymore, I don't like it and I never asked you to do it. And keep your money dummy. My email is the one that says soothingsolace. Don't make these threads anymore please!!!
Are you cute? 
no
Are you caring and comforting like she is? 
can you explain, in what ways is she caring and comforting? i'd like to learn
Are you interesting? 
and same with this, what do you vonsider interesting?
I won't be able to email you until my phone charges
So tomorrow
I won't make these threads anymore as long as you don't leave me again
So are we going to start dating or what?
no
Oof
Off to a bad start
can you explain, in what ways is she caring and comforting? i'd like to learn
It's hard to explain
I never feel judged by her
She is understanding
She hears me out and offers advice when I ask for it
Most girls do not do that or they get put off by it and then leave
It's really hard to explain but she's really good at it
and same with this, what do you vonsider interesting?
What are your hobbies?
Solace has hobbies
She makes art, likes playing baseball/softball, reads books, both fiction and non-fiction and writes
She's able to hold conversations and it doesn't feel one sided
And that's just from the top of my head
Right now you seem generic to me
From your typing style to your images
So what makes you stand out?
Can you email me too if I post my email?
So are we going to start dating or what?
No. I've told you a bunch of times that I'm not seeking to date people online or a LDR with anyone. I'm very flattered but it's not what I'm interested in doing and I don't want you to feel led on. If those are your intentions behind seeking to contact me again then I'm letting you right now that the answer is no. 
Do we know each other??
We don't know each other but we can get to know each other
I'm sorry, I'm not looking to form anymore connections with people online. I hope you understand!!
I'm just kidding don't worry
But you'll turn around with time
I can feel it
off to a bad start
such is life when you lose the genetic lottery
what are your hobbies
all i really enjoy is plying vidya. thanks for the suggestions though. i'm too lazy to become interesting i guess, i don't want to join a sport or hang out with many people irl, and i'm not into reading. well if i ever decide to try to become more wanted ill possibly use those suggestions. 
right now you seem generic to me
i suppose i am. i've never really stoop out or been someone a guy would obsess over. well thank you for the advice, maybe if i can eventually stop being depressed i'll be able to become a cool girl like that.
I'll cut your name into my arm even bigger than last time
the absolute state
I will not!! I'm not joking either, I'm being serious about my stance on this. That being said, no promises that I'll be super active in emailing back and forth with you. I do still want to more time for myself and for irl things rather than things on a screen. Plus the other things that we talked about before. I'll be going to bed now, goodnight!!
We will see then
Good night
such is life when you lose the genetic lottery
Such is life indeed
Do you at least have a nice body? 
ill possibly use those suggestions.
You can but you can also just stick to things that interest you
I think just being able to hold a good conversation would be more than enough for most anons
thank you for the advice, maybe if i can eventually stop being depressed i'll be able to become a cool girl like that.
Anytime
Good luck fembot
As someone in an obsessive emotionally dependent co dependant friendship with someone... it's not happening anon. They'll give you a pity date or two and realize you're way too psychotic for them even if you change and try to be the perfect person. You can never truly hide the crazy and they'll accept it but they won't return your affections. It cuts even deeper knowing there was once the potential for something great. Please find someone who can match you and not someone who just pities you, please don't become like me.
Not OP but of you read the thread you would see that you're way off the mark. There's no pity. That girl has stated clearly that it's never gonna happen lmfao OP is just not taking no for an answer
You should share it with me too.
Please. You seem nice.
Get ahold of yourself man
who is solace pls i wanna know
Im just so lonely anon.
Dont know you but Ill like you.
What kinda vidya?
