What I hate more than women is the men who defend them. I have been in so many bloody fistfights with other men that were ultimately started by women that it is absolutely fucking ridiculous. People need to stop white knighting all the damn time.
lets go boys we got this
another one for the thread, in due course.
it really do be that way though in all seriousness
what women really are like. quite disgusting
Groomer cope post
Honestly if you are mentally disturbed enough by blackpills to subscribe to that guy you might as well just do it already. You have nothing to lose at that point.
the simps and cucks will cope how they need to cope
they will sneed and seethecope and mald dilatecope when confronted with the grotesque reality of women, but they need to touch grass.
aggressive manlets deserve to be called out for their height so they know their fucking place. problem?
it is not possible to sneedcope mald or simpdilate your way out reality. simple as.
Has no one made any blackpill comics in the past decade? Feels like I've been seeing these same comics over and over again.
there is nothing new under the sun and no reason to make new comics. women just repeat the same behavior over and over again
Then dont be surprised when said manlets try to kill you. Kikes like you deserve to get slashed in the street
And dumb whores like you deserve to be shot in the fucking head. What gives?
Women need a good beating. Just because they have rights doesn't mean they're equal. The female ego needs to be constrained, and violence and rape are the vices that worked for thousands of years.
when ypu realize ypu gain nothing with a north american whore you are free
look past the sexual aspect that you are tortured with
they do not bring peace or joy
the reality of the world
If anything, things have gotten worse and the blackpill has spread to the mainsteam. I'm just surprised that no one else has stepped up and updated them.
glowie fedposting by women trying to defame incels
kek the sight's funny to see. Dark triad little gremlins patrolling the streets with tactical larp gear and guns that their tiny little hands can barely hold and get a grip on. No one'll take them seriously and all it'll take is for one guy to punt the chihuahuas.
Sorry but your fantasy's never happening little guy.
Take your meds. The government does not have nearly as much power as you think it does. Nobody has the energy to watch 300 million people all day every day. Stop treating the government like they are god.
who makes these comcs, id like to read them, theyre like stonetoss but less retarded
blah blah blah woman turdwhore retard insect vermin
he went by "Eurasian Tiger" was a hapacel who no longer makes them. they're years old by now.
ultimate empathy from this gender
You should really try it. Go antagonize someone irl. I want to see you on the news, nigger.
Need more of these threads.
why are foids so fucking bitchy, this has to be staged, she actually snaps his fingers at him like a dog and expects help?????
snapping her fingers how entitled. she should have whined for help how is he supposed to know she's in distress.
I get beat up by men a lot
fucking women
bruh why is the cock outside the window so funny to me
While I wish I was born taller and better looking, it is ultimately the shallow nature of women that makes myself and others care about these things. If you aren't desired by women people treat you like you are less than them. I'm not even mad about it anymore, just tired.
yeah the comics are pretty good
All men are the same. They deserve the hate.
Eurasian Tiger
Nta, but...
Holy fucking shit, Tenda Spencer made these comics?
its been years since these were first made and shattered the wall between blackpill and redpill. Some of these were exaggerations but ended up being tame by today's standards. 
none of them have been disproven btw
imagine being this king
yes, yes he did make them.
ywn have a bpd latina girl scream at you in spanish and then beg to be fucked roughly for hours
This is pretty common, mainly because of the multiple videos of girls filming themselves on gyms with evil MEN gazing at their direction and eye raping them. Which is now they try to avoid all contact with girls, even when they may seem to need help, just to avoid getting into trouble when they are filming.
i will advocate for the devil(women) here and say this particular vid taken out of context compared to other gym videos. the guy she's snapping at and trying to get attention from is her BF, he cant hear her because he has his headphones on though. 
but there are plenty of gym whore videos and stories.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0c9tKlDa4Nw [Embed]
FUCK. MEN. ALWAYS.
What. A. GIGACHAD.
YES men are rising up.
Considering she is a chink, she would have just produced hapa incel kids. Hope she gets raped and murdered in the wild like the foid she is.
If dude on the right in your pic bulked up he'd unironically look good. His face only looks skinny and gaunt because he's so underweight
This. I'd rather some dumb slut get snapped ego-lifting, than help her and get called a creep on her TikTok or some bs. These foids are tumors to male goers.
Is that the fucking rv from breaking bad
I don't necessarily hate women because of the ones in my family, but there's so many discrepancies to how men and women are treated by society. 
How come whenever there's evidence suggesting that men get it significantly worse or that they have their own unique issues it's just brushed under the rug and we're told "Ugh, you don't have to make it about who has it harder all the time."
We're told that modern men are inherently broken biologically and we cannot possibly fit into modern society, there's never self reflection on what everybody else is doing wrong or even granted a sociological reason for it. Everyone just claims that it's solely up to individual responsibility.
The reality is that the world is not kind to men, but we have to pretend this isn't an issue because the 1% of them hold all the power. Women reward terrible behaviors and perpetuate the culture that negatively affects men but simultaneously blame the patriarchy; feminism only benefits women. We just have to sit and take it with no recourse. 
Men will continue to fall and no one will care. In the end it's all our fault somehow, just because we dared to exist without asking for it.
Woman has a woman moment, burns all bridges with all her meaningful connections and goes out to fuck anything roughly male shaped and die early due to poor life choices
How the fuck is this a "fuck men" message? Unless we're supposed to take it literally.
the beatings will continue until the morale improves
that blind guy has to be the most patient well humored man in exitence, i would have called her an inbred whore and to crawl bad into her mothers putrid anus.
Horrible terrible cringe made by a literal autist
Nobody has the energy to watch 300 million people all day every day. Stop treating the government like they are god.
Did you every hear the tragedy of Ed Snowden the wise?
