what is the most depressing media of all time? something that could actually give someone depression
Confessions of a Mask was kino
Watching slice of life anime when you've never really had friends or cool social experiences with others. Not that I'd know anything about that ahahaha.
oyasumi punpun probably
Aku no Hana
Never related to anyone more than Nakamura.
just fuck up your life then it all is
remainder of the day 
the road 
metro 2033
An Elephant Sitting Still (2018)
Director killed himself cause (im assuming) he realized the futility of it all.
berserk, wolfs rain, hotarubi no mori e
Jed McKenna's Spiritual Trilogy
gaylord fagtron flamboyant melodramatic jap buttboy faggot
Industrial Society and its Future was pretty depressing to me because despite what Ted says it's obvious that there's nothing that can be done.
Also Programmed to Kill.
No longer human (the book)
No Longer Human (Dazai) -- supposed to be depressing but I just found it bizarre. The book is about someone who claims to have no internal sense of self and therefore becomes extremely sensitive to the whims of other humans, which leads him to put too much pressure on himself and turn away from everything. Pretty familiar dynamic for robots i think but the prose is so detached I had a hard time getting depressed.
Goodnight Punpun -- I read 2/3rds of this recently and got so depressed I stopped eating for two days. Most of the depression was from the protaganist's internal thoughts so closely matching mine, and then realizing that as miserable and pathetic as he is he still gets to have relations with women which I do not. Highly recommended depression kino. I will finish it eventually.
The Road by Cormac McCarthy -- pretty depressing but it's inevitably about existing in spite of horrific adversity. Could go either way.
It's Such a Beautiful Day -- more relatable but like The Road has a hopeful message in the end but could go either way depending on your interpretation. Would highly highly recommend.
Bojack Horseman -- has moments where it's depression kino but the show is dragged down so much by reddit-tier jokes and progressive propaganda. I also think it gets some parts of human nature wrong and unfairly treats its characters. I really liked it the first time around but I think I just wanted the show to be something it's not.
The Metamorphosis (Kafka) -- very short read and accurately captures how horrific and absurd it feels to be trapped inside depression. You can read it in a day.
Crime and Punishment (Dostoevsky) -- If you like russian ramblings about a guy torturing himself on his own internal thoughts about morality then this is the book for you. Inevitably it's Christian propaganda though. Apparently other dostoevsky books like The Idiot and Notes from Underground are better depression kino but I haven't read them yet.
kek you haven't seen shit yet
The Henteria series of games has given people actual depression by the amount of heavy ntr and how real it is.
i wouldn't call bojack horseman a great show but i really liked when  everything he did during the earlier seasons caught up with him and everyone of his friends except mr peanutbutter distanced themselves from him.  he had his reasons for doing things that were often some shade of grey morally but objectively was a piece of shit move.
real life historical pieces of shit with plot armor. like Mengele or Marquis de Sade.
Unironically evangelion. Every single time I watched that show when I wasn't depressed I got hit with 2-3 months of depression followed by half a year / a year of strong growth in every area.
On the flipside, every time I watched it while I was depressed, I got better much quicker than normal. Very kino.
aw jesus christ man i was hoping it would get better or at least plateau. Of course a series like that can't have an unequivocally good ending but if it had something like Bojack's ending I would be satisfied.
I felt like this movie was made for white women. Was much more sad than depressing imo. Felt like the romance was pretty forced and there wasn't much to take from it except "things happen". Still wouldn't not recommend it for someone looking for a sad-ish movie.
underrated depression kino. why read about depression when you are the depression.
I love bojack as a character. His arc is by far the best part of the show and the way all his pathologies come together to not only explain his bad actions but also the actions he does to attempt to redeem himself is masterful. It also nails the inherent contradiction within people about how they want to do good things and not be depressed but can't due to the dynamics of being human. And the ending is close to perfect. 
However I can't stand the jokes and the ideology pushing and some of the characters. Todd in particular is insufferable and spits in the face of the themes of bojack's arc.
The series is so bimodal in terms of literary quality that I swear two different minds made it separately and they pieced it together afterwards. I so very dearly wish it was better. It was so close.
Forgot to add one: L'Etranger by Albert Camus. My review is similar to No Longer Human's. Also pretty short I read it in a single all-nighter. Detached prose might just be a symptom of translated works desu.
same. 
my impression is that people finish it for the arcs but people stop watching because of the jokes. it had its moments but it also tries way too hard to push its agenda or be ridiculous. like i hated the reporters as characters but loved their place in the plot when they followed the trail of destruction bojack left behind.
Daisy's depression to those unfortunate enough to see it. It's a snuff film with a toddler as it's victim.
Concrete the movie if you're able to find it. It's the story of Junko Furuta's life.
Metamorphosis the manga if you idk want some real shit to mix with your porn.
My existence if people count as media at this point.
i dunno but watch daily lives of high school boys when you're done being depressed. shit has me in stiches, depression doesn't return until there aren't more episodes left.
Texhnolyze
originally
I strongly recommend you finish punpun. the last third is my favorite part and the reason why its my fav manga
Watamote, but only if you've had a simimilar friendless childhood so that it brings up all the bad memories of your lonely childhood.
Dear Zachary
You mean Daisy's destruction?
Lilya 4-ever
I dunno if it'd give someone depression but it was one of the few books I've put down and went "Damn..." Sadly Mishima's other books aren't as great in comparison.
Threads (1984)
Shoah (1985)
Grave of the Fireflies
Requiem for a Dream
Leaving Las Vegas
Oldboy
Salo 120 Days of Sodom
I will for sure finish. I only stopped because I was reading it in the middle of my finals week and reading it was interfering with my work.
all title fight albums
songs of love and hate by leonard cohen
The Smiths 1984 album
welcome to the nhk anime, light novel, manga
all emil cioran books
the book of disquiet by fernando pessoa
le feu follet by louis malle
the poetry of georg trakl
Curtains by john frusciante
Oyasumi Punpun
and probably the most depressing media i've ever comsumed would be diary of a country priest by robert bresson, the most hopeless piece of art ever.
You should read it while listening to Deathconciousness or anything by Dan Barrett
I've seen all but Punpun is leagues ahead of the others in terms of likelihood to make you actually depressed. I've read CP, TBK, the notes from underground, Dostos work is uplifting
haibane renmei is comfy but always makes me depressed
fox news
Not surprising, but disappointing...
Whoops, I was dozing off as I was typing. Anyway yes.
It's some real bad shit.
Same, except it's Kasuga for me. I wish I had a Nakamura friend to vandalize classrooms with...
lol
only /r9k/ and adjacents are going to have any western media about embracing life sucking and being unfair. all other westoid copes that addresses it will fault the individual for their life sucking 100 percent or leave a glimmer of hope that things can get better
Read the book Stoner by John Williams. It's about the life and death of a man who accomplishes nothing in life, a farmboy who falls in love with literature and pursues his dreams of becoming an English professor, and it leads to nothing. As his life goes further and further downhill, he retreats into stoic solitude for comfort. Extremely depressing, made me reconsider my entire life after reading it. 10/10 book.
