Victorian fantasy 
blade runner cyberpunk 
Which do u prefer 
And why
cyberpunk is too depressing
Both of these scare me
it's just reality tho
I'm beyond tired of "cyberpunk". It was a product of its time - a glimpse into a possible dystopia future designed around provoking and exploring future anxieties of people in the 80s ( Increasing income inequality, Rise in corporatism, Japanese economic fear for example )
People now lpok back and just think
WOW! Cool neon lights and Weeb shit! EPIC!
it makes me sick
Something like psychopass is much more accurate to a modern cyberpunk setting than the blithe ( ironically corproatized ) common aesthetic
Victorian. Cute girls wearing poofy ballgowns
This is the future whether or not u like it
I'd prefer a new one. What about ottoman crudepunk?
Somehow I like the Dredd cyberpunk.
Make that Assyrian Bronzepunk
Cyberpunk is suicide inducing
I can't imagine Victorian fantasy being anything other than steampunk cringe and we basically live in a cyberpunk dystopia without any of the cool shit.
Praetorian Civilpunk
Prussian Electropunk
Athenian or Pagan Greenpunk
Victorian is a bit too late/recent for my taste and cyber punk is too dystopian.
Egyptian Medipunk? Or do the punks have to be forms of power generation?
Cyberpunk literally exists irl in cities like Mumbai and Cairo, it's just not romanticized for some reason. People look at Tokyo as the closest IRL example, but they're so far off the mark, Tokyo is too developed and clean.
Pic related is more what I want from cyberpunk. I'd kill for a crime noir set in like, 2030s Egypt going through peak oil where Cairo is on the verge of collapse and being controlled by organized crime syndicates.
If the physics is central to the society, Minoan Hydro or Halopunk might work. Maybe an Chinese or Indian one. Ancient China structuring a society around gunpowder explosions seems like it might mesh with the firelances. Call it Jin gunpunk
Speculative fiction around the vikings could be fun given the business of war for them.
Holy retard. cyberpunk doesn't mean dense shithole with a call centre.
Victorian fantasy because it isnt done all that often and the 19th century is where arts and architecture peaked, not only in the west but world wide. But also have some heavy synthesizers on the sound track.
