What is your current and future location, anon? I'm a Texan and I dream of moving to Minnesota.
Minnesota
Isn't that place like the second or first meth capital in the country? It's like all the northern boarder states from Ohio to north Dakota all have insane meth addicts because there is fuck all to do there and no jobs
Isn't that place like the second or first meth capital in the country?
Consistently rated as one of the best states in the USA despite not having a grossly high cost of living like New York and Washington. Also "X locations has lots of druggies!!!" is a fucking nonsense psyop used to dissuade boomers from moving to the state because they think the "community is tainted". You know what states have lots of meth users? All of them. I really don't give a fuck what drugs people in the 20 mile radius are getting fucked up on. So long as crime rates aren't outrageous then I don't care.
missouri, probably washington or maybe switzerland if i get lucky
Georgia (the state). Ideally I would like to live in West Virginia or somewhere in Appalachia. Maybe somewhere like Wyoming/Montana/Idaho because I liked my trip out there.
Looks like I'm in the middle of the world.
Which state would you live in within this hypothetical alt reality
I'm in the loneliest corner, guess where
Czech
I'm OP and I'm actually half Czech as an American. Is it based over there? Where do you want to move to? 
All those states are berry nice if you appreciate nature and aren't a city slicker. How do you plan to escape Georgia and obtain American citizenship?
Lmao wtf is this bullshit? Everything in the middle would just be extra Great Plains. Maine would be my choice.
Hm, north of Russia?
Washington state. I'm hoping to move to main after college
All those states are berry nice if you appreciate nature and aren't a city slicker. How do you plan to escape Georgia and obtain American citizenship?
bruh
Czech
No, Austria.
It's boring but nice countryside.
Oh shit lol I was thinking about Georgia the country for some reason. Sorry I've been taking shots of gin since like 11AM. I've known a couple blacks from Georgia and they were cool. I imagine it's not the worst state in the South. I hear Savannah is a very beautiful city.
Austria
Do you people count as Slavs or are you Germanic?
I live in the middle of the empty side of the planet
You a kiwi? My parasitology professor spent like 2 years in New Zealand during her doctorate studies and she said it was pretty cool besides the fact that you all talk funny. Her stories of you not using central heating/cooling inspired me to almost never use my AC unless it's ridiculously cold or hot. I spend like $25 on my electric bill per month because of it. She said during the winter everyone in her house would be sitting around in sleeping bags. 
NZ seems like a cool place to visit but I don't know if I'd ever live there unless my job was paying me well. Such an isolated and insignificant place.
They count as special :)
No, it's german speaking and like southern germany.
have been stuck in Nevada for a while and cant really see that changing 
A state with more mild weather would be nice, or a little on the cold side. I really dislike the everyday 45c to 50c temperature in the summer time here
I'm in Texas too. Saving to move to SE Asia or South America or whatever will be cheap by the time I saved enough.
im the main character
Minnesota is full of trannies fuck that state
Mostly germanic but I think closer to the eastern borders, past vienna, there is a little more of a mix. Genetic maps show some. Historically the borders have been all over the place like how modern Poland owns a bunch of German cities. The german sprachraum has lots of dialects which can even be unintelligible to each other in pronunciation, way more variation than anything in english. Standard german speakers cant really understand austrian but people from southern germany (like bavaria) might be able to. They all know standard german though and its what they use to write.
I too am a Texan. Will probably stay here unless it goes to shit. Maybe I'll move to Florida, Wyoming, or the Oklahoma panhandle.
Fellow desert person. Nevada is a decent state but pretty ugly unless you're far north or in the mountains. And even our mountains aren't the nicest in the west.
If politics and cost of living weren't an issue I wouldn't mind somewhere like Oregon or Colorado but for now I'll just stick to this hot hell
Washington wouldn't be so shit, if not for Seattle. Seattle is Portland/L.A./N.Y.C. tier mega city shithole. It makes the cost of living super high, and stupid laws, that are over reaching. I hope you enjoy it, because everyone I've known who has lived in Washington, has wanted to kill themselves while living there.
The nature is amaizng, though. What appeals to you about Washington?
I love Michigan I just never want to leave
Dat Detroit deep dish pizza really do be hittin' though...
everything in the middle would just be extra great plains
Are you missing the giant fucking lake bigger than the great lakes
Not even close. You're thinking of shitholes like Idaho
Well said
fuck all to do
no jobs
We have the 2nd highest quality of life and the 16th highest GDP per capita. Idiot.
What appeals to you about Washington?
I'm only here because I'm living with my parents finishing community college
BUT... the scenery is quite nice and the weather is great. I also do like visiting Seattle too. Seattle hipster shit is a guilty pleasure of mine
Born in NY, dying in NY
Dreaming of moving to Minnesota 
Who the hell would dream of that
t. Minnesotan
in a few days I'll be back home from school in Colorado
it's not a bad state desu, I might stay, I think I have the long term plan of Hawaii though
Connecticut. Probably fucking stuck here forever. Oh well, at least I got to see the ocean plenty of times.
I'll go with Green Rock. It sounds like it would be like PNW but in the middle of the country.
no jeff
I live in Tennessee and as much as I'd like to move states I probably never will
im non-american, hoping to move to florida to be with my boyfriend
I love visiting florida it's the best place to vacation. Got heat stroke but otherwise enjoyed all my times there. Gator nuggets were delicious
Current Texan and will probably stay Texan. If I were to move anywhere else it would probably be Alaska or Atlanta Georgia.
I'm a new hampshirite, but I dream of living near lake baikal. Maybe some day...
Man I want a fertile beer-chugging dirndle wearing trad wife
Texan, thought about moving to New York because of all the things to do, but I hear that all the women there are twitter-obsessed leftists
South Carolina, I dont know where to go but probably out west or slavland if they will take me
Fellow texanon here, in order of most desired:
Idaho
Montana
Utah
Colorado
I would be a noble coastal elite of the fine state of Ostana
I imagine that most of those new states would basically be like the Great Planes on crack, flat, no significant bodies of water, horrible storms, borderline tundra/desert, etc. The mini-peninsula of Fitrete between Lake Doramos and the smaller lake would probably be quite nice though.
If the squigglier lines indicate rivers as they tend to in the real America, I'm thinking the region comprising southern Onfrem/northeast Wels/central west Galrafona might represent the beginning of a river from a mountainous region, something similar to East Tennessee, which would also be nice.
another person saying it'd be great plains 2
Why do you lack imagination so badly
imagination means you have to believe the opposite of reality
The backstates are formed from the middle of the Great Plains only about five times as expansive. Just look at Siberia, Central Asia, and North Africa for what happens when you have expansive flat land with minimal bodies of water.
I'm a Texan and I dream of moving to Minnesota
Come to grand rapids so I can bash your fucking skull in faggot
