Why are men so much more insecure about their sexuality than women are? They're afraid of anything being a threat to their supposed heterosexuality.
I think is a you problem. None of my frind group is afraid of complimenting each other or doing gay shit
because if men weren't, they'd all realize it's better to be gay
You don't let the prisoners know where the secret exit is
They're also terrified of people finding out that they're virgins. I personally have that insecurity. I've considered telling people I'm gay just that I have an excuse for never being seen with women.
Women tend to be more bisexual than men are.
Women also tend to me more comfortable with who they are generally speaking.
Men have to compete for women. Acting gay is counter-intuitive to that.
men can not be bisexual. it's either straight faggot. if you disagree go kill yourself.
holding hands, kissing cheeks and being naked infront of eachother isn't sexual. Men should be able to do this with eachother without feeling like that automatically makes them gay
lol? who said being naked is gay. your great grandpa was sharing the cold shower with 70 pajeets. but KISSING? it's over. go troon it out.
They're more afraid of anything that is a threat to their (performative) MASCULINITY because being perceived as feminine is punished socially and could even lead to being the victim of violence.
Because women judge more harshly men who deviate from normative het sexuality than men judge women for it.
Neither sex exists in a vacuum. Ones behavior is usually the result of the constraints the opposite puts on them. If a man has a bi/gay phase no woman will ever see him as mating material again. These constraints are not applied to women thus they can be as queer as they want.
women kiss eachother as a friendly gesture. most cultures see kissing as a form of endearment and greeting even kissin eachother on the lips isn't gay cause it depends on the context.
actions do not change your sexuality
the concept of masculinity is so warped. back then it used to be considered masculine for men to fuck other men as long as they're top. I'm not gay just saying that cause it's true
Fun fact: I am autistic and didn't realize that holding hands with another guy was considered "gay" until my younger sister told me.
It was still frowned upon, but romanticized by the aristocracy.
