I might be someone just like you, or maybe not. I came here to see people like me, but instead i found foids and trannies. 
I was thinking about life in general, i used to be depressed as well.But now i realized something,nothing i achieve will matter.And the only thing that keeps me alive is my hatred. 
My hatred against the world.
i hate humans. i hate how egoistic they are, i hate how arrogant they are, i hate that they always think they are superior, i hate that they dont see their mistakes, i hate that they always follow their instincts, i hate that they never accepted me, i hate that i need to live among them, i hate ... i hate everything about humans.
to be honest i barely even know what i wanted to say with this but i think those who are like me, will understand.
To make this world a worse place, i need allies. A lot of allies.Unfortunetly iam not charismatic, and iam not really good at anything. i cant do this alone, i need allies to reach my goal. I think i realized something, the easiest way to get allies is help them to achieve what they truly desire. which usually comes down to power. Power in any form.
Lets say an average human has a power level of 10 then your average incel is around 5.And you average chad is around 25. Now society is against incels, first you guys need to break out from depression, stop taking your pills,stop using drugs,stop harming yourself. focus on what you truly desire. Iam sure most of you want revenge in some form as well. Remember this line while you are trying to fix your life "what is the thing that humans did to make your life good?"
You just hate yourself, incel nigger. 
Grow up
I really like taking a shit, makes me feel good. its just so relaxing and calming to drop a deuce inna toilet.
see? you are no different, you are like them. i dont hate myself. i love myself. i love the fact that they hate me. At least i make someones day worse
i dont hate myself
I "only" hate everybody else
Please be more honest with yourself. The one you hate the most is the one within
you know what is really funny. iam sure you probably seen videos where someone get extremely mad because someone is an asshole to them
like in this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B8On0__AJs [Embed]
its truly beautiful. iam sure the subject had a bad day
iam being honest as much as i can. you really think a normal human would say that he wants to make the world a worse place?
if you were being honest you would've mentioned that you're 12 years old in your original post
You haven't been honest once in this entire thread. 
You hate yourself and everything else stems from that. 
When you learn to love yourself, you won't feel so fervent about your hatred for this world. 
Do you want to learn how to love yourself more?
You're a loser because you cant unite, retard.
it seems like you dont understand something. when someone hates other people, i think its not that they are projecting their internal problems.
and you dont get it, i used to be depressed. i used to hate myself, but why should i hate myself if i cant change and they wont change. no one is gonna like me, well iam used to it. i only need a fraction of the population to agree a small fraction is enough to create something so insane that it will surpass even you wildest dreams
insulting? whats the point? are you any different?
i highly doubt, break the chains or suffer from them
Op what's wrong with hating yourself like everyone else here? Years of loneliness made you develop a narcissistic personality disorder and you think you're better than everyone else even though deep down you know you're garbage and you weren't born lucky
You're just loving yourself because nobody did that, it's your mind keeping you from suicide by giving you delusions
I'm a schizo delusion Chad myself since that's how I cope with the loneliness of being one of the last ones of my species in this human society
I mean an incel uprising would be cool and all but c'mon man if you just killed everyone then who would draw more anime and stuff?
At least enjoy being kind of a loner
its not that they are projecting their internal problems.
It 100% is in your case. Denial harder, queen
shit anime for college women, didn't read
i used to be depressed
You still are
i used to hate myself
You still do. You can drop the angry boy mask now, anon. 
People could like you, just try not being an absolute cunt (you are being one right at this second)
probably i wouldnt kill everyone, its like a cleansing you know. lets cleanse society from its sins
You are the sin. You are the rot and the evil of society. You're the one who should be purged.
It's a duty of every outcast to share the miserability privileged people gave. It's almost like someone killing your family and not doing anything about it because it would be mean.
You're a fucking retard and an inner loser as well. You learned nothing.
Lasts finish firsts haven't you figured that yet ? 
All your suffering, your isolation etc... It is an opportunity to detach yourself from this material world, because you will never win in this game anyway even of you try it. "Chads" can't do that because they are too inebriated by the pleasures of life and too grounded. And instead of taking the opportunity to focus on a way more valuable game, you want to seek revenge. They traumatized you, they damaged you maybe physically, but they destroyed you emotionally for years and they still live in your mind years after, you probably stalk them online, how pathetic is that ? 
You could study esoterism, hermetism, learn astral projection, lucid dreaming, raising your awarness, maybe doing DMT why not, learn to navigate and understand the mechanisms of your consciousness, figuring out that you're not your body, the "loser" you are is not you, figuring out that most of your suffering is caused by yourself etc...
But you will probably say that i'm a "faggot". 
Die and try again.
