hey you, anon! do you have a crush on anyone on /r9k/? if so, who??
I love hair vents
i have a crush on anon
I spotted you in a second thread. Will you be my friend now?
Not someone from /r9k/ and not a crush. Your mom. She asks me for sex everyday. She cannot live without my cock.
I found out that my crush ghosted me to talk to someone else. It fucking hurts to think about how she probably likes him way more than me.
hair vents? anon, are you okay?
gasp
but i dont even know where to talk to you off this thread anon!
dad? you've finally come back home? did you finally buy the milk and cigarettes you needed to get?
that sucks, anon, but know that means she wasn't worth your time anyway! if she can't like you for who you are, then it's better off not working out i think
Thanks, anon. I just wish she liked me as much as I liked her. I'm still kind of obsessed with her right now.
I could post my Discord...
punkelele anon but i never tried talking to him because i'm fat
yes, we have plans on meeting soon
that is sad, anon... i wish you fast healing
how do i even know you're the same anon as before?
who?
uuuu tell me more
uncultured sow
They give me major 00s nostalgia
Use to have now down. Completely out of my league, couldn't even get friendzoned
In terms of an emotional relationship on /r9k/ no, I do enjoy the Brooke poster a lot though, they have lovely posts, although I feel like I miss so many of them sadly. I believe that is their name at least... I am tired and memory not there currently 
I also like myself, but that is a bit of a self centered thing to say.
i never knew they had a name, you nitwit. i sentence you to die
F. that is very sad anon
it's good to like yourself anon, its normal and part of a healthy self esteem
Only you bbg
only good answer
rest are shit
OP, I don't know if you already answered this, but can you tell us about a crush of yours?
sorry, im only interested in 2d guys
Based. 2D guys can't hurt you
so true anonkun
there's this anon on vocaroo threads that plays punk and indie on ukulele and it's always covers by bands that i love aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Your tits are probably as big as that girl's
If you keep making this thread and look like this IRL I'll get a crush on you, OP. Where's the women that look like this.
OP said last thread that she's an ugly abomination.
For what it's worth I've seen dozens of people that claimed they were abhorrent hideous creatures not fit to be seen under the light and then they looked like a normal person. I think staying on this board just gives you brainrot that because you're single it means you're one step away from looking like Quasimodo.
She could actually be ugly though idk
OP is a sexy femme fatale.
There's a girl I was enjoying talking to. It's been days since she's been on. I don't think she's coming back.
I just want to say that someone in one of these threads mentioned me and I'll be riding this high for the next decade.
What does OP think of monkey branching? (Leaving your partner for someone else) INFPs seem to do that a lot.
How would you have a crush on anyone here when we are almost all anonymous?
Plenty of people are identifiable for many different reasons, anon.
aw that is genuinely sweet
true
im not good looking lulz
false
im sorry to hear that anon. stay strong
wow, congrats anon!!!
its bad, im a strict monogamist 
you don't think you can be identified, anon? LULZ
If you're not good looking then how come you keep using girls that I find cute in your posts
I can't tell if OP is a tomboy or not. Tomboy experts, what is your verdict?
Yeah, I'll try that.
because all anime girls are cute, anon
im an aspie, not a tomboy
You can be both. Why are you so dumb? Do you even have a brain, bimbo?
you have power over your mind, not outside events. realize this, and you will find strength - marcus aurelius
dont project your bimbo fetish onto me, faglord
not on /r9k/ but I'm in love with Kim Pine
Anonette...
Yeah, this is likely just another slump I'll get over -- I just hate how it always ends up like this. I fucking hate not being told what I did wrong, if I did something wrong or just in general how things were. It's so much easier to deal with something when I know for certain what the problem is.
Have a good night though, OP.
being mildly feminine =/= being a bimbo, pornbrain
sleep tight
Why do you consider yourself only mildly feminine? Give yourself more credit.
unironically pizza delivery anon. i havent seen him around recently btw, i miss him, maybe he stopped spending as much time here because it worked out with that girl he was talking to
go away
pizza anon is a great person and i admire him
lmao did I upset you? Are those silly little female emotions of yours playing tricks on you again?
Would you date him?
magic 8ball says 'reply hazy, try again'
ummmm no but not because of why you think, i'd be his friend though
I imagine it's because you mentioned already having a oneitis?
yes and anudda secret reason
Have you confessed your feelings to your oneitis?
because you're gay, no shit
op step on me please....
Maybe you could try, I don't know, moving on? There's many guys in love with you in this thread alone.
Uhm yeah. She posts threads on here asking people about their crushes. But she'd never talk to a guy like me ;_;
No this board fucking sucks my boyfriend is my crush and we met from soc six or seven months ago and still together i love him i hate this site most importantly this board you lonely twitter reddit virgin fucks
Insult me more if it makes you happy miss anon
yope
nope
wdym anon
*talks to you*
then leave? no one is forcing you here, you can turn your computer off any time
I wonder if I'll ever find another r9k crush? Currently I don't really have anyone...
So basically, you confessed in a cryptic roundabout way that nobody could ever understand? Why are you so evasive, cryptic, and annoying?
Waaait he met a girl? Do you have a link to the thread?
magic 8ball says 'concentrate and ask again'
Hi! How are you OP? I think your threads are cute and hope you keep making them :3
i have a crush on angel
https://strawpoll.com/polls/eJnvv8wz1nv/results
Vnhhb
danke schon anon, i shall
name sounds vaguely familiar
nani?
I could be your crush but you never notice me
My fembot queen Crystal Cream &lt;3
Um if I drop a throwaway email would you be willing to trade socials through there?
You now have my attention.
So. How do I proceed from here...?
Hi, nice to meet you, name's Mio poster...? And you are?
Holy shit the simping is almost instinctual at this point lmao
She prefers stringing people along and leading them down a road to nowhere, so probably not! I imagine that's why she hasn't confessed to her oneitis - she prefers toying with people's emotions to committing.
You can call me Amy poster hi :)
I hope that's not true, my last crush did that. It really hurt.
Hello Amy.
I admit, I've probably missed you plenty of times because I can't really tell anons apart.
So, what about me caught your eye?
Kek you sure moved on fast from that other girl you were spewing about in that other thread
Anything to distract me from the pain. I want to move on as fast as possible so the horrible thoughts don't plague me. I don't want to feel this way anymore.
anon, why do you say that about me? that's slander. all i want is to remain anonymous so its a lil counterproductive to be accepting socials and so on. also i did confess like i said -.-
So you were just going to use me as a rebound?
...
Do you want me to take more time before getting to know you, then? What do you want?
I can't deny it, but I'd take you seriously either way.
Actually, that sounds really shitty and insensitive of me, sorry. I dunno what to do here.
I remember a post where two anons eventually meet and got married. 
Even if it's fake, it's still pretty nice to think about from time to time. 
It's sort of like an anime plot.
