In Muttland, I am considered an average weight. However, going for a 3 mile walk will cause me to wake up with a full round body ache. When I weighed 165 lbs, people would call me frail, skinny, 90 lbs soaking wet, etc.
What is wrong with this country? The fat acceptance culture here is so strange.
Yeah you fucking wish you were "average weight", fatass. I'm 2 inches taller than you and weigh 80 lbs less. Put down the fork.
I know I am fat. But no one in real life has ever stated I am fat.
You are not average anywhere, you're fucking obese. Hit the gym fastass.
you need to get out of your room and have friends for them to tell you fatass. I'm 6'3 and 220 and still consider myself fat, you're 3 inches shorter and 20 lbs heavier kys pig
you're a big boy, it's all in muscles.
that being said, holyfuckingshit you more than double mine
Anything above 30 is obese. Cope harder. Fatass.
So this just calculates weight and height? Does it take zero account into muscle mass? What kind of retarded shit is this? Lmao
I am in college and have occasionally received female attention. Yes I touch grass.
The muscle I have is very little. May as well ignore it.
man then where the hell is all that weight going to? what are you shaped like, a bong?
Kek, no you're not. Even here in the fattest county on earth the average BMI is 29. You're more than 3 points above you fat fuck.
I have lovehandles and big thighs. I always wear shorts throughout the year because they hide my fat the best, while showing off a little muscle in my calves (that I got from walking everyday).
is your face area chubby ?
Yeah, my face is peachy but can be masked with a mild beard.
People will fuck with you constantly for being underweight but nobody says anything bad about fat people. It was ridiculously hard but now that I'm 190 people stopped. I don't understand it. I like being skinny because it feels more natural and I don't have to spend every second of the day eating past the point of stomach pain. Socially it's required. I hate fat culture so much. Everyone would be happier at a normal weight but nobody wants to be the first one to give up fat privilege.
you must be very handsome then, go lose some weight you're wasting it.
escape america, join the civilized world
This is such a weird lying post
