What dee doodle do, Robots?
Remove all my clothing and spread.
Finally, someone who cares about me and loves me unconditionally.
*stabs you in the throat*
heh, nothin personal, kid
Thank the lord for hearing my prayers and live the rest of my life in bliss. Idc if she slides a knife into my chest, my life belongs to anyone who cares about it. Totally worth it.
Sex 
Lots and lots of sex
i FUCKING WISH a cute girl would stalk me. utterly head over heels OBSESSED with me. i am so desperate for love that being this explosively admired would make me catatonic. the sheer thought makes me so fluttery.
too bad i'm not that interesting and also an irredeemable disgusting monster. lol.
I am the happiest person in the whole world (if hes hot)
Time to test her love and obsession. How hard will she let me torture her? How much she is willing to lose? How many teeths? fingers? An eye maybe? Kind of pity that someone fell for someone like me. So pathetic and cringe.
Your post is cringe, but if it wasnt, it would be kinda hot.
Usually in the anime/manga the MC just runs/hides from the yandere. Has there ever been a case where he took initiative and just started plowing? And if so, does she react with violence or ecstasy?
Get her number, text her while I'm at work, then take her on a date when my shift ends. She doesn't even have to threaten to kill me if she just shows up and says she's madly in love with me I'll indulge her because it'd be the only positive aspect of my life.
get kinda mad it took her this long
Tried it already answer to the question depends on if she's the kind that will actually have sex or the kind that just gets off on the obsession itself
In first case sex in second case ghost
i kinda have a fantasy where a very cute girl kills me after a romantic weekend because i ask her too.
Find a way to escape quickly because my midterms are this week. I'm not failing number theory for some broad.
Mirai Nikki maybe?
I'd like a yandere stalker gf but I wouldn't want her to kill me. I'd suggest a fair trade. I make her my stay at home wife and take care of her if she agrees to be submissive, give me all the sex I want when I want, dresses how I want, never shaves or trims pussy or armpit hair, and will produce breastmilk for me. I'll wear a chastity belt thing when we aren't having sex so she feels secure in the relationship and won't worry about me cheating on her.
I would actually try to get a relationship with her. I am at a point where I don't want any relationships but this would be interesting enough to try. My goal would be to see how long it takes for her to get bored and move on or cheat on me.
Is she going to lock me in her basement?
get me some ice cream bitch I ain't wake up for tha s hit without no ice cream
Like I got a life to ruin
It'd probably be nice to have someone that's genuinely head over heels for me. At first.
Then you have to deal with all the bad parts of having a batshit insane stalker. That'll probably end up with you being murdered.
bros...
Pin her down, hold her by the throat, and establish clear boundaries about how she's allowed to behave in exchange for a relationship (no murder). Bite hard enough to leave a mark and let her bite me back after she asks politely. Impregnate. Discipline as necessary.
Maybe I get stabbed. But it'll be fun until then.
I drive far, far away and see how long it takes her to find me.
