pic isnt me but lola bunny is the cosplay
my step dad just burned my new cosplay
he saw me wear it, called me a whore, when i changed he took it and burned it
did i do something wrong? like wtf?
Your step dad just wanted your used where clothes to jack off with then burn
did i do something wrong? like wtf?
are you a virgin?
Based dad. Stop dressing up like a whore, cunt. Get back to studying and working.
its not even a revealing cosplay it was just for fun
why would he want it to jack off and burn? i sent my friends pics of it and they all said it was fine and hes acting crazy
and yeah im a virgin why does that matter?
because you not being a virgin is evidence of being a whore. Im not familiar with the character but I believe she is seen as a sex symbol, some would automatically deem it as inappropriate regardless if the outfit was slutty or not. I bet your step dad jerked off to Lola a few times which might explain the explosive reaction.
it sounds like his problem if he has a kink for a cartoon
its a cosplay and he needs to get over it
it wasnt cheap either so idk wtf is wrong with him
this was really upsetting and annoying so if anyone can give me their opinion on wtf just happened reach me on the session app
my id is 055a737a655f220109b630bb94078dfb32abdc68677f547d2f59ad30ca3126254c
Looks fucking retarded.
 I'm a virgin, teehee
Stop lyin', bitch. Oh wait, you a "double-pussy penetration-virgin", right? That kind.
Alright, I anon, will add you ( assumedly young female due to living in a situation that would alot your step father to control your behavior so strongly ) in order to attempt conversation ( and possible relationship building, as since you, OP, have piqued my visual curiosity since you have described yourself as a cosplayer of slightly racy but still not distasteful cosplay that well adjusted, romantically available women likely enjoy to wear )
no im not a double pussy penetration virgin ive never had sex cuz i havent found someone i want to have it with
and to the guy below that creepy message u can add me if u want
dont let anyone from here groom you lmao. Your best move is to speak with your mother and get her to speak with your step-dad. Especially if this is his only outbrust it will blow over. In the future just avoid sexaul/sexaulised characters.
session app
confirmed male larper, most likely a fed
