the popularity of girls like empath is proof that men only care about abusestacy. women like that get thousands of dollars for just existing, meanwhile ill never even be taken out for coffee
Where do you live? I could take you out to coffee but FYI I need titanium dental implants in and you probably won't want to be kissing my mouth in its current state. Have an appointment for Tuesday so will hopefully get it taken care of finally.
who the fuck is empath chan and why do people care about her
Maybe I should get some coffee. Thank you for reminding me.
empath
Stacy
lmao. Don't use Serenity for this shit
Where do you live?
not saying on here, where do you live?
need titanium dental implants
why what happened
ill never even be taken out for coffee
Do you live in England?
hassan of serenity is my wife and ill do with her what i please
some egirl i guess, i see people post about her all the time 
you're not welcome, don't just ignore my point like that
can you believe there are people out there who are so loved that people pay them just to speak to them, and theres others who get ghosted by guys just for wanting to play a video game with them. its so infuriating 
no
not saying on here
Why so when someone who inevitably lives near you ask to go on a date you don't have to reject them and be exposed as a larper?
If you really care about her don't use her for dumb shitpost
ill never even be taken out for coffee
do you live in northern NL?
who the fuck is frenchchan empathchan niggachan who are these people? I'm not a 4chan faggot and these names are all i see
because im anonomon and my location may compromise that
its not a dumb shitpost. im jealous and complaining. ill never have someone feel infatuated with me like how they get to have 
no
some egirl i guess, i see people post about her all the time
is she cute?
theres a thread up in the catalog right now of a guy begging to give her money
ill never have someone feel infatuated with me like how they get to have
are you ugly? Fat? a troon?
yes
shes the classic r9k stacy type, white, light eyes, dark hair, skinny, small thin nose
not saying on here, where do you live?
Texas.
why what happened
My job went remote a while back so I bought a house and became a shut-in and just abused drugs and generally neglected my health for a few years and most of my teeth rotted out.
im ugly
not any of those other two
howd you find drugs to abuse? sounds nice besides the teeth and addiction part
she's acting like she doesn't have simps and hasn't been asked out by 100s of guys on r9k again
It's all so tiresome. You wouldn't survive a single day as your male looksmatch, deadsrs
i dont recieve money or anything like that from men, and never been asked out on an irl date
do you live in greece?
howd you find drugs to abuse?
Just bought 'em from the internet.
sounds nice besides the teeth and addiction part
I'm probably not communicating well enough how screwed up I am. My house is covered in trash and piss and I haven't had a human gf in like 8 years now.
no
i doubt i live near anyone here. and after seeing photos or personal info about me you probably wouldnt want to be seen in public on a date with me anyways. its mostly just to show the difference between the life of an abusestacy and 3/10 girl who isnt abusive or mean
stfu and start the stream idiot
im ugly
not any of those other two
cant be that bad, are you sure its not just ur femoid hysteria making u think youre an ugly fuck, also are you insufferable?a feminist? Princess complex?
So you want money from random men in exchange for nudes and shit? You know egirls who get paid money do that stuff, right?
and never been asked out on an irl date
Internet IS real life lmao. Do you think the 100s of guys who have asked you out on here weren't humans?
are you still holding your job? and yeah that does suck. are you clean now? i mever messed with anything too hard and i couldn't anyways since i live with my parents
empathchan isnt a stacy and people just like her because of the wet hole between her legs
shes a photoshopped fraud meme
stacy larping about having low self esteem
pajeet expats barking on the thread
manu such cases
cant be that bad
i wish
also are you insufferable?
yes, probably
they dont even have to send nudes. they just act nice and then mean, nice and then mean, and men fall to their feet from the excitement of the highs and lows. 
internet is real life
there's no point if there's no way for us to get to know each other in person.
are you still holding your job?
Yes, I'm an engineer and am pretty good at it. Have been working at the same job for 13 years now.
and yeah that does suck. are you clean now?
Actually yes. I ended up getting off recreational drugs because it was starting to fuck with my dick. Went on enclomiphene, zinc, and some other shit to help on that front.
i mever messed with anything too hard and i couldn't anyways since i live with my parents
I wanted to live with my parents when I was younger but my dad kicked me out as soon as I was done with school and said if I can't take care of myself I should go sleep under a bridge.
ill never even be taken out for coffee
Do you live In Canada?
lol if i'm a stacy then 99% of women are gigastacies
i have a hole between my legs
i dont see any men begging to send me 10k in crypto. you guys act like all women just have to exist and can get their whole lives handed to them, when that only happens to attractive and manipulative women
I care about youuuuuu! Yes I do! Mwah!
Ah, no wait ... nah actually I don't. KYS yourself.
there's no way for us to get to know each other in person
They can fly to you you normalfag with a massive victim complex.
She doesn't want a bf. She just wants to LARP like she's lonely while she sluts out and farms attention from simps.
some egirl i guess, i see people post about her all the time 
let me correct you: "i see her posting about herself larping as simps all the time".
propably is post is empathchan made too.
well good for you for getting off of them. and also for making something of yourself despite getting kicked out. if my parents did that to me i probably would just go and live under a bridge.
no
do you?
sucking and fucking as we speak. it never even started.
are you from the republic of finland?
yeah and for them to stay wed have to get married. i'm not marrying a stranger. and true i dont want a bf. my op was just making a point. nobody around me would ask me out on a coffee date, closest thing to a man approaching me was a homeless man asking me for a ciggie
why would she though? i thought she doesn't use this site at all
nice, you guys are a team now. just keep on bullying, it's all i can get as a non abusestacy.
do you?
I live in Vancouver, The other anon is right, even if we lived in the same city I am sure you would make an excuse not to meet up.
See >>73156567
She doesn't want a bf. She just wants to LARP like she's lonely while she sluts out and farms attention from simps.
She has to write utterly delusional nonsense to somehow pretend she's lonely despite being asked out constantly ITT lmao.
nobody around me would ask me out on a coffee date
Such is life as an undesirable woman who doesn't even go outside. You still have countless offers online and can farm attention/compliments/validation by being a big fish in a small pond. Your life is pathetically easy but guys don't give themselves to you on a silver platter IRL... so sad.
"true i dont want a bf". She's just crying about not being able to get approached IRL lol while rejecting tons of guys.
yeah i'm not meeting up with a stranger from the internet. it seems you've misunderstood op. if you knew me irl, and we were coworkers, whatever situation, you would never ask me on a date. instead you'd go obsess over abusestacy online
why is iris so pathetic bros
a stranger from the internet
You're so dishonest lol. You painfully obviously would get to know each other online first before you meetup. I don't even think you believe your own words here.
men just want an edgy abusive stacy, that's all im saying. they'll obsess over her and give her all their money and time. i would not even be gifted flowers. thats all i'm saying here.
That's crazy. Anyone I am actually a real incel and not just a weird attention whoring larper like you so do any girls want to meet up or just talk online I would literally travel to Nepal if I had to.
if you knew me irl, and we were coworkers, whatever situation, you would never ask me on a date.
Most guys don't ask girls they know in real life on dates. They use the internet instead to avoid dealing with girls who already have bfs or girls who will report them for sexual harrassment.
that's not true, 99% of people meet their partners from irl groups. if i told my parents i was going to find a bf from 4chan they'd have a heart attack snd die
sometimes you just have to make that leap. You won't get an 8/10 chad by staying in your mother's apartment. I was willing to meet thousands of miles away to meet a cute boy I met on r9k, and now we can't imagine life without each other. Instead of wallowing in your situation being a shutin rejecting everyone and thinking that unless brad pitt knocks on your front door you're going to be alone forever, you could make concrete steps towards forming connections with people?
i never claimed to be an incel. all im saying is that men act like all women can just exist and get someone obsessively in love with them. but they only truly do that for abusestacies.
This is 4chan, everybody can track your location
why are you so obsessed with chad? i hate people that are too attractive, you can tell that they've been treated like gods and goddesses their whole life and its kinda disgusting. and anyways my parents would not allow me travel across the world to meet a boy from this site.
don't say shit like that
I like you, I just live nowhere near you
You are obese and dont shower.
Cool.
Now get off this board you attention whore
You literally have a group of stalkers, who post about you almost everyday. You are just mad that they don't give you money like they do Empath whilst you completely ignore the fact that empath is a prostitute and sends people nudes. You want all the benefits of being a whore whilst not putting anything out.
I've never had a gf I didn't meet online first. I never really cared what my parents think though so not sure what their opinions are on that.
instead you'd go obsess over abusestacy online
people are simping you in this very thread
They're not simping for her hard enough. They need to give her $500 per face pic.
You could find countless guys to give you money off /r9k/ lol. Many pathetic guys here have low standards.
She's a self-admitted slut lol. She's nowhere near an incel.
They can go to you and you can meet in public or you could, yknow, lie.
I'm gonna move to the GTA and gf Iris just to prove her wrong.
99% of people meet their partners from irl groups
Nope
i have never received money or gifts from a guy, so no i do not have simps
i rely on my parents heavily so i cant do something like that. better to live at home bfless with my pc and my free room then be homeless and stranded across the world because some guy dumped me
im skinny just have a shitty bodytype
the proof is everywhere
only evilness gets rewarded
nobody posts about or stalks me, probably you're just thinking of threads i made
nobody posts about or stalks me, probably you're just thinking of threads i made
We all know its you Iris.
She doesn't even want a bf lmao. She just wants to be simped for as much as 9/10 egirls.
no i do not have simps
People not sending you money doesn't mean you don't have simps. They're just not all ultra-pathetic losers.
I got the coffee, I can show you a picture if you like
empath
look at the people who surround her, you don't want people like this anywhere near you
:)
definition of simp includes giving girls gifts and etc. otherwise it could be a friend or at worst a fan/stalker. someone asking you out despite knowing nothing about you besides the fact that you have a hole between your legs, and saying they would hypothetically go out with you with no intention of following through is not simping
why would she though?
because she is mentally ill, doesnt have any simps or receives any money at all but yet comes here very poorly larping as simp to try and get new ones. but when ppl join her server they just bully her. she photoshops her images and it's really overall pityful.
ok show me the coffee, i haven't had a good one in a while and i'll imagine im drinking it
honestly desu,,
someone who is in love with me and infatuated with me, willing to do anything for me sounds like someone great to be around, especially if it goes both ways. as terrible as it sounds.
definition of simp includes giving girls gifts
No it doesn't. That's just something you made up since it's convenient for you. The simping is the compliments, validation, etc. Many would follow through but you endlessly reject guys while still complaining.
Getting some pathetic loser to buy coffee for you to cheer you up shows how meaningless this thread is and how pathetically easy you have it lol.
i find that hard to believe, it seems like she's the exact type that people here love. edgy, racist, woman hating, exciting and not boring. but if that's really true then i'll take back op.
i wish iris didnt ghost me because im ugly.
why even live
someone who is in love with me and infatuated with me, willing to do anything for me sounds like someone great to be around, especially if it goes both ways. as terrible as it sounds.
lmao what makes you think you deserve this level of devotion? You arent even a virgin you should have thought a little more about having a that one night stand with that pajeet if you want people to treat you like that.
iris is very cruel
just look at this thread
are you blind desu, he bought coffee for himself. he's just posting a picture of it to blog. its kinda funny how quickly you try to find things to use against me. relax a little.
She wants to be able to slut out, admit she's just here to farm attention from losers, reject guys, pretend to be lonely, and also be the object of love from a guy in her real life who has to ask her out first. The levels of narcissism are ungodly lmao.
He's still doing it to try to get in your good graces.
why are you lying to me? i didn't ghost anyone for being ugly, nobody has even sent me a photo of themselves. 
i'm not saying i deserve it, i'm just saying only abusestacies get to recieve something like that, even if they have body counts of 20
why would he be doing it to get in my good graces, what will i gain from a photo of a coffee that i can't even drink. makes no sense at all. my origonal reply was telling him not to get coffee anyways, so he probably was doing it to try and annoy me if anything.
why are you lying to me? i didn't ghost anyone for being ugly, nobody has even sent me a photo of themselves.
Do you think we are actually retarded?
She wants to be able to slut out, admit she's just here to farm attention from losers, reject guys, pretend to be lonely, and also be the object of love from a guy in her real life who has to ask her out first.
The hypocrisy is so real, though.
Guess she never saw her e-bf.
The hypocrisy is so real, though.
How so?
i literally sent you a photo of myself and you literally ghosted me
give proof or go away
dont lie about me
he's just stringing random words together at this point. nobody can understand the point i guess. 
goodnight thread, thanks for the (You)s and have a good coffee desu.
Why don't you take a little break? You seem so threatened.
what is your username, or message me on discord. i don't believe that i ghosted right after you sending a selfie
I hate it when people pretend to be lonely when they're not. They spit in the face of actually lonely people and it's disgusting, especially when they're a self-admitted slut, they say they don't want a bf, they reject tons of guys, etc.
did i claim to be lonely once in this thread? i don't think so. being alone is fine for me, i just am noticing patterns in how men here act and how they really are just weak to abusestacy
I'm an actual lonely person and it doesn't affect me. You should try growing up.
not gonna disclose myself. i would have loved to take you out for coffee tho
meanwhile ill never even be taken out for coffee
theres others who get ghosted by guys just for wanting to play a video game with them. its so infuriating
if you knew me irl, and we were coworkers, whatever situation, you would never ask me on a date
Why does any of this even matter if you wanted to convey that you were fine being alone?
How many total rejections from girls? Are you a KHHV? What's the closest you've been to sex/a girl liking you.
Least pathetic cultist.
I am an ugly 3/10
Nobody wants me cuz i am not stacy
Did i ever say i was lonely? Nuh-uh
Here you go please vicariously enjoy
She wants to have that IRL with a tiktok chad eboy, not you.
How many total rejections from girls? 
Plenty.
Are you a KHHV? 
Are you?
What's the closest you've been to sex/a girl liking you. 
Probably just as much as you with a man.
Do you think you're sneaky?
i'm only using myself as a comparison. i never said i was lonely, just that girls like me get treated as the complete opposite of how abusestacy is treated. men here are obsessed with racist and mean girls and that is a fact. they'll simp pay and gift them while those same girls would spit in my face and laugh at me together with their simps
well i'm sorry. if you message me we can talk and clear it up. if i ghosted you it probably was not on purpose.
why are you obsessed with men here? thats what i would like to know
literally just a picture of a cup of coffee
CHAD ONLY
mindbroken
Are you?
Not relevant. Answer the question.
Probably just as much as you with a man.
What are you talking about? Lol. Answer the question.
men here are obsessed with racist and mean girls and that is a fact
I agree.
would spit in my face and laugh at me together
Except you have countless simps and they obsess with any female on here.
i am an ugly 3/10, and men do not want me. i can still not be lonely. 
how do you take it? not being rude but circle k was not the best choice here, mcdonalds coffee is better
because i think that the average robot is more likely to be my looksmatch/lifestylematch. 
right, kek
its just this anons, he will go to great lengths to turn anyone who even speaks to me against me. his dream is to make everyone on this board hate me, and worship him and his gf as the king and queen of r9k.
hey you said you couldn't have coffee with anyone here... well here's my coffee teehee
it doesn't mean anything >_&lt;
Lole.
his dream is to make everyone on this board hate me, and worship him and his gf as the king and queen of r9k.
Lol no. I just hate normalfags who pretend they're lonely/suffering.
i am going to go to bed now and stop looking at this thread. cabin fever and insomnia is causing me to make retarded vents again and i must stop and try sleeping
Muh anime waifu
Let me tell you about real humans
I told you that you two would become frens
Like I said you're more alike than not
good night iris
good night queen. i'm going to daydream about us drinking coffee and kissing for hours
"no i do not have simps"
empath is racist and hates negrokikes like you, thats why shes based
Black, reflecting my hardcore nature (but with a little bit of ice because it's too hot to drink right away otherwise)
you are mad that your eyes aren't the most beautiful thing im creation like iris' obsidian eyes
who?
the first is just saying goodnight, the second is obviously ironoic shitposting
goodnight for real now :)
lmao I bet OP has rejected multiple guys that weren't up to her 'standards' and is now whining on the internet about how she is alone.
Your average female is a psychopathic piece of shit and the vast majority of them deserve to watch that tiny minority of smarter, prettier women live fulfilling lives from behind their cage of SSRIs and makeup.
If you had an ounce of sympathy for men, you'd be happy. Instead, you can fuck off and go make an OnlyFans so you can be semi-useful.
You pissed and moaned about how you're oppressed and dragged down any dissenting voice with a bucket of crabs mentality no different than fucking niggers.
Now FUCK OFF. I don't even want to see your tits just fuck off. No fucking wonder the Japanese just jack off to anime.
source for that gif i have a naked apron fetish
that ugly niglet wouldnt make a cent on onlyfans because shes got actual competition there
Yes, they're all totally joking and there are no actually pathetic men here lol. Saying goodnight to random women you didn't even talk to in the thread is simp behavior, still.
https://gelbooru.com/index.php?page=post&amp;s=view&amp;id=1935918
go to mcdonalds and get a double double coffee (double double is two milk two sugars, i think americans dont call it that) right now, your order is not up to par
that was my real last post now bleh im an addict to (You)s
i feel like me making op was just to get people to respond enough to my thread and talk to me. not so much because i care about the argument. goodnight frens and goodnight bully gatekeeper
Huh, with that lighting I assumed it had to be monogatari
im not whining about being alone. im whining about men being abusestacy lovers. maybe stop simping for abusive women and ill stop making these posts
true 
but i wouldn't make a cent anywhere that most stacies would, so thats not a surprise or different take from op
lmao ur right maybe she should jsut post nudes on 4chan and become niggerchan.
im whining about men being abusestacy lovers
See this is exactly what I'm talking about.
Those other women you see are not 'abusers' or 'staceys' they just know how to act like an actual woman so men are attracted to them.
YOU DESERVE TO WATCH THEM LIVE WHILE YOU DIE.
Go be a fucking feminist dyke attention whore loser on fucking reddit.
sage and the mods are cucks for not perma banning you on sight.
daydreaming about iris coming to south africa where i am from and recognising her but she doesnt know im a robot so i ask her out on a coffee date and then we kiss for hours and fall in love and marry. this is not ironic shitposting i am literally daydreaming about this rn and have fantasized about similar stuff with iris before
abusestacy
what are you even implying u ugly niglet, people are asking her to do it and she keeps raising prices because shes actually disgusted with them
