I just killed a cat. A young one. I hit it in the head with a board and then tossed it off a cliff. Then I went down and finished it with a rock. It's skull crushed and the eyes popped out.
Cats are cute and will love you if you feed them, don't hurt kitty
what's the big idea, little guy? mommy didn't get you an xbox
I hope you die violently you shit being
You haven't been outside in 3 weeks schlomo.
Serial killers usually start with animal abuse. That is the reason we hate animal abusers, it's a sure sign of a sick and dangerous mind.
I'd argue people also dislike the act itself
I hope someone does the same thing to you, retard
never seen that one before
I just did what needed to be done. It wasn't for enjoyment. I went down to finish it off because my intent was only to dispose of it, not cause suffering.
Regardless, to those who posted in this thread, I can assure you I hate myself as much as you do, but for different reasons.
I hate anime btw
Remember, they used to hold unnecessary baby animals in water buckets. Stray animals are pests.
Holy based. I hate these roof vermin pests. Doing God's work op!
Well, you appropriately posted a bug person.
Average 6yo fatherless child activities
I can't tell if a tranny or foid typed this.
now tell me mortals, why shouldnt i rip and tear until there is nothing left.
tell me, what is the thing that makes you feel human?
what is the thing that makes you live another day?
what is the thing that you truly desire?
for me, its war... war,suffering and destruction.
unfortunetly iam not anime protagonist but i will do my best to make this world a terrible place, i will make sure everyone will rather die than live. regardless of gender, age, position in the hierarchy. 
I want to become the embodiment of suffering
Do it if you can. Let's die fighting each other all bloody and brutal full of adrenaline.
Where was anime mentioned in the post
totally insaney
You should have eaten it
Yeah, this is the silver lining here. I can imagine what your life is like, and it makes me smile to think that you will endure that life for a good long time yet.
Enjoy, bro.
Not gonna save the asses of all those cats he is going to flatten.
Who hurt you, OP? Make a greentext
Haha this girl in the chronic illness faker community (former handle herfoggymind) did the same thing. She let her cat play on the balcony and it fell multiple stories. It was still alive but injured when she went to check on it so she stomped it to death. Then made a post about it looking for sympathy online. Everyone was like uhhh why not just take it to the vet you really just stomped it to death wtf? Psycho shit
are you mad i trapped mice with my cat
Am I supposed to feel bad about what you did op because I dont. no gf no empathy
It's not designed to. Knowing he lives in constant misery is good enough for me.
Cool. Killing those vermin is good enough for him and it also brings me pleasure.
He's just as much of a rodent. Don't worry OP your suffering will end soon.
