White girl got cake. Bet her ex regrets cheating on her.
holy fucking shit, it's ROTTEN BUTTHOLE
i guarantee you my dick could not get past her asscheeks
You mean ink and zits?
I'm sorry I'm so so sorry but you know I have to post it!
Not her. Someone just wrote down the name on a random Pic
i looked up her leaked onlyfans content once
once
frauding ho
it's her but it's literally just an ass, nothing overly disgusting there. some niggers here have never seen a naked woman in rl
lmfao arisa trying to damage control
yeah of course i am arisa, i browse r9k all day until i see a post about my ass so i can defend myself. some retards here need a reality check
oh no, you don't have to look for those posts all over the board, you just have to look at the threads you make about yourself like you've been doing for years now you 10 dollar whore
thank god i'm not this slut but please look at a real ass for once and not just the ones you see on your screen when you watch porn
nigger that ass is nasty as hell by real world standards, if you're exclusively fucking unwashed fatties that's another story
arisa literally doesn't wipe her ass and you're aggressively defending the bitch? what do you gain? what the hell is wrong with you. she is a prostitute who can't even be arsed to wipe her own arse. all her pics are photoshopped, and you want to talk about a "real ass"? she's as fake as fake gets. all her curves are photoshopped, she takes pics of everything in flattering angles. her body looks like the body of an emaciated teen boy, completely unsexy. bruh, you're delusional. holy shit lmao. what do you get out of this? stop it. she's disgusting.
literally perfect
nigga wut the girl in the pic has a dermatological condition. yes some women have butt acne but its not a good thing or healthy and they should seek treatment for it. also the anus itself is brown which would only be normal on a darkskinned woman. t. woman who has seen herself naked.
holy fuck she literally looks like she has down syndrome
don't act like you wouldn't bury your face into that given the chance
Arisa is gorgeous
