I wish i could say all the things and apologies and everything i cannot say here all the miscommunication that led to this to her It is entirely possible that the impersonating niggers and accusers are the reason Meaghan hasn't talked to me once. Life should be better and I just want to give her life better than anyone is going to I'm trying just for her just to make her happy the house we would have owned together is so lonely when you're not with me. You promised me you would stay forever and I just want to speak to the woman I love
Give me any single way to contact you and end this already I just want to talk to the woman I love
Just give me a single way to speak
Please just contact me limes#7658 Meaghan would probably even have my number anything
I'm only going to exchange words that image is significant but I doubt it's you. I just want to talk and listen and actually understand something for once I wish I could talk here but that would be inappropriate. I want change and I'm willing to speak with you just to finally do something
John please leave me alone, goodbye
Just message me and finally talk to me if it's really you which I don't think it is that's all I've been asking for I miss you so much
The problem with the image that was posted making me think it's not her though is that it seems to be the screenshot I posted and cropped months ago and not the original file. You almost fooled me
If you're actually Meaghan tell me the name of the park we first met in and where we sat
This nigga looks like Shane Dawson
I knew it was a fake image the moment I saw the border from the bad crop job I did and the fact that I don't think she would even still have that image saved after so long
I wait for the real Meaghan to contact me and answer the question so I know it's her
Meaghan was my best friend and the person I trust most in the world the one person who told me she loved me and meant it and I just want to bring her back. Why would you try to pretend to be her with a fake image that's just cruel. I just want to talk to the only person I care about in this entire world
bruh you got me so weak in this schizo thread
I wish I was a schizo senpai I just want Meaghan to talk to me instead of people larping using a screenshot I posted months ago to try to trick me into thinking she was posting
Atleast my stalkers are dedicated but I rlly wish it had been her I just want her to come and speak to me
so tell me the entire story between and Meaghan start-to-finsh
I'm not giving that information out for free we fell in love moved across the country together met fucked had lots of fun and happiness for 2 years were about to get married and stuff and now I'm here I know she still browses here but has yet to respond
i meant more so who cat fished your dumbass
The other poster that was in this thread deleted the image they posted.. but it was a screenshot I posted months ago from her old profile so it didn't make sense unfortunately it's very obviously not her... I don't know who is that obsessed to scroll archives to save that image and then rename it.
What is her old profile? Post more information of her so we can help you find her or at least her inactive accounts, if you can't do that all I can tell you is she probably saw these threads already at least 10 times and just wants nothing to do with you
Sheep,slug,dickmabutt,wurm,cryptid,widow are all names she's used in the past and others I don't even find traces of anymore so I don't know
I will keep trying just for her I just actually believe in her
Any screenshots? How old is she? I know a wurm but she is 19.
meaghan is right at my side im cuddling with her rn
Also man you have looked for this girl for a whole fucking year, she really isn't coming back if you don't have her number or social media, family or anything
She recently turned 21 in march but I dunno if she lie about her age to people
For over a year even
That is very doubtful pal she's probly still at home being a neet with her family feeding a cat redbull and eating spam I miss her I hate fags trying to troll me
Then call her family you have said its your only option
I might have to do that... but I'd rather not since they don't know me and that's a very awkward thing
Send them an anonymous message on a burner asking if she is okay and a friend is looking for her, if you really love her then do this instead of spamming here and give us the last update, hell anybody could be sending the message so just do it anonymously
nah shes right here shes laughing at you as we speak
Yeah she's definitely not and you're dumb pal I'm going to talk to her and fix all this bullshit so I don't have to deal with trolls anymore
I asked a single question that no one but her could answer... the name of the park we met in and where we sat. The real Meaghan would contact me with the answer
HEY LIMES
keep believing that bs while i hug and kiss her every day and night
also she says you are pathetic for keeping up with that schizophrenia for that long
Why would you larp like this pal there's nothing funny about it.
So she's a neet? I met a neet who's real name is meaghan a couple of months back in a r9k discord server, no idea if it's the same person you're looking for though
Dude you were going on about seeing some underage girl in Portland or somewhere else in Oregon. You are a freak. A deluded pedo fuck. Why don't you go watch that Seaworld guy. Kill yourself. You don't deserve anything good.
only person whos larping here is you PAL, she doesnt like you, i dont even think she ever did, she finds you pathetic and thinks your posts are the most schizo shit there is
ill call meaghans parents for you if you help me find my gf who ghosted me for 2 years
She would be in this thread herself and not some random fag posting like that can't even answer the one question I asked I know her better than anyone.
Maybe it could be her I'm trying to find her
why are you worth her time? why would i bother asking her a random question about a mentally ill fattie?
Dude you are such a loser. I remember you from that Discord server. Pedo freak.
Idiot, the real meaghan would not answer your stupid question because she is actively trying to avoid you, and would be horrified by your obsession with her.
You're a larping nigger idk why you are trying we were in love and she honestly needs to talk to me
she NEEDS to talk to you or do you think she does you schizo? why wouldnt she hit you up after all this time huh? she is avoiding you you retard take the hint
I'm not in contact with her anymore, the server was deleted. But last time we spoke was about a month ago in March. So she's definitely out there if it indeed was the same person
Sorry that I can't offer anymore help :( I hope you guys reconnect
Yeah well the entire reason things ended up like this is because of not talking about it and the misunderstandings that caused that night to go so shit I'm going to talk to her because 2 years of my life with her meant so much if we could talk now I'm sure things would be good I hope she can soon.
Atleast you admitted that u are a larp I'm tired and just want to find her to keep my promise of always bringing us together and always finding her like I did in the closet that night when she hid in there heh
Okay John, what specifically did she misunderstand? What did she so drastically misunderstand that caused her to completely ghost and avoid you? 
Certainly it couldnt be that she found out you are a pedophile, and you couldnt come up with any reasonable excuse, could it?
She discovered some things that hint at underage pornography but i didnt do it
Yawn you people rlly don't quit with this narrative. I just want to be happy and talk to her
Have you tried craigslist missed connections?
Be more specific. Thats a pretty fucking tough thing to misconstrue.
Also I know you are lying and it really was some pedo shit, but go ahead and try to deny it with some bullshit.
Dude fucking stop it. She doesn't care about you. Kill yourself.
Dude. Don't help him. He is a loser freak. >>73159554
True and basedpilled
No she doesn't retard
True and basedpilled
He is a mentally ill fat retard pedo
Dude. Leave her alone. Get a life. Or kill yourself. Actually, that might be better. 
Don't help him regardless. But also, leave your girlfriend behind. Move on. 
True and basedpilled
Yup. He is a pedo. He won't admit it here. Weird freak.
Keep her away from him. He is a freak pedo fuck. 
Fuck you asshole
Based. Fuck her good anon. 
Don't say hey to him. Insult him. For this is all he deserves
Shut the fuck up
Based. She should laugh at him. He has a small dick, he has a low SMV. And he is a loser pedo. 
If he loves her he shall leave her alone
Don't call her family! Leave her alone
Shut the fuck up retard.
Yup
Shut the fuck up retard
Indeed. It is pathetic and sad. Simple as. 
Based
Don't help him
Oh
Stop being a weird freak weirdo
Dude, stop
Meaghan needs to be free from this freak
Leave her alone. She wants nothing to do with you for a reason. You are icky. A gross bug.
Im not lying and you can believe whatever you want but i didnt do anything like that she just misunderstood it
Dude can you please stop posting this guy's face it's really annoying looking and punchable.
Why is this guy pretending to be me now his larp didn't work earlier.. Meaghan is all I care about I'm not answering retarded questions
What is your deal pal and why do you quote robot he is not part of this
This thread full of larpers if she was actually with the larper that posted here posting the name of park we met at would obviously hurt me but no one but the real Meaghan would know that hahjajanah
I want just to talk to meaghan why are you people coming in here and larping and pretending to do anything... I'll try texting some tomorrow since nothing in here was real just fags who keep trying to troll me
im currently cuddling with her john
How long is this mentally ill pedophile gonna post his face without getting banned?
That isn't a picture of anything and certainly not her
try to reverse search bby and keep coping if that helps you sleep
Hairs too long wrong color and it certainly would not be daytime
Also that's definitely not her she wouldn't even have such furniture idk why you think this larp could work mang I just need to talk to meaghan and shot not deal with weird larpers
shes at my house stupid
it isnt day time i just got lights on
and she stopped cutting her hair to forget everything about the times with you
Idk why you're larping ill talk to her and shit soon enough. She wouldn't be at some random fags house. Idk who you are but this is dumb
yea yea i doubt she will ever talk to you again and you know why
cope
You obviously don't know her, and no I don't know why she wouldn't talk to me again that's why I've been constantly trying to contact her
Still hasn't answered the single question I asked and expects the larp to work.. I really need to talk to meaghan more than anything this shot is just not funny where the hell is she
is there a r9k discord? how did you guys meet this fat pedo loser incel lime?
you know why i wont answer your question john. you know why she doesnt want anything to do with you
I'm not fat or pedo I just want my gf to come back and talk to me
john, lime, you are a fat pedophile and a loser.
You can't answer it because you are a larping faggot, I don't know why she won't talk to me or anything I don't know what you're even saying lmao this is ridiculous I have no idea why she would supposedly want nothing to do with me
you are sitting. alone. huddled over your screen. dying for attention from a girl who very clearly wants nothing to do with you.
this is the place you belong and will stay because you didn't deserve her.
plus youre a pedo so get fucked
basically this >>73160144
now john, ill fuck off back to cuddling with her, keep coping
False I will find her and get In contact with her
You'll cuddle with nothing you larping fuck you can't even prove a single thing lmao. What is your point I just want my gf back I just want to be happy I've done literally nothing wrong and I need to talk to meaghan... fucki g hate you larp9ng freaks
you have mental illness and she is trying her hardest to avoid you, you insignificant worm of a human.
you look like shane dawson's retarded brother was put in a kiln.
your lies may work on the internet, john, but you know what you did. she didnt just suddenly stopped liking you, you know it
man im trying to find out what he did, if you cant say for the girls privacy i understand and respect it.
hey john you're a fucking loser and should kill yourself
yeah i cant say it, but if you find anyone that knew her on dc you will know, because everyone knows what this guy did
Nah I'm mentally fine but all of you weird ass larpers are fucked in the head
What did I do.??? That's the problem I don't know what I did or how we could fix it I just wanted to make her happy and stuff I never did anything bad. I'm not out here lying about anything
JOHN GODDAMNMIT JUST SAY IT, you managed to hide your fucking perverted mind for just enough, but she could see through your bs. fucking admit it, or dont, but leave her tf alone
man i dont even know how anyone here knows this fucking loser john- lime- whatever it calls itself.
There's nothing to admit???? I don't know what the hell you're talking about I'm not some crazy pervert
first step is going on whatever servers you find on here and ask people. at least 3 people will know what you are talking about. why do you think john tries so hard to convince people he didnt do anything and just wants her back?
Because I did nothing and I do just want her back and weird faggots on discord make shut up about me that I've never done
yeah yeah keep coping, people will know soon enough who you truly are and you will regret even spamming this bs in the first place
What does that even meannn I just want Meaghan back why you freaks goto such lengths to pretend to know anything even pretending to know Meaghan it's weird I just want to talk to her ;_;
ok, now i dont even know if that is really you john. but anyways, if its you, you know
if its not you, you will know what he is
meaghan still has a dc you know, talk to her and see if she wants anything to do with you
If I knew her discord I would talk to her wth
SHE FUCKING DOESNT WANT ANYTHING TO DO WITH YOU ANYMORE CANT YOU SEE, UR TRYING TO REDEEM YOURSELF AND ACT LIKE YOU ARE A SAINT WHO DID NOTHING WRONG BUT YOU FUCKING KNOW JOHN
You're just making shit up what the hell could I have possibly done wtf these larps don't make any sense you're just trying to gaslight me into thinking you even know anything or even know her
ok john ill bite, you obv wont answer but why do you think she SUDDENLY stopped talking to you? come on, dont fucking lie to yourself
There'd no lies I don't know shit I just need to talk to meaghan I know she'll come back this is all so dumb and wrong
its worthless trying to get you to be honest for once, so i guess ill just stop trying. but remember that everyone knows, john
Just worthless gaslighting I didn't hurt Meaghan if I did I would absolutely do something I just want everything to be ok again I don't know why people want to destroy what we had together
I didn't do anything ive never been pedo or crazy I just need to save her from this dumb shit why are you evil people doing this man I just want to be with my gf
me and meaghan are doing adult things LIVE on stream @ twitch.tv/2no1_
couldnt get more pathetic. you know it john
I want to bring her back to reality she's just a simple neet I miss her so much every day she really needs to contact me. Cus she ain't doing shit
The fact that people are so evil to me and constantly accuse me of things is weird and I'm so tired of this I just hope I find Meaghan soon there's been nothing gained from this thread reading back through it. They were just larpers fucking with me. I am so tired
whatever helps you sleep you demon
You should take the sodium nitrate in your car and kill urself in a bathroom lolz
I couldn't be a demon all I want is love and someone to spend all my time with and that was Meaghan why these evil people try so hard to get in the way of that and try to hurt what we had is really fucked up can't you just go away and find your own person and not mine. I just wanted our home and happiness together to be with eachother and actually have a nice family with her and to make up after a fight without some weird faggot coming in and trying to hurt things people aren't objects and nothing is replaceable I hope I can find a way to talk to her soon
Ehh idk man that doesn't match up with the old pic of her floating around
her pussy is way more disgusting than that btw
You would not know a thing about any pussy kike shrimp bitch why are people so awful just trying to return the happiness that was lost just making everything right again when the only person in this world I care about is meaghan
John, she's not talking to you for a reason. How do you think she feels? She doesn't want to talk to you and you're desperately trying to contact her and force your love on her. That's not love, that's obsession. You need help. You probably scared her away with this behavior. No one wants someone incapable of functioning without them. I would know, I'm the very same way. Work on yourself and maybe she will talk to you again one day. Good luck.
Ngl feels a bit weird reading this after i just fucked a girl in michigan i met off this board named megan. She had a bad smell and a lazy eye but I was so fucked up that night it didnt matter lmao. Good luck finding yours anon
I just want to talk to her I know that when that happens faggots like these won't matter
Just nothing but trolls I hope I can talk to her soon
yeah tough luck self bumping your thread so people can see that everyone knows what you did
You say that but still never once said what I supposedly did, I know I didn't anything and if I talk to her then I know everything will make sense and we can be ok this is annoying
Well did you message or call her parents yet then
John you faggot. Write shorter sentences and use commas
No I need to find her
this will do anything but that pal
WELL DID YOU TEXT HER PARENTS YET THEN?
No I haven't done that I don't know what to do
Then do it
Originali
Well I sent off a message I guess all I can do is wait for now
Post updates too
