I am 5'2'' . 
Probably gonna die alone as a virgin. 
Wish my mother aborted me. 
Thinking of roping for the past few months. 
Nothing excites me anymore. Nothing.
I am 5'2'' .
Damn dude that fucking SUCKS.
hello anon. I'm a 5'2 (1'58) moid, 29 years old. my body count is 5. AMA
i dont have a good way to rope. 
if i had, i would have done it already.
Do you at least have an average sized penis?
Just fuck escorts and find fulfillment in something else.
not everyone is as lucky as you. 
also i was severely bullied in school and got brutally rejected by women because of my height. 
so i probably have negative confidence.
Are you looking forward to turning 30?
5.7 inch , looks monsterous in my size.
Bro I'm a whole ruler taller than you lmao
Just fuck escorts and find fulfillment in something else.
dont like that escort thing. cause the daughter of a family friend of my dad , got abducted and sold as a sex worker.
the mother committed suicide. 
so dont like paying for sex. 
nothing excites me.
Don't rope yourself. Maybe try getting with an actual (not ethnic and born in whatever country you live) chinese or japanese chick? You'd only be SLIGHTLY short by their standards. There's still hope for you lil' buddy.
i'm not lucky. I just wanted us to maybe have a convo about it, maybe if you are younger than me u could benefit from my experience, idk. i've had some very negative experience because of my height. sometimes random people blatantly laugh at me in the streets. i have some coping mechanisms tho
never liked bdays but i dont mind turning 30. ive been saying im almost 30 since i turned 28 so i kinda feel like im already in my 30s
im 6'2 lmao kill urself nigger
don't take that shit from him. bite his balls off and run away
Nothing excites me
It's because you have no friends and do nothing but shitpost all day.
You can have a gf, just not a pretty one. I hope you can make your peace with that
Chinks are 5'8
Japs are 5'7
He'd be a manlet everywhere in the world except Pygmy tribes, even Indonesia is 5'4 average
it's over, 5'2 is death tier
It's not, some girls will take you. 
They're not the sort of girl that you masturbate to, that's for sure. But they're real and they can love you for real. 
Make your peace with that
It's because you have no friends and do nothing but shitpost all day.
i have friends, i just dont hang out with them anymore. 
i stopped when in an event some of friends sisters and wives started making fun of me. 
like i look like a bobble head doll, i should give up on women etc. 
so after that stopped hanging out with them. 
cause sooner or later my friends who are normal height people started having families and there is no point trying to make things bad for them by creating a scene.
Your height may put you at a disadvantage but it's not over. Think about it, at least you're not retarded or a victim of molestation.
i just dont hang out with them
Well there's one thing you can improve
stopped when in an event some of friends sisters and wives started making fun of me.
So you're gonna give up on life because someone made fun of you?
I know you're short, but do you also have to be so weak? 
If you haven't noticed by now, you can't be bothered by other people's opinions, anon. You cannot afford to. It's like you are a minority. You have so much to learn from the gays
I'm this anon. It's not the first time I get ignored in threads like this. My veredict is: GLOWIE DEMORALIZATION POSTING. 
to the glowies: move on. Spirit rules the material. begone.
nigga there's more to life than roasty pussy
All you can do is grow a beard and gimlimaxx
In case you haven't noticed, virgins don't come here to improve their situation or to fix their errors. It's the opposite. 
They come here to feel sorry for themselves. Op doesn't want you to tell him how he can find a girl. 
He wants to hear that trying is not worth it, that he should give up on life, that everyone else is to blame for his troubles, that there's no end to his blight. 
It's not glowies, but incels themselves who run the demoralizing train
bullied, beaten, bloodied and mocked in school.
females mock me and most men laugh at me behind my back and sometimes to my face.
oh and i am 5'2'' when most zoomers are getting taller now a days.
you wont last a day if tomorrow you turn into me.
bullied, beaten, bloodied and mocked in school.
That happened to me too. For a while I became what you currently are: bitter, resentful and lonely
Until I realized that by caring all that negativity within my soul, I was letting my bullies win. And that the best way to get back to them was by forgiving them and letting it go.
You gotta learn to love every part of yourself that you can't change, including your height. Once you love your height, you will never feel bothered by other people's scorn anymore. 
You have so much to learn from the gays
Guatemala could be an option. They have a life expectancy of 72 years and the average height is 5'3.
Hahaha so some fat bitch in a moomoo and 5 days worth of razor stubble on her legs
Better than being an angry celibate 
Complains about being mistreated by women for his looks
Does the same to ugly girls
move to a country where everyone is a manlet, like mexico or vietnam
Only ways you could have done that:
1. Prostitutes 
2. Shotamaxxing 
3. Seeking out women with some sort of small man fetish 
4. Going to impoverished oversea countries
You're gay aren't you?
Move to Southeast Asia. Most chink niggers there barely reach 4 feet tall
1. No. i fucked one prostitute only once but she's was not included in my bodycount. online e-gfs and e-sex are not included either (and yes, they know my height).
2. Never.
3. No. some of these women have told me that they like that we are same height. but none had a small man fetish or anything.
4. No. i am pretty poor myself. my bodycount consists of two european white girls (i myself am european white); two brown skinny south american girls; and one white blonde south american girl.
Also, i'm not counting other stuff like fingering, making out, and stuff like that.
No, I'm not.
Also, I forgot to mention. two of those girls were virgin so i took two virginities, and those same two where long term relationships. one of them lasted 6 years.
