have everything i want in life... but only because of my parents
have friends... but only through video games
get job in an attempt to meet people, doesn't work at all
barely care about video games anymore besides as an attempt to explore myself and a way to interact with others
all of my attempts to get a gf here or otherwise online are met with absolute silence
one of my online friends messages me to say he's gonna be going to prison for something relatable
lay in bed wondering if i'll end up like him, JUST because of not having a gf
sigh. nothing in my life has value besides its chance of getting me a gf. i would be fine with it all if there was never a chance at all, but someone took it away... i took it away. why can't my passion and desire to change things make me worthy? why can't i just opt out of seeing women since it doesn't?
pic rel, the object (yes, object, women are not people for how they ignore anybody unpleasant) of my dreams
one of my online friends messages me to say he's gonna be going to prison for something relatable
Which is?
not saying, just guess given the nature of the post. either i'll fuck up like that, kill myself when it is 100% certain that i used up all my options / time to fix my life, or end up homeless.
wants a gf
literally calls women objects and says they're not people
wow i really wonder why you're alone fucking asshole
The only two guesses I can make are cp or internet death threats
He's just emulating all the successful men who do exactly the same.
Except, I assume, he isn't good looking.
Else, he isn't a genuine sociopath.
I can be a worthless uninspired pedo retard living with his parents, with no money or prospects, as long as I can stick my dick in someone once a week.
The lack of self awareness with you fags is insane. Get your life together pussy is the last thing you need to worry about and will be the last thing you achieve after the rest of your pointless existence is fixed.
Tell me your height and face rating out of 10 and I'll tell you whether it's over or not
Doesn't matter
Not op but that's the problem though, sexual relief is one of the fundamental human needs, after food/water/sleep.
If that were true you and him would be dead by now you fucking retard.
Sex or lack thereof is one of the most common root causes of suicide
you don't get why i say that.
let's imagine a classic attractive sociopath or a serial killer. they are pleasant to the woman, because he confuses her, makes her wonder what will happen if she's with him. it gives her tingles.
now imagine a useless video game playing loser like me. i want a predictable life, accomplished by staying home. i want a predictable relationship, which is done by making boundaries clear. there's nothing about me to make me "interesting," and thus i am ignored. i have begged god to kill me many times for i am clearly not cut out for his world.
Meaning suicide is the cause of death. People don't kill themselves after not drinking enough water they die of terminal dehydration. There are virgins who die of old age, get over yourself.
picrel 
The reason I cant get cool gf
Stinky neets on here keep obsessing over the wrong things, women are lost cause Anon. I gave up when I realized id have to give up my hobby Ive had since forever to even attract one. Always wanting to change me.
5'10 and 8/10 at best. women often compliment me for my looks if they don't know my personality.
big problem is that WHEN they know what it's like to be around me, i suddenly become invisible. see >>73157177
Just stick to loli hentai, it's basically legal in America I know and most countries don't bother going after random people who just look at it anyway. I relate to your post but I don't see why women are objects. If men are objects too then fair enough. Do you wanna add me on discord btw?
What does your hobby have to do with attracting women?
If it actually mattered you it would drive you to become a more interesting person. It just seems like you're looking for excuses.
If you have everything through your parents either they fucked up and coddled you too much OR you actually, somehow, are the one to fuck it up. If you have fiscal means than even though you are a mentalcel it is possible to brute force your way into society. Not possible if youre poor
Do you really think anon is merely pretending to care about girls? Obviously it matters, but he's looking for excuses because he's weak and scared of action. I say that as someone in basically the same situation by the way.
tall and handsome
Yeah, not over. You'll probably escape and cringe back at this phase of your life in a few years. Trust me, I've been terminally online and I've tried to befriend people from here since 2014 and I can confidently say that everyone I met who was ever good looking eventually made it. Just learn to mask your "darker" side, be among normies, work your way up the career ladder, find a girl etc. It shouldn't even be that hard with those looks
Im not saying it doesn't matter at all I'm saying if it doesn't matter enough to drive them to pursuing it then what's the point?
i simply can't motivate myself to do normie stuff in an effort to become "more interesting." my mind rebels against it and i am dead set on video games being my main hobby. closest thing to something else would be cars but i am even overdue on getting drivers' license...
and then i heard normies, who look uglier than me and have had at least SOME romantic success, obsess over movies and gay netflix series all the time. is that shit really interesting? no, it's just them having low enough inhib to talk about shit they don't actually care about that much
work your way up the career ladder
death sentence, i flunked school for a reason. my mind is weak and needs time to relax daily, it conflicts with the constant, unending responsibility and work that entails. only simple jobs like stocking shelves are viable for me
It probably matters more than anything else in anon's life he's just crippled by mental illness and awful circumstances so saying it's due to a lack of it mattering to him seems incorrect or at least misleading to me.
awful circumstances
yeah, i'm stuck in a home revolting compared to the immediate areas in all 4 directions around me and my older brother who has gotten out even less than me. biggest dream is to get my own place so i can be alone and confidently invite girls over but the entire economy is a blackpill
