gf told me her bodycount. why?
I guess she really just wants to make you feel like shit, anon.
What was it the count?
why does that like matter to you?? it doesn't mean she's any less of a person. it also doesn't make your relationship any less special, just because you're number #114
you're about to be another notch in her belt that she'll soon forget about
She said she thinks I'm #8 which is lower than I would've guessed. I was thinking like a dozen. She's a decade older than me and pretty liberal about sex. But she's never lied to me about anything
8 isnt bad. does she let you do anal?
how is she your girlfriend and you didn't already know her body count? are you so retarded that you don't properly vet someone before considering them your partner?
I'm 23 years old and I'm on bitch#15. shes bisexual so I'm going to try to get her to do a threesome with me at some point before she leaves the state
Yes!! I got to try it for the first time last night. Was shocked how rough she likes it
I would never ask anyone that because I don't want to know it. I'm not inquiring about anyone's past. I'll make an educated guess myself
Loooooooool
Shit like this makes me feel lucky I found my gf in highschool. I like that we were both each others first as god intended feels good bros.
how often do u rape her? does she swallow cum and piss? whats her most degenerate kink
it's such bullshit our grandfathers never had to deal with this.
what the fuck are you doing?
Just anal and choking
is she into ass to mouth? does she like scat?
where did you meet her?
how do you feel you're not the first to do anything with her and she'll compare everything you do and will always have memories of other guys?
No and neither am i
The club
Actually she has mentioned I'm the first to do a few things with her. I could also be the first to eat her ass but I haven't
And you believe these things?
Interesting. You're gonna be in for a rude awakening
so 80+
Dont kid yourself, you are likely in the 50s or 60s of her body count and you are being manipulated more than you realize. Women like that prey on younger less experienced dudes like you who they can play like a fiddle.
She didn't lie about being sterilized or on BC. I can feel it poking my dick. Neither is she ashamed of anything she's done, contrarily she's quite open about it so yes I believe her
I'm literally jobless and live at home. She offers to buy me dinner and movie tickets and stuff all the time and has
So I don't think I'm getting played. I'm no meal ticket and never will be
you picked a disgusting whore, how are you not ashamed of yourself. you're literally wasting your time and you will have a breakdown once you actually realize this.
i'm watching a trainwreck in progress, my god
ew ew ew how can u even look at slag in the eye holy FUCK
there's something you anons are not figuring out that is pretty obvious from what i read in the thread:
She wants you to compare your pathetic score to hers so you understand why she's the boss.
you are a dildo anon, that is your sole purpose but im glad you enjoy it when she buys you happy meals
Good eye kek. Yes there's always a catch, she's def overweight and we've talked about it. I've seen old photos of her and she used to be rail thin. Had an eating disorder 
On the other hand I'm a total fucking bum so I'm not gonna complain. She's a very considerate and understanding person
it just gets worse and worse
I took the belly-girl pill bruh. We just talked about that yesterday. It's a package deal with the tits and ass lmao
no it's not, you will grow up one day anon
I hope not
