I just want my boyfriend to be very intelligent. I don't care how guys look or how much they earn. I don't need him to be good with other people as long as he likes talking to me. I am attracted to raw intelligence. I can't ever find a boyfriend though. All the guys who approach me IRL are so disappointing. Why is it so hard to find a smart guy?
you'll find a smart guy at work or in some extreme nerd hobbyist circle 
you're not gonna find a smart guy at the gym or the bar
The smart guys have logic'd themselves into thinking they can't get a partner, so there's no reason to even try. They're stuck in their stoic self reflection. If you want a smart boyfriend, you have to court them yourself.
you have to be smart yourself
My supposed intelligence has been remarked upon by many people throughout my life, but it's never helped me attract a partner.
Prove it by going to the math department of your nearest uni and giving blowjobs to all the Indian and Chinese manlets. lap up their dick cheese you rancid lying slut bimbo
Is this hope fueled delusion or are you not very smart guys?
Eh, I've tried to get to know girls who shared interests with me and said they basically wanted a knowledgeable sperg. They don't actually want someone like me. If you wanna find a smart guy then it's not hard, tons of 'em are single(before they get any kind of STEM job/status though, then they get eaten up from what I've heard). Just talk about what interests you and you'll likely find someone who shares those interests and wants to talk more. Just don't expect them to be suave.
I find this board a lot more fun if I 100% believe whatever OP is saying and engage with everything they tell me. So I choose to believe OP is 100% a femcel who can't find their ideal boyfriend because they don't know how to.
nerds are low IQ though. you are far more likely to find an intelligent man in a cocktail bar inside a hotel or near a finance / tech company
I'm not "smart" at all but I'm just autistically obsessed with planes and for some reason that makes people think I'm smart
Right? It's boring and exhausting to assume that everything is a 5,000 layer game of irony and memes
When i was 12 my school tested my iq, the result was 132.
Even if i have a big iq most of my hobby are not stereotypical nerd stuff, i train and fight in mma and grappling, i like getting drunk and high at festivals. I like to do dumb shit just for adrenaline etc...
Intelligence doesnt mean being a nerd
childhood IQ testing is notoriously unreliable chances are you're just a retard. adult IQ tests are the only ones that are stable for life.
I do this with most things, just assume an impossible level of sincerity from people. I know it makes me naive and probably causes me to be a fool quite often, but I like believing in people's honesty.
NTA but you don't even need to look at it like that. I just view it like a problem to be solved, that's more than fine. No expectations of anyone being genuine.
ha ha ha ho ho ho
Where do you get approached? Maybe go somewhere where smart guys hang out instead?
I have a Bachelor's in English. I read difficult books for fun (currently going through Moby Dick, some of my other favorites include Nightwood, 2666, and the works of Kafka). I'm currently working on a novel, to ensure I leave something behind when I die, which is more than most anons here can say. I've considered going back for my Master's, even though I'm not really sure what I'd do for it, simply because I think I can get it.
I don't talk to women, I'm too busy focusing on my hobbies and trying to get smarter, go find me in a book store or something.
Nice cope you nerd, my brain is just better than yours and i dont give a fuck about your "intellectual hobby". I dont feel the need to act like a smarty boy "look at me i read a book i'm not numb".
Jewish women are confirmed crazy for smart guys. I have seen this phenomenon IRL.
smart guys don't show off their intelligence to girls. We know as soon as we start talking about quantum physics, or any literature that isn't Harry Potter, or engineering, or what really happened in Auschwitz, girls just zone out and start checking their phone. So we don't even try to talk about smart things with you dumb troons.
op wants a guy who is whatever she imagines as "smart"... not actually smart.
also op is a mantg4nsg
I've been with a couple of femjews and they prioritized getting dicked down like any other foid and never wanted to talk about anything of substance
You sound pretty insufferable. Especially that part. And you are delusional if you think your scribbles will get any attention after you die.
Library maybe?
Realistically I know my impact on the world will be nothing. However, I still strive to make an attempt. I realize it may be insufferable, but no one who is prim and proper and right can write a good story to begin with.
smartness doesn't exist. there's just different spectrum of focus across topics. being smart is just someone saying they would value one thought pattern or train of focus over another.
that being said, smart in what way?
If you don't get your corny ass out of here nigga
I've read every book by Herman Melville does that make me smart
No intelligence is measurable and real. Dumb people say that there are many types of intelligence to erase its meaning.
I think it makes you smarter than the average person, bare minimum, if you engaged with the work on some level. Which books would you recommend after Moby Dick? I've had my eye on Bartleby, since it seemed like a nice chaser, though I've not heard much of his less famous works.
What do you mean by "intelligent"? People who try toe come across as intelligent are generally fucking retarded and are doing it purely for the sake of making themselves seem cooler towards other people. It sounds like you want some Hollywood depiction of intelligence which just doesn't really occur in real life.
I have a 137 IQ, live with my parents, dropped out of college, get high all day and play MMOs. Hey baby ;)
lol
ok then how would you measure it? iq? that's just pattern recognition.
brains aren't designed to multi-task. they're designed to focus. and when someone or something does it efficiently, humans value it, and slap a label on it called "smart"
In the same way we recognize someone as beautiful or handsome, we can recognize someone as intelligent and hate them for it.
Intelligence is mostly being able hypothesize an outcome.
I liked White Jacket, Billy Budd, Type and Omoo the best. My least favorite was Confidence Man.
*Typee
So really what you want is to exploit some clueless nerd's intellect using foid life drain.
Hard pass, I'll keep slaying sluts and achieving things in life.
What is considered smart to you?
I'm the same way, but I've been lucky enough to be approached by a few smart guys. The best way to attract a smart guy is to show off your smarts as well, but not in a pretentious or arrogant way. Just make the most of the opportunities you have.
My current boyfriend approached me after a peer review activity in our college writing class. He enjoyed my paper so much, he just had to have a conversation with me. I was wary he just wanted to get into my pants but after each change in topic it became more and more obvious he genuinely enjoyed intelligent discussion. Even tried to deter him with my autistic neuroscience rants, see if he'd still pay attention (he did, adamantly). 
I really, really, like him. His interests and intelligence are so sexy to me. They're out there anon, they're just selective the same way we are selective.
can you imagine robros? meanwhile I need to actually make a connection with people. And ime most women get turned off once you start talking about anything advanced.
You're absolutely right. It's hilarious too 'cause we had a conversation today about it. He's had to learn how to approach people because no one will approach a guy, even for platonic relationships. I get it, it's tough for guys.
But to be fair... I've attempted approaching people, and it has not gone well. Like at all.
Here's an experience I relayed to him today cause I don't think it can get worse than this:
Smart guys come in a variety of ways. 
Some are drastically worse than others. 
You need to divulge more.
go steal a guy from /sci/. They're notoriously lonely. A lot of my /sci/ bros are good guys, just too high inhib to get out there. 
https://files.catbox.moe/tjyriv.mp4
and this
vip post. if you want good conversation like here you gotta chum the waters
PhD, research scientist at a major company, and khv wizard, reporting in.
You'd reject me. It is easier for me to make a million dollars than to find a girlfriend.
KEK
nice to out yourself as a retard
I'm pretty intelligent but I'm extreme scatter brain and I have to actually be prompted to be able to call up any of the knowledge contained in my brain.
intelligent
do you know what that means? like you want an autist who can solve rubix cubes really fast?
to make this first part short, even experts have an imperfect understanding of intelligence, and a word that might be more appropriate is competence. 
but what is competence? what kind of competence? in my experience women are fucking retarded and are terrible at judging people for whether they are generally competent people. 
is a smooth talker competent? is someone who makes a lot of money competent? someone with a bunch of knowledge that is redundant in most scenarios?
it always turns out that what you (a woman) wants is someone with the whole package. you want them to constantly prove to be robust and reliable in every single situation in almost every way. 
talking about it like its nothing is absurd. are you intelligent and in every way? i bet you arent
good luck and enjoy your search for king of perfection/master of all
Reminds me of JF.
yeah i've had situations like that happen. It comes from thinking too much internally and not interacting enough externally. So your brain goes off somewhere and then when it comes out of your mouth no one knows what the fuck you're talking about. Good rule of thumb is if it takes more than one leap of logic to think it's funny then it's not going to be funny.
Anyways even if I can approach fine I've never met an intellectual women. I'm sure some exist but I've never found any and it warps my worldview. Most conversations I've had with women about anything intellectual just end up like:
to be fair a lot of men do this to me as well. And I don't think they're cruel or stupid for doing it. They just can't engage with me because whatever they would say I would have already thought about 100x over and that makes the conversation frustrating for both of us. but damn I really want a women who can connect with me intellectually.
if you're so intelligent, why are you having such a hard time finding a suitable mate despite having significantly more reach/opportunity than the average man?
does it not seem like something is off about this?
possibly:
you have dating on easymode and you are still struggling despite being so intelligent. what gives?
IQ is only 70% heritable. Chances are that you aren't that smart because you have surrounded yourself with the absolute dregs of society and just being around stupid people makes you more stupid.
I'm an engineer and tested well on those tests they give you in school to find gifted students.
I have never asked a girl out myself because I'm a high anxiety weirdo but have been in a couple relationships with girls in the past because they made moves on me instead.
you know there are women who have better definitions on what they want in a man and can use that to find clever ways to find a suitable mate, but instead of doing that, you are here whining on r9k like the rest of us. you can brag all you want, but your IQ score is seems more meaningless every time you post.
now that I, a lowly r9k idiot, has given you a clue, you can gtfo.
Women are dumb. They do not mean they want an intelligent partner, what they mean is that they want an engaging partner to listen to. Their "intelligent" partner could be a retard as long as when they spoke that little fuzzy feeling you get when you are fully enamored into something triggers in their retard woman brains.
i was actually hoping to see her try to snap back at this, but i guess thats /thread
"""""smart""""" 137 iq nigger
OP didn't reply the whole thread it's just a low effort bait post that OP didn't even stick around for. If you're going to make a bait post at least stick around to LARP with the retards that believe it. That's courtesy...
lost at "troons"
Itt: intelligent incels thinking they still have the chance and ignoring their lived experience where no woman appreciated their intelligence whatsoever.
I had a couple girlfriends (I'm this anon: >>73160357). It's possible for awkward / shy guys who perform well intellectually to still get gfs, just less likely than if you aren't awkward.
I am intelligent and even have a job in IT
However I am not good looking at all and socially stunted
no i btfo'd the f out of that ho and won the thread. you don't know shit, kid
anon...
Indeed I went to sleep after making that OP. I disagree that I should stick around. I made a lot of high quality non bait OP's and got zero replies. Not keeping a bait thread alive and finding it has tons of replies adds another layer of absurdity. I will admit that this bait is particularly good as it lures out smart guys that are stupid enough to think it could be true. No it isn't. Women don't give a shit about your intelligence. Women who identify as sapiosexual deserve a special place in the rape camps. Preferably the one where they service intelligent unattractive spergs.
Are you fine with little bit of asperger? Only certified tests I did were done when I was a kid so I don't even know exact score, but I'm not the dumbest guy around. Still, I'm not sure if intelligence is what you really want. People often confuse intelligence, kniwledge and wisdom. Personally I think the latter is most important. While intelligence can take decent part in wisdom, it's not exactly the same which is why you hear about insanely intelligent serial killers, but you never hear about wise ones, like you hear about kings, scholars etc.
What? I have to solve complex problems and manage servers and virtual machines. It's not all turning it off and back on again lol
No anon. I was baiting. I am a dude. I have a dick. I am also intelligent and I am a wizard. No girl will want you if you are an autistic savant.
shut the fuck up you stupid foid. you dont care about a guy's intelligence. you care about looks, height, FACE, dick size, dominance, NT, dark triad, fame and money
fucking lol, virtue signalling liar, kek
lol you'd laugh him out of the room
And why would an intelligent man want to talk to an anime posting retard girl?
autism means you are not intelligent. it's literally a form of brain damage.
I do try to be smart and know some things like flags and history facts but have FAS so I have a not so good IQ idk maybe we would still get on though you could still be get on well with someone not super smart like Einsteen or whatever
She said she doesn't care how much money her bf makes. I have a passion and a purpose, and a job that pays the bills. What more does one need in life?
I purposely gave myself brain damage during psychosis.
Sorry.
this, the smartest men I know are all at a local board game club or playing fantasy tabletop games or poker, they're ugly, mean and usually immensely wealthy and just go abroad three times a year to fuck hookers
No you don't. You are a fucking liar. Or you have no idea about what you actually want.
Women also say they want a tough badboy.
You know who's actually tough? Some ugly fat fuck biker guy. You know what women actually mean? A twink like Pete Davidson or MGK.
Women saying they want a smart guy don't actually mean a smart guy.
I'm a genius. Maybe one day we shall meet m'lady.
I have a CS degree and work as a SWE and i recently started going to the gym because i was getting fat. Kind of regret that decision though. 
I registered with the closest planet-fitness near me, but only after i went to that gym did i realize it was the weenie hut-jr of gyms. Tons of women in spandex shit and there were no charismatic big dudes deadlifting 1000's of pounds telling encouraging everyone to do their best. Shit was quiet and isolating. Nobody was talking to each other. 
Should have just bought a home-gym.
Sadly I am the most stupidest man on the planet, so we can't be compatible, maybe if you lower your standards down to the level of an amoeba we could have something in common. Then again life with me would be boring as you sit there telling stories and tales and all about the books you read and expect me to understand the slightest thing coming out of your deep chasm, I would sit there wide mouthed thinking, i'm hungry
I am actually happy being the dumbest guy in the room, as people really do not expect me to entertain them at all. I am free to be me and just. live
WHERE do you meet girls? More specifically, WHERE can I meet girls in a situation where I can signal I've got a higher IQ than an NPC?
engaging partner to listen to
You realize it's not engaging to listen to a guy talk about his business major or his recent hunting experience all the time, right? Maybe some girls can get that "little fuzzy feeling" when a guy's thoughts revolve around that, but not an intelligent woman
This anon put it well, albeit a bit pretentious
If I were actually intelligent, I wouldn't have found myself where I am in life now. I must truly be the stupidest motherfucker to have ever lived.
I think I've found your problem ma'am
I don't think it's pretentious. The same thing would happen if I got in a conversation with a warhammer 40k nerd. the only thing I can do is listen and force myself to ask mundane questions. For this reason I try not to just talk about my interests and try to find some middle ground but then I'm bored and the other person is probably bored too.
I wish I could come up with a lower quality bait than this one. I feel like it would get me to the post limit
Here's the thing, people who are actually like this are genuinely really popular and have choices, they're not going to settle for someone like you when they can settle for someone who is both more attractive and interesting
This is such a bait post lmao
Even believing this you should consider the subtext. 
Assuming OP is a girl looking for a smart guy its wise to also realize what she means by smart guy. She isn't actually looking for raw intellectual power. She probably wants a man who projects intelligence. She doesn't want a man that can Engineer a robot by himself, she wants a man who can make witty comebacks at her shit tests.
LOL
Exactly what I thought. This is guy she is looking for. Someone who reads books and has a great grasp of the liberal arts. Again, probably not looking for someone who speaks common English at a high school level but works on quantum computing. As with all things, a woman who wants a smart man actually just wants a well read and cultured Chad with a British accent.
I already have a book published, run a web novel, workout, do martial arts, skateboard and snowboard, know how to sing and play multiple instruments and I paint and play warhammer 40k
I am better than you and I would never settle for someone who's as pretentious as you
I love my little mini figurines and playing with them and going PEW PEW PEW when I roll dice
