Meaghan You should be living here we should be talking and enjoying our lives together please come talk to me for every thing to change I miss you my sheep I want to do anything I don't know why you did any of this or why I'm here without you
Did she ever explain why she cheated?
I don't know if she ever cheated in the first place. Or if someone just gave her alcohol which she never drank before and manipulated a situation. Or if anything happened at all. She has never even tried to talk to me
So how do you even know she was drunk that night? Where are you getting that from if she never spoke to you since staying with him?
yeah I wonder why anyone would take off running on that
Her name was sheep at the time we met on discord... how is that so complicated
Just wishful thinking from Limes. He knows the sheep got rammed.
There is no possible way she would have cheated like that without some kind of foul influence. I love her and I just want to talk to her
I don't get it. Why do anons think she cheated in the first place? Was this right before she ghosted or had she already ghosted before sleeping at some other guy's place?
Because she asked me to bring cookies to some guys house she told me was an old friend... which maybe now thinking about it she might have been referencing the old friend I had for several years who divorced her husband and started flirting with me out of nowhere that she found out about thinking I wasn't just friends with her... idk. I brought these cookies to this fags house and then a week later found through grabbing her ip address when she called me it was in the same town where we went to drop cookies at which was fucked up she was supposed to be staying with me that week and having fun doing other things instead was just sitting near her house confused and scared
She said she only went there because I stayed after she got mad at me the last night I saw her.. I just wanted to talk and not have anything like this happen I only wanted to stay and calm her down and figure out why she was mad
Wait, so you bought some guy cookies after he fucked your girl?
bro what the fuck is this are you hoping that someone who knows the guy in the pic will see this and think he wrote it? post him with his one eye closed if not
Limes definitely posted it. You can tell because he didn't post any of the honest ones that show his real height and weight.
Idk wtf you losers think my real height is but if I was actually 5'4 there is no way I would've had any of the gfs I had definitely not if I was a fat fuck either
don't bother lying to us, jawn. the info is all online we can look it up.
Prove it. Show one of your booking sheets that has your true height.
Because you tell them you're 5'8.
Hahahaha ohnononono not like this hahaha
I am 5'8 but keep posting the picture u edited fucking retard
a 5'4 literal asperger 30 year old who looks like you stole my gf from a 6'4 chad like myself so anything is possible
lol. i'm 5'2 and i'm a volcel. but im not asperger so..
What did limes mean by this
There's nothing to prove Meaghan was 5'6 and shorter than me and even when she measured my height when we were in my airbnb it was 5'8
Hmmmmmmm
Yeah actually my records also show the correct height and not the one that was edited by some faggot
What would a girl that resorts to dating a guy like this look like?
youre just ugly bro LMAOo
Wait limes is 5ft4?
Just transition youd be way happier as a girl and with your height youd have plenty of bfs. Just remember to get fake teeth bc the meth mouth doesnt help u at all
u look good in this pic
There is no meth just angry deer that ran into me I've already gotten it fixed, but no I am actually 5'8
Sweet summer child - Limes is living proof the blackpill is nonsense. Picrel is a genuine r9k couple, circa 2016 iirc.
False, you say this shit but I am literally one of the most attractive person in this board but I guess it makes you feel better to post things like this
What part is false? You literally bought cookies for the guy that banged your gf lol
None of that happened and she didn't possible do the cheating until after that.. she doesn't go outside and can't drive
Soooo you bought him cookies BEFORE he banged her... ?
