Just fucking rape them like the old days. Or fucking clone yourself
You get the blame because you handicap yourselves with this gay power game bullshit
This only applies to femoids. Handsome guys still need to work hard to get a career and whatnot.
Also this is how it should be. Sexually attractive people have good genes that should be passed on.
This woman is insanely attractive, hard to believe she's even real.
not really, they just apply and things usually just work out.
The type of girl to get ran through in college and then still be lucky and find some beta buxxer that's just happy to have her, while she'll still have some action on the side
Mostly true for men, but tons of women pass on shitty genes because they face zero evolutionary pressure.
Do you not see how gorgeous this woman is? Of course she can't lose, her stats are maxed.
Why don't you just go for chubby normal girls instead of supermodels?
brother, if i could get them i would be the happiest man on the planet.
I keep seeing this everywhere? Who is she?
Because they're Chad-only. It's not men who don't want anything to do with their looksmatch because they get infinite attention and validation from dating apps and social media.
imagine being this girl's neighbor
you can easily get them at social events, especially if there's food.
I keep myself in shape. I don't think its unreasonable to want a girl who isn't fucking fat.
This only applies to femoids. Handsome guys still need to work hard to get a career and whatnot.
Nah. Handsome dudes get the same over-paid treatment as women since women control a lot of management and HR now. LOOKS and other books/studies proved how even men will hire Chad for his looks before hiring anyone else. 
It's all bullshit. There is no meritocracy. The prettiest people get the credit because of Halo Effect.
What good genes? The ability to have cheekbones? What evolutionary advantage does big cheek bones and big smiles do? Nothing. It just helps communicate and get attention -- it doesn't produce anything worth paying attention too.
Their genes have been selected to pain everything a pretty color -- not to make sure the bodies and minds are actually funcitioning.
Chad and Stacy are drooling retards for this reason. No one is selecting mates on brains and responsibility. Just pretty attention getting looks. 
This is how whole species will die out, Nature has a BAD habit of this.
BOO00OOBA
I SNEED THE SAUUUCE
don't even try bro it's a waste of time trying to rationally discuss shit on here.
anon, I don't think you understand how much I like chubby girls. I've been wired like this since I was a little kid and if it were that easy, I would have a football team of kids by now. appreciate the encouragement but I wasn't lucky enough on the dice roll.
Some people are paid to exist just because they are pretty. Such is life, which I hate.
Well, we used to have really good discussions on this site but obviously it's become a waste of time. Everyone is doing what I'm doing -- putting your thoughts out there and hoping some anons actually agree with it and we can start a mental revolution here.
Her body is maybe, but not her face.
if you spend more time with dudes your wired to be gay
Genes are fucking useless if your world isn't optimal.
You could be a human god, and yet being born to a family of cruel retards will set you back to nothing more than a wimpering dog.
She's a pretty girl anon, it's not even debatable.
I'm black and I could pull this girl.
They literally are paid to exist because they are pretty. We've shown how our brains are monke looking for sex. We pretend to believe in merit and value, but we throw all resources at pretty people for existing. The value was looking at them and wanting to be with them.
Looks like her. Have fun, fellow sneedposter.
I'd buy the best binoculars I could afford
You can pull a noose over your neck to if you tried.
Well, her face is not attractive to me, all I can say.
Exactly. Doesn't matter if you play by the rules or work hard. Someone that was lucky enough to be born pretty will get everything. Pair that with the willingness to sell their bodies, and they'll go even further.
not even. it's more like you're permanently locked out of it
hard working paying off is a lie we tell ourselves because the alternative is "you can never have this"
I am prettier than her with just as good a body
But I am broke, friendless, depressed, bfless
We were all lied to growing up before the Internet. Lied to that looks don't matter and hard work does. Nah. Humans literally ignore humans who don't like good to them or treat them like shit.
If the ugly human works hard? They put him to work like a slave horse so the pretty human doesn't have to break a sweat. 
Watch any work place dynamic and you'll see this.
How are their genes good if they are uncommon?
What do you even get by doing these larps?
Yh because you have BBC a genetic lottery literally proving the OP right
I agree. Also, I don't like big tits, so this butter face whore that OP is obsessed with does nothing for me.
There is something profoundly wrong with you
Sorry, in ClownWorld morbidly obese 0/10 foids in 2023 refuse to date anyone who isn't a 7ft tall 10/10 trillionaire with a six-pack who cooks, cleans, has a PhD/MD from Harvard, and who does 100% of all the work needed while she sits on her fat ass doing nothing.
Well fat girls are 80% of the population so If you can't attract a top 20% women then yes it's unreasonable
It's not that bad, you're painting a bleak picture
that's funny anon
It's all the fault of ugly poor people for reproducing.
I thought for sure she would have more followers
Stacy-only neckbeards
It's crazy how girls as hot as her are not seen as objectively attractive
her face is actually a 4/10, somebody post a picture
Who are you quoting broseph?
Fat men are even more common than fat women, anon. Surely that means any non-fat man is in the top 20% too?
literally proof that women just dont need to be fat, but they cant even do that
she looks good there, like a naive young teen who just grew her tits in middle school that you could easily lure into a van or fuck at the part for a pack of cigs or soda
she looks so attainable, like she could be the yard over (I don't live in a cuck neighborhood setting like that) but like someone's daughter you might see outside and know she's a whore ready to be molested
then I looked her up and she's instagram trash with zero sex appeal in any of her staged pics HAHAHAHAHAHa
then why are there more ugly people than attractive people?
park*
she looks like shit desu and that roastie chagrin face with mouth wrinkles should have go raped by 70 chuds while she was still a teenager maybe then she could have learned to please a man and be aesthetic
Yep.
In nature its actually common to find instances of the female of a species over selecting for a trait in its mating habits to the point if detriment (the trait becomes so pronounced it negatively effects the species.)
Womens mating habits are not eugenic by necessity. Theres no relation. Objectively speaking high functioning autists are the most eugenic mates if you value constant upward trajectory of technology and living conditions in civilization, yes autism is the number 1 predictor in men winding up childless.
If you are white and nonfat as a woman you immediately begin at AT LEAST 6/10 barring physical deformities the second you finish puberty.
This is why you should never have sympathy for the women here. Its their own doing (fat) or they are otherwise so delusional they think being 6/10 woman is equal to being a 2/10 male. 
Unless they are a nig woman then their whining might be slightly justified. Because yea niggers are ugly as sin.
It's over before it began.
Other depcitions of this woman are disappointing. Ahhh... just another brick in the wall, I guess.
You're just jealous I'm imagining myself happy pushing this rock up a hill.
