Anyone else find their loser life hilarious? I mean, it's sunday. Is a beautiful day outside, and i'm here in my room arguing with other retards about which anime girl is better than the other. And i'm getting kicks from it. It makes me laugh at the absurdity. I'm happy though. I wouldn't want to be anyone else right now.
Asuka is better!!]
No questions, she is perfect
Better than Lina? Get the fuck out of here you bit-
being happy makes you a winner anon :)
God I want to bully Lina for being flat and short until she dragon slaves my cock.
Same anon. Fucking same...
It would be funny if it weren't so pathetic. 
I just want to be a prettier, saner, female version of myself.
Preferably with enough money that I didn't have to go to work tomorrow.
I dont find my loser life hillarious but satisfactory. Everything comes from within so you can learn being happy with the least of things.
I used to feel pathetic about it. But that's only because people told me i should feel that way. I don't care anymore. Doing this makes me happy, and that's all that matters. I won't let anyone shame me for it anymore
That's what i think too.
Living in peaceful bliss is the ultimate point of life. If you're there already then why want for more?
I'm pathetic because I hate myself inside and I have no idea how to change.
There's no such thing as changing, anon. Beeing yourself is the best that you can do.
That's a depressing way to look at life.
Not really. Focusing so much on changing and being better is bad for your mental health. Besides, even the most fucked up people have some redeeming qualities. And even if you didn't have any, what's the point of torturing yourself about it? Godspeed, anon.
I mean if you're not happy with what you are and you cannot change then why doesn't everyone like that just kill themselves on the spot? World would be better off then since as you said, they cannot be fixed.
Why are you so bitter to that anon? Are you projecting something? Who hurt you unironically
Suicide is cringe.
That anon states that nobody can change themselves so nobody should bother trying. It's a depressing philosophy.
Well, I hate myself and I want to change, so I have vested interest in convincing myself of my own power to change.
If one cannot be happy with themselves, and they cannot change themselves, aren't they better off dead?
Bet youd like us to kill ourselves you jewish cunt.
I'm not telling you to kill yourself anon. You said you were happy with your life and who you are.
In fact I am of the opposite belief, if I kill myself I will have destroyed all potential for me to get better.
