therapist keeps trying to convince me to look for a partner because it's "a necessary human need"
i'm an ugly and autistic 30 year old
kinda feels like she's mocking me, kinda feels like she wants me to settle with a really ugly girl against my will, why are normies like this?
settle
Nah. You don't have to. Just get a friend who so happens to be a girl, it'll fill the void unironically.
Tell her you got a tinder and you are surprised that you didn't get any matches.
female
friend
i'm not gonna simp for nobody, since i'm so deprived of sex it will be constantly on my mind when i'm near her, it's going to be torture
necessary human need 
Wow sounds like she is an incel. Only incels would say that and normies would tell you to cut your dick off and be a eunuch. Also why do you have a foid therapist? I had one for one appointment and I fucking hated her. I made a point to make sure to let her know she was a kike. Never went back
therapist
why?
Going to therapy
Kek imagine falling for this meme. I dont have to because I went to psychiatrists for 5 years and nothing fucking happened except more brainrot. Dont waste your money OP.
Just get a pet.
Therapist only help women. They just tell men to get over it. She is just telling you to get sex and get over it.
Tell her how you aren't entitled to sex and can probably live a meaningful life with out it and a bunch more bluepill shit
you cant fuck your dog
Having a romantic partner is by no means a "necessary human need". Having a close friend you can confide in however, is.
She doesn't know what it's like for a man who isn't some genetic lottery winner.
not with that attitude you can't
origolinoli
Therapy
You are easily manipulated, aren't you...
What part of you are not owed anything do you not get, incel
I would be mocking you too. Do you think she's wrong in doing so?
Therapists fulfill a crucial role. They encourage young women to whore around. Wives to cheat and divorce their husbands. Convince young men to chop their dicks off and take hormones. Lobotomize dangerous elements with ssris. And most important of all, gaslight men like you into adopting fat blown out roasties post wall. Without therapy people would have to do the right things or face consequences of their actions.
Women were told they could fuck everyone and their dogs too and still get a nice betabux that will take care of them and they don't have to have sex with him. You have to do your part in maintaining the system. It's no different than paying taxes for the roads you enjoy.
she
never go to a female therapist
*never go to a therapist
