God I love the blackpill it set me free
No more false hopes, lies and humiliation I can finally come to terms with who I am as a person.
Senjus>>>>>>>>Uchiha vermin
Senju's are trashy blue/red pill scum
Uchiha are the ultimate blackpill followers
Cope. Senju chads founded Konoha,cooked up best kind to Jutsus while neurotic Uchihas kept chimping out and kept being destructive schizos with no contribution to Konoha.
Sasuke is such a faggot, I hate how much the series focused on him in shippuden
Transgender mentality. It works so well. Go be your true self anon
Shut the fuck up Tobirama
Sarada is the sexiest slut and she wouldn't exist if there were no Uchiha
flat ass flat chest blind little midget with short hair and a annoying voice 
looks and sounds like a little boy with slightly longer hair
but it says shes a girl so sexiest slut
Men will fuck ANYTHING.
Cope.Tsunade>>>>>>>Uchiha mutt
Men will fuck ANYTHING.
Yes.
Luffy solos the verse.
We have niggas in Naruto splitting moons and trying to destroy the planet. What did Luffy do?
moons
Not real moon my guy, lets also not forget that Madara was killed by a simple sword stab.
He can like stretch his arms really far and hit Sasuke before Sasuke gets close with a ranged attack with his stretchy arms.
Like a gun vs sword fight.
Even if the sword makes a bigger wound a gun can kill you before you get in range to slash someone
Luffy solos everyone in Naruto.
Everything people in the one piece verse people in the naruto verse but better
To bad luffy can solo mid story telling
delicious flat chest
wide hips
sticc
but also thicc
knows she's sexy
can kill you
Sarada is the BEST girl
Tsunade sex but Sarada is sex incarnate.
He can. As I said he solos midruto.
Ok mid piece
This.
Luffy could solo the entire Naruto universe at the same time by streching his fingers instead of his fists for faster fire rate and killing everyone before the can get close.
He could make his penis very big and take narutos wife. ez
Talking as if Choji doesn't have the biggest dick in the game.
choji only likes chocolate women.
The only ones with the cheeks that can handle him, lol.
