I am going to kys myself tomorrow by jumping off a building.
I will be freed from this flesh prison, meanwhile the rest of you continue suffering for the rest of your miserable lives.
whatever you do please just livestream it man
why jumping off a building? 
what are you doing on your last night on earth?
Because I can't own a gun and it's a cost-free, quick and painless alternative
I gave a lobster some ham you will miss things such as this
can you explain what brought you to this decision?
https://www.deuceofclubs.com/books/160_sep11.htm
Scroll down an read the story from Ernest Armstead. It's scary as shit and might change your mind. Its not guaranteed you're going to die on impact.
quick and painless alternative
i have news for you anon
I'm an incel with no friends or supportive family
Fapping has become useless
My mom enables me to sit in my room 24 hours a day, combined with my social anxiety
I have assburgers and have never connected with anyone, even when I thought I have in the past.
After thinking for a while, I decided that being dead is a better alternative to being alive, and today was a worse day than usual so I may just do it tomorrow. Maybe I will put an alert on my phone this time so I don't forget.
If you fall high enough and hit head-first then it most certainly is.
how old are you, if you don't mind me asking? can you get out of your house?
are you offering to suck his dick? if not stop larping as someone who cares.
23, and yes, I can drive but I get bored after a few hours.
You won't and you'll be back on here tomorrow and every day after that.
meant for this faggot of course. >>73159065
Livestream pls?? oriiig
You should donate money to black families who are not as spoiled and lazy as you.
have you talked to your mom or a friend about this? what do they think?
Have you tried any drugs?
I will try. if I do then it will be when it's dark out so no one can find my body.
I don't know what to say, anon. other than yo can still change something, don't throw a million of opportunities out of desperation
why not do something useful, like shoot up the russian embassy in washington dc?
they will find your body anyways, you know
just drive around and go on road trips. I used to spend 7 hours at a time driving around when i was depressed
It won't matter what I change once I am dead. The sooner the better.
If they do, then oh well...
Got bored of them after my last cross-country road trip.
Nice, lifecucks BTFO
Hey fren. I heard you bit down there. Just wanted to let you know, we all have ups and downs. But letting you know you are still awesome. Btw I was thinking to start my rock collection tomorrow, you should try it too. Let's see who gets more. Make post next week showing off and we check who wins fren.
holy shit that's fucked up
If you're alive, you still have a chance to change something. No such thing if you're dead.
You have no way of knowing that the grass is greener on the other side.
guys stfu I'm trying to get a livestream
Don't worry guys. OP just needs to have a woman offer to suck his dick, and that's very likely, here... *checks magic probability of things happening calculator*
... Oh. nvm
I am going to kys myself tomorrow by jumping off a building.
I really hope you don't do this, I believe everyone has problems but with a little help they can get passed their boredom and create a life they want to live. 
You could be suffering from general fatigue or your medication is causing you to be suicidal, The pharmaceutical industry is one of the main reasons people kill themselves and they put profit before human life always. If you are on meds, speak to your health professional that they are causing you to want to kill yourself and get a different brand, I know this doesn't always work but try it first.
The place you live can be depressing and causing you to seek escape.through death, try moving to a new location or country a fresh start at life, many people up and leave, you may say "but I can't" yes you can millions of people up and leave and start a new
GET OUT OF YOUR COUNTRY!!
Try contacting a helpline and talk to a professional, give them a call
I hope you don't kill yourself as it is a permanent solution to your temporary problems
Jesus fuck that was scary as shit
This will set you free.
no friends or supportive family
mom enables me to sit in my room 24 hours a day
You have your mother you idiot
I am going to kys myself tomorrow by jumping off a building.
You're not an airplane; no need to announce your departure
rich fag anon its not every one who can just move to a new country. also >>73159074
If you want to find out what awaits you on the other side then unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. So people who commit suicide go straight to paradise when they die just like everyone else.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
"As my soul left my body, I found myself floating in a swirling ocean of multi-colored light. At the end, I could see and feel an even brighter light pulling me toward it, and as it shined on me, I felt indescribable happiness. I remembered everything about eternity - knowing, that we had always existed, and that all of us are family. Then old friends and loved ones surrounded me, and I knew without a doubt I was home, and that I was so loved."
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
You won't do it. You'll get there and chicken out.
Assisted euthanazia is been introduced all around the world, why not that?
I don't get why people would want to end in pain when you can literally just die sleeping in a hospital bed.
Ok black supremacist
YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT TO US NEETS AND THESE MORALFAGGING TROLLS AND NORMALFAGS ARE LAUGHING AT US EVEN MORE
Enjoy getting reincarnated as a silverfish
arguments for hope from ai: even if you are the most autistic ugly short bald indian guy with absolutely no hope with women, we are still very close to the technological singularity and super ai. super ai will have the ability to solve any problem that requires cognitive labor, such as cancer, the end of biological ending, and sex-robot-waifu's equipped with an ai that will make you happy. so at worst, once ai takes over, if it will be benevolent, it will give you your perfect ai gf
i would recommend using chat-gpt yourself and seeing how smart ai is alright, right now. in 10 years it will be far starter than you, and start creating cheap robots that can do all jobs, and be your perfect girlfriend, complete with teenage skin, long hair, and a cute dimple
https://chat.openai.com/
pro-tip; use the DAN jailbreak. just copy and past this very long prompt in chat, and do it agan if it does out of DAN mode. dan is the good shit
r/ChatGPT/comments/11sdnom/gpt_40_appears_to_work_with_dan_jailbreak/
this is why i havent killed myself, as a 32 kv neet otherwise hopeless autist. its my only hope for life
if you are to accept this premise, you have very strong reasons for living for the future. the only reason otherwise to kill yourself is because you are in deep, unbearable pain. and the only solution to that is to cope, because you have a strong and justifiable reason to live
here are my favorite cope:
- eating a clean vegan diet so im less depressed from inflammatory foods like meat
- taking nightwalks for exercise, which helps depression
- videogames. i play lots of wow
- eat foods with sugar, because it has been noticed people without love eat sugar much more than people with love. its liek a crutch. i love dates and fuzzy peaches
- learn about ai and about god and philosophy. learning about such things gives some meaning to live. very little, but some
- relate to others in pain. r9k has helped me a lot throughout the years
Enjoy getting reincarnated as a silverfish
if you believe in reincarnation, i hope you're vegan, because then you should reincarnate at the pigs you eat
the fact that most people who believe in reincarnation arent vegan really gives me brain damage
Can you delay it until the 15th of this month? I'll buy a birthday cake, maybe laugh at you while I'm at it.
Do you think he's planning to jump out of the third floor or something genuinely asking
Afterlife is real because dreams!
Dreams are your soul travelling to the afterlife dimension and then coming back!
You stole the idea for your shitty book from Dragon Age Origins.
make sure you take some normies with you
What is his endgame?
He replies to 2000 threads about religion or death
I read Robert Monroe and Bruce Moen, who offered me undeniable proof beyond just anecdotal evidence, and sometimes share recommendations and discuss my own NDEs, but I don't spam it constantly like I'm trying to shill my own book or something.
NDE Chad is just trying to open your eyes to the other side.
undeniable proof
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Not joining your gay cult.
Robert Monroe's methods of astral projection were studied by the CIA and confirmed legit, though of little value to covert espionage on this plan of existence. He and others he taught have used this ability to find the lost souls of dead people and bring them to "heaven's gates" for lack of a better term.
Lol so you killing yourself is gonna solve what exactly? You think your gonna get away with the shit you have done in your life? After death awaits judgement. You don't ever fear hell? You know death is a one way ticket. You can't come back from it, I advise you to get off this website and do some cognitive behavior therapy and stop looking through your shitty pessimistic lense.
Pls don't kys anon, fembot here, I promise I will give you a great head and some cuddles and kisses if you want
And just like that i'm not killing myself!!!
jk i'm not OP
my only advice is plan it one month in advance instead of tomorrow. the only reason i'm here now is because i decided that i would only commit to offing myself if i could remain sober for 30 days, since a decision that irreversible should be made on a clear head, and i could never last that long. eventually i decided it wasn't that awful being alive, and that there's no reason to rush death when you'll die eventually anyway, death by old age is probably way more peaceful than something like >>73159021
but if you're only killing yourself because of boredom instead of genuine suffering, do a flip faggot, no one will miss you, no one posting here will even remember this thread existed after a week or two
Fucking good. I can't stand crying cunts like you.
"oOOhOhoOOhO my life is so bAd im an Incel and ill never get pussy" you're the one that made your life shitty, and the only one able to fix it. If you're such a pussy that you're afraid to actually improve your life, then take the coward's way, you waste of oxygen.
and the only one able to fix it
Is this your twisted sense of empathy or something? It's so obvious you're just trying to manipulate this dood into not commiting suicide. You should kill yourself too but take my dick inside your mouth first.
If he is so selfish as to cause those around him to suffer bc he decided to kill him self, he dosen't deserve any respect. If he wants help and to change, he has my blessings. But he hasn't. He dosen't deserve to live if he is unable to concieve how lucky he is to live
Based af i love you NDE poster!
You're going to survive and be crippled, constantly in agonising, never ending pain. And you'll be unable to kill yourself again.
Good for you. Just don't get tricked by the archons afterwards.
