Incels: all women are whores
Tate: dates literal whores
Incels: tate is based
Why are incels so contradictory?
not all incels like tate
no incels like tate, only married anti-incel men like tate. simple as.
Incels: tate is based
thats where you lost me
Sometimes I forget how chuddy Tate is
He doesnt date whores. He uses them for sex and money. Keep crying for tate you cucks and incel losers
He's a pedophile who manipulates underage girls into canwhoring for his disgusting porn site. And also looks like golem apparently.
Why are incels so contradictory?
Where's the contradiction?
Not even a tate fan, but cutting to the chase and dating actual progressed whores seems like the most logically consistent position for someone who thinks all women are whores regardless.
i don't really know much about this topic, but even with the little knowledge that i have, I can still re-represent it like this
incels: all women are whores
tate: all women are whores
date: dates literal whores
wheres the contradiction again?
Where's the contradiction?
Incels: tate is based
Lmao what Tate is worshipped by normalfags who unironically watch Hamza, Peterstein, and binge motivational shorts
Tate is the biggest hypocrite of all time
complains about all the degeneracy in the world
made his millions by pimping out young women on cam sites
says he's fighting the matrix
is the biggest materialist in the world
claims to be muslim
drinks alcohol and has casual sex all the time
to be fair he converted to islam a couple weeks before his arrest so he might be clean since then
idk after he was released
I don't like Andrew Tate, but that doesn't mean he's wrong about women. He's a dirt bag who knows. Dirt bags when he sees them.
no one older than 15 admires/likes this guy
BE A BASED ALPHA MONSTER GRINDMAN SO WOMEN WILL SEX YOU
Wow what a fresh take, truly Andrew "mutt" Tate is a visionary
I can tolerate Andrew cause he is mildly entertaining and witty, but holy shit Tristan is one of the dumbest fuckers to tread this planet. I wonder if Andrew is secretly embarrassed to drag this mongoloid around everywhere.
