How much of the blame do you give to your dad?
none at least compared to the blame I put on me
none desu
changes come and go, but losers let them go
blame for what, retard?
*chances*
like they say, the horse pass and if you don't mount it, you are a loser
my parents are the reason my life sucks. especially my father
He has a very low IQ and he never taught me anything. Latter is not his fault though cause his job have him working abroad. So yeah not any at all.
About 19%, 35% towards that one dude that stole my innocence when I was a kid, and the rest on me.
A lot. Piece of shit royally fucked my family in damn near every legal way he could and I will never forgive him. I've unironically wanted him to die since I was 12 but I learned to tune his insanity out ever since which some people just never fucking learn for some reason. I'm infinitely richer and happier than he'll ever be at just 21 now though and he knows it so lmao.
None, I had a good upbringing. My dumbass chose to go to a technical school (with 6 girls in the entire school) between the ages of 14-18 and then did a male heavy science degree, and that is why I struggle to talk to women at the ripe old age of 25.
My dad is autistic yet is such a boomer he doesn't know what Weimar Germany was. He is a gen x'r who loved Nirvana/Cobain, yet complains about modern trannies literally every time I try to spend time with him, without even seeing how his generation lead to this shit. It's infuriating. If only he was smart enough to wear a condom when plowing my mother then I wouldn't have to even be part of this fucking mess.
None, family is an illusion and the Demiurge is the true Father.
None of it. I am responsible for my failure and fucks up alone.
No one else has made me feel guilty to exist as much as he has.
All of it desu
Eh, my dad's actually really cool. In fact, he's about to help me put some new parts in my motorcycle and new car. He's always been really chill and logical. Even managed to put up with my mom for like 30something years.
all of it hate that faggot
None apart from bringing me in this shit world without thinking.
After that there was nothing he could have done to get me a girlfriend. Feminists made sure of that.
he did what he could. He was a nerd that lucked out with settled marriage (my mom's words). so none really.
without him i would be nothing
he needs to fucking die
I blame myself for not realizing how much he was sabotaging me until I was in my 20s.
Not much, I had my granddad and my actual father is like a giant instruction manual of what not to do and be anyways. My mother fucked me up pretty badly though, the word hate does not even describe what I feel about her.
Some but not much he was robbed of the ability to be a father. I blame my mother for quite a bit since she destroyed our family and I don't know it robbed me of some fire that made me want to trying life. But even then I blame myself the most. I did fucking nothing about it I did nothing to make it any better and I let life pass me by. I have skills and some aptitude for stuff that could net me a somewhat quiet and okay life and instead I'm just a loser suffering with no control or power over my own fucking life. For that I deserve the most blame.
None. There is nothing to blame other than my lack of adaptation to my surroundings.
All of the faggots like you who put all the blame on yourself are the most low iq niggers I have ever seen. Your moid brains cant handle not having power in all aspects of your life that when something happens outside of your control that affects you negatively; you still take it as personal responsibility. How about killing yourself already?
Idk I feel like it's either 0% or 100%. He gave me a stable family, let me have hobbies I wanted, had me live in a nice area and go to good (=white) schools. Then on the other hand he never tried to help me with my social life, rather trying to plant this idea of everyone being against you in some way, fucking up my chance of building actual friendships. Straight up feels like he tried to make me a fucking sigma male. I stopped listening to his opinions at 16 so I guess development after that is my fault, but I was already a sinking ship by then so can I really blame a 12 year old me for taking advice from the highest authority figure?
Your father was right, you retarded nigger. Be grateful. No wonder you are a loser kike on this board
My father cheated on my mother with a trailer whore when I was 5. He left shortly after and my mother got into a relationship with a ex-gang member drug dealer who used to tell me stories of slashing kids in the stomach with knives. He used to scare me because if he didn't smoke weed he'd get very angry. His primary income wasn't drug dealing, that was a side thing, first and foremost he was a construction worker. He set me up with my first job with his son, who was also a drug dealer and a very skilled construction worker. It's a strange relationship to be honest, he's like a surrogate father but also scares the shit out of me, especially when I was younger. I do blame my father for fucking up my family but I do take solace in his failure. 50 years old and one pay check away from tent shopping, doing night shift factory work.
My dad was a great father and it's not his fault that he didn't see the future and know that he was preparing me for a world that would no longer exist and would be completely destroyed by the time I grew up.
My dad is a great example of how NOT to raise a daughter
My parents when I got groomed at 16 by a middle aged man online: OMG SLUT HOW COULD THIS HAVE HAPPENED???
I don't know maybe because I was bullied at home and at school and had literally 0 male role models in my life and my own dad hated me
He noped out when I was four and I replaced him with the vidya. Then I found 4chan in 2004 and the rest is history. I guess I owe him a debt of thanks.
Most of it.
He can get fucked, hope to watch him die someday.
literally in the same boat as you, anon
Sounds like a based dad. When will you transition to being a man, femcel? Man did his job and procreated. Stop bitching and grow up
Almost 100%.
Are you certain he's your biological dad? Do you look like him? The way you're describing him acting is generally how men act towards children who aren't their own.
Well he wasn't my biological dad, but it was his responsibility to raise me. He took that on voluntarily.
Well, there you go. This is just how men act in most cases towards children who aren't their own. There's always this quiet disconnect and they are emotionally aloof throughout your entire life. I read about this in a book about an early fertility clinic and the children who were conceived from it. It's called the The Genius Factory and their non-biological dads acted almost invariably just how you're describing.
It's possible you give off a strong Lolita vibe that is continually screaming "I want to fuck older men!" and your dad kept you at arm's length as a means of dealing with your constant seduction attempts.
I can't really blame anyone. This is the only way I could have turned out given the circumstances
That's not fair, though. He shouldn't have taken on the role if he wasn't willing to step up.
And my bio dad refusing to acknowledge me or talk to me made me feel even worse. Why are moids like this?
Life isn't fair. Get used to it. At least you had a fucking dad. My mother made surr I didn't get a father figure and raised us to be cowards with no fuckong back bone. Also be glad the dude didn't abuse you like a good portion of step dads do. You lucked out and you have the audacity to bitch and complain. It's absolutely mind boggling.
Damn right and you are living proof of that.
You know there really is a huge difference between moms and dads. I had both, but my dad was gone often for work for long periods, so I got a disproportionate amount of influence from my mom. Women are natural cowards and they are extremely selfish. 
One of the most striking contrasts I experienced between being with my dad and my mom is once when I was with my dad and there was a car accident in front of us. He stopped everything and ran to help and got me to go with him and we ended up both pulling this injured man from a burning vehicle. It would've never gone like that if I was with my mother.
I didn't get shit like that at all. A lot of stuff I've had to learn I've had to do all by my fucking self and even then with the skills I have I can't function properly and unfortunate if men do not produce no one fucking cares. Society is more then happy to let us rot till we blow our brains out. No one is ever going to lend a hand out and help. At least if I had a dad to teach me to stand up for my fucking self I would at least not let life drag me down by the balls.
40(Father)/40(Mother)/20(Me).
