How often do you get angry
About twice a year if i am stressed out and run down, I am the true slow to anger
Similar
Frequently panicked but never angry
There needs to be a source for my anger and since I live pretty laid back now as a NEET I don't get as mad as I used to. I calmed down a bit. I remember having violent outbursts whenever I got angry.
rarely but it's only thanks to depression
High five !!
Good to see others that have control over anger, I see others getting angry over nothing and think, damn that is gonna help no one and make people uncomfortable.
Why do you guys think that tiger is so angry
it looks scared of the water
I wouldn't say it's angry, it's rather irritated. Anger for me is when you can't really control yourself anymore and only see red.
A few times a week. I've broken 3 phones in once year.
What's wrong with you? 
Chemical imbalance?
Chemical imbalance?
Yeah probably
because it's AI generated
tiger
The education system has failed.
Never. I get mildly frustrated, but never angry. Last time I got angry was like a year ago. 
I get sad, anxious, paranoid, etc. but never angry. It's a blessing for sure.
wouldn't even call it anger
I'm just fucked up and I realized all these things about it so I really try and control it you're just dealing with pure evil
I'm a mixture of all the time and not at all.
I was raised in a single mom household. Quite frankly I have issues way beyond that.
I get pissed, but because of my bitch-made lifestyle no thanks to her drug addled black fucking fake beaner ass (I shit you not she thinks she's Latina), I just build it in and analyze shit for later.
Just today a faggot decided to look at me and frown as though he saw a fucking alien.
I was close to making a scene, but unfortunately, I didn't.
Fuck the land I was raised on, fuck my family, and fuck myself for not taking myself out sooner. I don't care if I got any job prospects at this point, god teased a carrot in front of me as I, a retarded rabid rabbit, chased after it.
TLDR existence is suffering so yeah.
I get stressed or frustrated often but basically never actually angry
Almost everyday, honestly. I'm not having an outburst but I often find myself in a situation when I raise my voice when I talk to someone whose annoying me. Never really thought that I have an anger issue but this thread really got me thinking...
probably like once or twice a day
visibly, though? never
at home I'm usually chill but work's been pissing me off I throw shit around and cuss under my breath
Like every fucking day, because I hate my family, and they have no lives and never seem to go anywhere other than work/school
 Like why tf are you always home
I am angry at myself and others basically every day. I just keep it bottled up and don't let it out.
I don't really get angry, if anything I freak out and panic in certain situations but very rarely will I actually get angry.
The last time I got genuinely angry was when my friend manipulated our autistic friend into buying him a new phone. Autistic friend is a cool dude but people took advantage of his kindness far too much in my opinion, he really wanted the money back for the phone but friend told him it was actually a gift and he appreciates it, expecting him to say "yeah that's fine" and was too intimidated to ask for his money back. I just blew up at the phone friend out of nowhere and dragged him to the bank to pay back kind autistic friend. He got his money back and his face went from shock and fear to immediate happiness whilst phone friend was seething. That was like 9 years ago and I've never been anywhere close to that level of anger since.
How do anons on here cope with anger? For me it is doing burpees for an hour a day.
