Repeating your routine in another thread edition.
this is a transgender male who posts on /pol/
he sucked off his mates playing FIFA
You know this because he said smelly bedroom? You have a brain disease lad
What the fuck are you on about? You're confusing me with someone else. Take your meds.
What do you lads like to order from waccies? I haven't had it for a few months because last time I ate some I had a panic attack lmao
Im the dickhead but i never blew my mates playing FIFA 
okay BROOO
Just burger and chips, nothing too crazy!
You gobbed your mates dick over the PS3 shut the fuck up nigger
they put those posters up to deter him from filming. he'll never give up that easily. they've got photos of his wife. real sinister company that induction pipe bending.
https://youtu.be/vmVY9MCQvXg [Embed]
now they're going to be getting the mass audits for sure.
Me lads? Been playing Gran Turismo 5 that I picked up in CEX recently
What games are you lot currently playing?
Corr my mateys willy while playing FIFA tbdesu
consequences? to my actions? noooo you can't do that
cover reprinted
and that's why I never buy shit from cex
i never blew my mates playing FIFA
That sounds gayer than you intended, unless you sucked them off?
One of these posters is a troon btw 
you are talking to a man dressing as a woman
Imagine someone spending the time to find out more about you and then using that information to intimidate you. It's fucking wrong. This company needs to go. Their reputation is gonna tank after this.
tony hawks 1+2 remaster
Nah im not gay lad this fucking tranny poster tried dissing me off and HE (MALE) posts on here 100%
What makes you think it's him?
I wouldn't even sell my shit to cex. I'd just give it to charity.
thats what he said he blew his mates playing Pro Evo same shit
Oh aye, just like mamma used to make for pappa for when he got back from t'pit.
Publicly available info lad.
You sound like a brainlet
Got a winkies for din dins if that's alright with you de leeeeeeds x
Another microwave meal is it my lad? You're fooling no one
I wake up and post bbc cuckolding porn here
You don't get a crispy pud from a microwave lad.
Having a wurger king for din dins if that's alright with you de leeds?
straight out the microwave
grim!
Din din for me? Beans on toast, with some grated cheddar on top. And a cup of coffee.
OMG you figured out im the tranny poster 
take your MEDS
fucking pathetic
YWNBAW
Is this still just based off someone saying "smelly bedroom"?
OKAYY lad you will STILL not ae womane on SCOTANDLE
Have fun chatting with a man with a penis pretending he is a fucking biological woman 
absolute shitshow
Black thumb on the left hand side of the spacker tray. Carer?
Black man asked me to cuckold him once. What a strange fella
That looks like his dogs bed
Sounds comfy af.
Whatcha drinking/smoking?
seasideMARK chicken and garlic wellington for me my lad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HrNPILNSmc [Embed]
No cheap microwave meals for him my leed
watcha think
Sitting here watching some american college basketball. Watching up and coming players make some rookie mistakes and learn from it is far more entertaining than watching anything the NBA shits out.
I'm defragmenting my D: drive
who still uses mechanical drives in 2023
Not him but, him? They're cheaper, so some still use them.
cheap for data storage
All by yourself 
As always
are gloryholes safe?
im worried if I stuck my dick in one the person on the other side might bite or try to cut it off or something
At least he leaves his smelly boxroom. Try it sometime
don't do it lid good way to lose your willy
For me its not about safety, but where the hell do you find them?
apparently some sex toy shops have them in the toilets
Sounds like incel terrorism to me
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-cornwall-65441538
britfeel is so fucking dead
What did you boys do today? Me? Went to the beach, got some pretty excellent rocks, enjoyed the vastness
The pretty rocks (and bonus shell)
lovely rocks those like
Go to /brit/ if you want 100 posts a minute
Did fuck all really. Hungover as fuck. Helped my dad do some things in the garden though. Couldn't let him do everything himself. 
I haven't been to the beach in years, but I'd like to go at some point soon. I live in a coastal city and used to go all the time as a wee lad. Good times were had.
Cheers lad am quite happy with them like. Need to collect some more and finally use my rock tumbler. One thing I didn't realise about tumblers is that you have to leave them on for fucking weeks to get crazy cool looking rocks at the end, but I guess considering they're effectively speeding up millions of years of erosion and polishing it's fair enough really. 
Brutal as fuck that is lad, you need a spliff and a few cans of diet coke and maybe some rocket lollies too, that's sort you right out. Get yourself to the coast lad, the air genuinely fucking blows the ald cowbwebs away
hasselbacks your potatoes
https://lichess.org/aXuq6o8S
The womf is engulfing me
What happen? I've been away for a while
*shits kegs* i've done you
That's the world famous /britfeel/'s dead anon. The correct response is, is brit better?
I like pretending that this is Daisy Ridley by using my imagination
grim. why do you watch other people fucking women?
SCEA has been arrested at a nightclub in Leeds
Do you not know what porn is?
Wumpa Posse keeping Feel Street safe from the Seethies
Fucking hell, it'll be May in a few hours
Fucking hell, who gives a fucking shit
Can't believe i've been here for years but i can't find a cute lad to dress up in girl's clothes and sit on my lap
I didn't overeat too much today. So I'd say I've earned this apple pie.
I am seriously loving this ASMR qt's content lately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U93Ber0z7u0 [Embed]
SELBY JUST MADE THE 147!!!
I'm rooting for Brecel but fuck that was good!
Currently on my own drinking in the streets of central London. I wouldn't call it low, but it feels a bit low
Stratford? That's a nice place to drink.
My local mcdonalds
L Y N D O N
Y
N
D
O
N
Nah offie lad. No fucking way would I ever go there unless I was forced to. By piccadilly
I've got a problem. I'm very demanding with people's company. When I want to meet with friends etc, and if they say they're busy it'll infuriate me. Like as if I deserve their time. My parents were loving and always had time for me as a kid, even now. Where does this come from? Come on - someone diagnose me
It isn't a low, a low would be bragging about eating a Burger King all by yourself. You do at least show some self-awareness so that's fine.
What is there to be optimistic about? What is there to look forward to?
It's my birthday soon :)
Just called the police to report a vagrant drinking in public and pissing himself by piccadilly tee-hee
36 years old eh, doesn't time fly
Poached eggs for brekky, quick trip to Tesco for beers and BBQ stuff for tomorrow (weather permitting), took the dog out for a long walk near beachy head, 
poked some sealife in the rockpools, didn't hurl myself off the cliffs, quick pint in cuckmere on the way home, had some arancini for dinner and played a couple of games o ticket to ride while watching the garbage film buddy games. Now having a nice whiskey before bed. Thoroughly nice Sunday, looking forward to whatever tomorrow brings me.
Will be my 24th rotation round the sun
gf left one of her worn socks at my place
time to sniff lads
That sounds like a grand old day, well done.
What are the lads up to for the coronation next week? There's a street party on my road so might check that out, however it was a particularly grim affair on the jubilee last year, flamboyantly gay teenager running children's games while the gammons drank cans of stella. Apparently there's one about 10 mins walk from me that has a DJ, so probably a less depressing bet, but likely I won't bother with either.
Had a disaster of a holiday in the south of France lads. My girlfriend found out I wanked off a French bloke I work with. She lost her mind and flew back to London.
Vidya for me. Keeps me going.
How is your petit ami though?
Got that night time shower cause Mum's away for a few days.
Mark's 147 in the final
Tins
Night shower
It's a good day to be alive.
No one has ever given me good advice. Everything anyone has ever tried to give me advice, it has either been in their interests and not mine, or neutral to them but still negative to me
My advice would be to ask better people for advice.
Morettis is it?
Bakhmut has been taken by the Russians
Just in fucking tears
what would you like advice on? Let's hear it.
Carlsberg this time, sorry mate. I'll think of sticking to script next time. I just saw a good offer.
Apologise for spamming the thread
She is livid and thinks I took her to France as a cruel jibe but its just a coincidence that hes French
That's what happenes when you ask literal dossers here for advice.
Fuck. FUCK. I posted two touching posts... I'm sorry that at that particular moment I spammed the thread.
I'm sorry for spamming the thread.
I'm in a bad mental place ever since the gf had her nervous breakdown
Shit feels unreal 
Here i thought i had found the bitch i'd spend the rest of my life and have some kids with, and then she just goes and takes a massive shit all over it after our 2nd meet
For NO FUCKING CLEARLY DISCERNIBLE REASON to boot
I fucking hate women so much, while simultaneously requiring them for both procreation as well as shared intimacy
I don't mean here. I mean IRL
Had a few wints at the local now relaxing with a few wopparbergs and listening to choons. Cheers x
How could he mean here? You a mong?
based helper have a good one de lid
What lager do you like to have at the pub? I'm assuming you don't get your VKs and that when you're with the lads
Thought this was SIC for a minute
Foster's, it's the 3.80 in my local.
*CLANG*
ALL'S WELL
*CLANG*
ALL'S WELL
Thought this was SIC for a minute
Fuck off back to /brit/
I remember getting a pint of tuborg with a burger and chips for 4 quid at wetherspoons
He doesnt post on Brit
I was on the warlings tonight de lid.
He doesn't post here anymore, does he?
Uh not getting attention on /brit/ with muh mousenonce posts and uh rorke posts, battling the imaginary posters. So he's back here looking for imaginary personality posts. 
Fucking hell, the same routine in both threads.
Is it good? Does the PS3 have analog triggers for acceleration and braking?
The game disc is the important bit. 2.50 is pretty damn good. It's crazy how much video games reduce in price over time.
I picked up copies of Halo 1 and Halo 2 for Xbox from CES a couple years ago, I think they cost 50p each, or maybe Halo 2 was 75p, can't remember. But still, what a fucking bargain. I played them on my Xbox 360.
Ukraine were claiming they still have some of it, as of 3 hours ago
https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/ukraine-says-it-still-holds-parts-bakhmut-russia-reports-progress-2023-04-30/
Seven days in the sun...
Yeah
SHE'S MY HEAVEN
SHE'S A SPARK, YEAYEAH
FEELS LIKE HEAVEN
SO LIGHT ME UP
It's time Helperspastic, do your predictable NNM routine you grim faggot
*CLANG CLANG*
It officially NNM now de lids. No more wuttingtons for me x
May 2023
Fucking hell lad, you've been done
It is now 1/3 of the way through the 2020s
On point
Talking about cooming is highly unwomfy. You're not womfy one bit.
listening to vampire weekend first album. quote nostalgic. not sure why. wasnt my most favourite album ever. guess just reminds me of what life used to be like with its kind of sentimental but preppy university vibe.
ready to start spamming the thread with your fetish images and telling us you haven't wanked until you do wank and then telling us you've wanked, king.
Wumpa Posse putting the Non-Fren HHL in his place.
What are some reliable online hustles that could make you earn passive income that are not scams or something like that? I'm not asking for much. I could be happy if I could earn 1K a month doing side hustles.
What online hustles are you working on?
ruw94ru438
April 2023 has become the first month since poley's internet ban was lifted in 2016, that he hasn't made a single blogpost
sell dirty underwear and pictures of your feet to footlad
*SNIFFFFFSSS*
Big Coom
Big Love xx
Stinky Feets
On me last wopparberg now.
corr any videos of her getting her fanny ploughed?
So how exactly do i convince a cute lad to dress like a girl for me?
Fockin ell all these [redacted] have [redacted] in them
I really got exceptionally lucky after all these years apparently 
But still, there must have been a reason for it happening now of all time frames
Must be cornish, guessing by the geology
Carls or Kronen?
Before I pressed enter I realised it was Koppa, silly me.
https://youtu.be/zlwQVZUTdJA [Embed]
beautiful video
woulsnt mind a chink housewife meself
Alri Offielid. I feel like having more wooze me but I have none left.
why dont you garn garage my wid. not too latw
how many you had.
Fellas, I'm absolutely fuming. Was supposed to meet my best mate for drinks but he ignored all night so I spent hours waiting around the area for him, only for him for grace with me a text acting ignorant to it even though I texted him and gave him 10 missed calls which I know he got.
My new girlfriend (very new) lives near by and didn't text me for hours and then then went to bed after I told her the situation - obviously didn't vent too much, but man am I fucking fuming. I'm known by everyone I know as the chill cool dude who takes everything in stride and as a result no one truly considers my feelings. It's horrible and I'm so upset I feel like I could cry. Holy shit
2 of my ex gfs are lesbians together now
My garage is only a 15 minute walk from me. 
Shoutout the Indian man from the Canterbury Rontec who would serve my lads when the pubs closed.
^picrec, it's the actual one I frequented. 
SFSTD
lads, lads. i just took a smelly shit
Nah fuck that just more money down the swanny. Garn beddingtons soon me.
Beddington then, there's always a bus that goes there.
You need it! Snooker final on tommorow.
Looks like this other 23yo zoomer bird is definitely down to shag 
She's probably got a couple pounds more judging from her fat angle shot profile pic, but i do not care for it 
Gonna explore this one further and see if she's really as receptive for BWC as she's letting on
Came very close to messaging me mates there to see if I could get a house sesh going but fuck it. Would only end up doing me wollocks in. Just wish I had a few more cans. Oh well.
me mates
normie
She recently turned 23.
Garn lid night's still young.
I sleep in a cheap king size bed, cos that's what my landlord left me, and it'd be awkward to bring anything else up the stairs. For two years it's been fine. But lately I keep having dreams about holding someone as I fall asleep. Cuddles and all that, their arm draped over my chest, a head in the crook of my shoulder, their leg resting over mine. It's nice, and as I wake up I can almost feel their soft skin against my hands, the weight of their body against mine, but then the illusion drifts away from me and I'm alone, and my eyes adjust to the off-white paint on the ceiling, and all I can hear is the sound of passing cars.
This is how my current relationship started, we are due to be engaged this summer.
Weight can be lost (on both sides), bad looks cost cash to fix.
Hope it goes well fellow chad
Bit ironic that the bipolar gold-digging whore gf drove me into infidelity with her shit now
When i was assuring her that i'm not cheating she wouldn't buy it, now she's had one nervous breakdown too many and i actually dgaf anymore about being "faithful" or any such memery
Truth be told she's probably been fucking at least 3 guys or so on the side while seeing me too
Like LOL, no way in fucking hell is her actual body count three guys like she's been claiming. Her pussy is roasted-out as well and shit, defo gonna do at least one HIV test down the line too/pretty soon
Soundspacker is a cuck lol
the illusion drifts away from me and I'm alone, and my eyes adjust to the off-white paint on the ceiling, and all I can hear is the sound of passing cars.
fuck off. fuck off
Time to drop the trip and spam, cunt.
that one got me too. Didn't wanna comment on it.
Think i'll wrap it up for today soonish too, tomorrow i'll take it womfy and slow again
I wake up to this as a reality in a super king worth 3k or so. Feels go bro, you too can attain it
However, the grass is always greener on the other side.
lost my pip last month
Can't be a complete dosser now. Savage.
The absolute state of these new officers. Already think they can push people around. Scum.
https://youtu.be/NCGGGTCBjUk [Embed]
king size bed
Get a load of the Duke over here, writing the saddest post I've ever read
*CLANG*
The beast has been a-stirred!
*CLANG*
Times of comfort are over!
*CLANG*
Ready yourself for auditspam and whinging!
*CLANG*
who playing
why are you talking to soundspacker as of he were some kind of reasonable non-spastic human being?
why dont you just break up with her you P.O.S retard
Why is NI so boring bros
I wish I had r9k friends here to play vidya and smoke weed with...
That are not 50 year old gruff footie lovin bears or a smick
Everyone I know fits one of these male or female and it sucksss
Nah I'm taking it easy mate.
Garn sleepingtons now. Me sleepy. Night lids x
New week, same old dosser life
Mark "The Jester from Liester" Selby and Luca "The Belgian Bullet" Brecel. 
Brecel who WAS losing 14-5 in the semi won an absolutely incredible 11 frames in a row! Absoluteley unheard of in this level of play. 
He was up against a 20 year old Chinese superstar new player who gave up his life in his home country to live in Sheffield.
LADS WAKE THE FUCK UP RUSIA JUST NUKED KIEV!!!!!!
VIVE LA FRANCE
Spread the revolution
Thrive unconditionally
Lets collectively repent to Germany for what we did to them in WW1 and WW2
We can admit we couldve done things differently and war couldve been entirely averted and everyone couldve been saved
We couldve also made it all far less bad, we are as responsible for the genocide because we tormented the Germans and they were basically just surviving 
I do not condemn wolves for fighting anything and anyone when things could be infinitely better and they do not see many options
Spackers.
I don't want to rent, and flats are very expensive (especially if you avoid leasehold and shared ownership scams), and I'm perfectly happy with my crappy car. My hobbies are cheap and I've no interest in travel. I can't think of a single reason to get a job. I really wish I could afford to buy a home.
Alright small cheeky brekkie then i'm off to beddingtons probably, slowly but surely
SSM. Slutty single mums.
Same. You can only afford rent these days if you have a partner. I'm an incel so that's out of the question. I don't want to share with a roommate. I need my privacy. If all housing was under control of the government we wouldn't have this housing crisis.
who did brecel beat? that young chink?
kek have a bad habit of replying when havent even read whole post
Signed up for tiktok. All I got was single mums with their frizzy haired mixed kids, prime jokes, school girls wearing whore makeup in their uniform, police chases and generally a whole load of underclass mongs with tattoos on their faces. Uninstalled that shit.
When did HHL last wank?
Because that thread is dead, I will reply here.
Get out and you'll make some friends.
Normies, gtfo my board, reeeeee.
The truth is out there. He's unstoppable.
kek they rolled the shutters back down
https://youtu.be/vmVY9MCQvXg?t=1532 [Embed]
so what hare you lads up to today?
are not hare
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
your food is disgusting
I need smelly fat youtuber updates!!!!!
Wonder what she's up to this bank holiday.
Might go to Dorset.
Taking a tour round an historic megalithic monument?
3 ciders and half a bottle of vodka and it not even 9am lmao
Raspberry bush is looking splendid, it even has a new cane growing.
Noice/10
What's everybody got planned for compost day? I'll be buying compost, as is the tradition on compost day.
Not for 4 weeks m8
I should have waited, it was quite wet last night, and it's not overly warm. Oh well, I'll save that in the lessons learned folder.
ALRI lads I just had a massive morning wank to tallgoddessgaia and her big muscly 6 foot 1 body god I loved it every bit. I just want Gaia to use me like a toy. 
anyway have a good day cunts x
Quite looking forward to China being a dominant superpower in the latter half of the century
Spot o wondering, then it's compost time.
Todays wonderment,
https://1bd9723bc8b0724b89d9-3657cf458561592fd0c7e3ec3895a19d.ssl.cf5.rackcdn.com/11_ancient_magic_052411.pdf
Picnotrel.
I'll never leave the house. I just wait for the day to end and sleep again. I think it's going to be this way until I die. I can't beat this.
wob centre appointment at 9:25am tomorrow lids
last time I was at the wob centre appointment was like 17th march, missed an appointment and they basically just forgot about me for a month haha
it not great as they tyrants will come down hard on me as usual but I gotta be strong and tell them "no i haven't got a job yet. can i leave already?"
get in lads had Weetabix two crumpets an acitivia yogurt and a coffee reckon I will have a bloody ansum turd come out soon
right yeah mate haha yea she goes innit 
leaves house and enjoys the fresh air 
grabs a bacon roll and flirts with the cute cashier 
walks around avin fun 
noob
Not that easy for us shutins.
Nah she's probably doing some bank holiday shopping and popping into Sainsbury's. Weirdo.
corr lot of butt cheeks hanging out in blackpool
https://youtu.be/DZnDf5R82Z0?t=208 [Embed]
I want to go out more often and do normie things but ever since I started rapidly balding like pic related I just don't bother
shouldn't have had all that wine last night desu
I'm not balding but it doesn't matter anyway. No one is interested in us. So I stay in my own little world with my vidya.
true
us shut in freaks are alone, job centre don't care about us and whatever family usuallt just ignore us and let us do what we want which is stay in all day and play video games and browse the internet then go to sleep
a hard cycle to break, I've even started not even going to dentist appointments or eye checkups anymore. just cannot be arsed
She'll be going to Waitrose York probably today.
Same but I can't even be arsed to get me free neetbucks. If only I could just get it without leaving the house.
Can't even make an account to start my benefits claim. I've always used racist things for security questions. That's what I can remember most.
Not him but, you need to find a trustworthy homeless person (not from your city or town), and get them to go and pretend to be you. Get a spy kit, get them to wear the glasses with a camera, and an ear piece, then you can instruct them on what to say.
Did anyone solve Goddess Molly's Outlook issue?
I've always used racist things for security questions.
You look like this, don't you?
Yes, she'd forgot to open the curtains, so couldn't see.
Unironically yes. I didn't think they could see your security questions. I use password managers so hate it when security questions are required.
I saw that. She deleted hundreds of emails by mistake so will never see my mail
What's your issues with chuds m8?
Weird looking bloke.
Seemed to me she just couldn't send because the other person's mailbox was full. That would be my first guess if this were a ticket in my job anyway.
lol
I'm a chud, hold far right political beliefs, and I'm racist and misogynistic. Not ashamed of that at all
I can't breed
Ironic considering those with anti-chud beliefs have a fertility rate of like 0.5
buy kane and lynch 2 gameplay is shite but it has the best aesthetic of any game I've played
When LSFPL fails to solve her IT issue
Pakis and wogs have ruined this country
Maybe you should stop seething over other races and maybe you'll do better in life
Being a shut-in racist is just a waste of time
Non-racists actually have children, while shut-in racists have none, because they never leave their smelly bedrooms.
Racists tend to have more children than non Racists, and the more extreme your beliefs the more you're likely to have.
On the far left end of the scale everyone believes its immoral to have children due to climate change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PAIEsi0GdQ&amp;t=145s [Embed]
Does she always look confused?
Had a full on rage at my best mate last night. He's turning into a right pathetic little weasel. I love him but goddamn him
Everyone I know who has children is not racist
Every shut-in racist on 4chan has none
Nah she's just tryna look all creeped out I reckon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sbbn22P5bcc [Embed]
Why? does he post on /britfeel/ or something?
He's just turned incredibly weird and unreliable, a proper shut in and needs everyone to do everything for him. He has no ambition to do anything. I'd cut him out my life but I don't have anyone else really
Everyone I know that has 4+ children is racist. There are loads of shut in racists on 4chan with children, although you tend to find them more on /pol/ than /r9k/
He really doesn't like chuds, they wind him up good and proper
Wish I was as happy as SSM
Your fantasies aren't real, you know that right?
Everyone I know in real life with children isn't racist. And every racist I come across is a shut-in 4chan poster.
that has 4+ children is racist
The local 'just don't like em' chav family doesn't count lad
Astronomical cope here
The local 'just don't like em' chav family doesn't count lad
Why not?
I wrote the first post you linked to
It's not cope, it's true. I know multiple people in real life with children, and none of them are racist. The only racists I come across are the shut-in incels on 4chan, who obviously have no children.
Because he's thinking of the le epic blood and soil families
My best mate is similar. He is very negative, unsupportive, glass half-empty sort. but we've been friends all our lives and he's this way because he is hurting. I don't want to cut him off but damn does he drag me down sometimes. Plus, same as you I have no one else so I'd be completely alone most days without him.
Sounds almost identical. He's mad at the world for not having a job, he's been out of his masters since September and had no bites from interviews - but that's normal. It took me a whole year to find a job after my previous one and that was intense applying etc. He also ignores my messages when I know he's on his phone, they're only simple requests to get him out the house. And another thing is that he has all these girls interested in him but he's pushing them away because he thinks he worthless. It's fucking stupid. He needs to get a fucking grip of himself. He's older than me too
I hope he sorts himself out sounds like he has a lot of potential. I was in a similar place myself until I got a decent job after uni, it took me a while to find it though. Having a purpose in life and feeling valued is honestly one of the most important things. Sometimes it takes reaching rock bottom (or close to) to wake up and feel the need to continue fighting for a better life. I believe it can be done no matter where you're at in life.
You're right. I was in a similar situation to he is now a year ago. I was at my lowest point and cut contact with friends because I felt worthless. Now I'm working, got a girlfriend and feeling like a bloomer. I my friend who listen to my advice
Stephanie must be in her mid thirties by now, I wonder if she'd still wear that pink wig for me?
Anyone wanna see my dog???
we get to watch Gibi in 4K now
Corr wanks are 4 times better 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=739CZnQIyFY [Embed]
That's good to hear lad, I'm glad things have worked out well for you. I am not where I want to be in life but am not giving up. I know happiness IS achievable. I just have to keep striving for it.
Absolutely mental this lads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyua-JYSxpk [Embed]
Mark spent 1300 of 1700 of savings lads
https://youtu.be/-ZgYFVK475k?t=1688 [Embed]
must be all that simping for 'elen
spending 500 quid on her next week. lucky bird
I dunno, I think it could be the confusion of mirrored/flipped images and the concept of perception.
Why does he have so much money now?
stopped gambling.
seasideMARK steak and oinons all the way may be 1 beer dee lads 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOalyfCMBKQ [Embed]
seasideMARK will be doing hard graft tomorrow. He work for free if that's alright with you de lad?
Sex with 'elen
Wishing you the best my lad. I do quite treasure these brief moments of sincerity on britfeel
More stupidity from Goons4Hire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EYhiwkVaFQ [Embed]
Typical pigs getting so overexcited over some cameras. Bored out of their fucking minds. It's all fun and games to them.
G4 fucking stupid. 999 for public photography. Ridiculous jobsworth.
Her eggs will be expiring soon. Very sad times.
Yep, dog pics.
Praise to the compost gods for providing such abundance of this compost crop.
Not weird enough to have a wife and child, though.
Is this the end for DJ? I think not.
Remember a couple of years ago there was all this hullabaloo about a lot of stabbings in London. 
Has that gone down now after covid or has the news just moved onto other shite? 
Anyone here from London?
From London, it's still really bad. It's mostly (basically all) kids killing other kids. Can't tell you why exactly, but I would guess that it's a mixture of the fact the kids have nothing to do, workwise or socially, a culture of drill music (poor scapegoat imo) and that these kids are so miserable, have no futures and so just live their lives on a knifeedge
Why are tickets so damn expensive?
WrassIin?
Mostly black youths or white youths as well?
Limited supply and high demand. 
What else could it be you fucking retard.
Yeah, the show is taking place is fucking Wembley, there are 90000 seats and less than 10% will have a good view
Why you doxxing are DJ mate?
Nothing to do socially
unemployed 
Enjoy a bit of drill music 
????
Decide to go stab someone 
Think I am missing a few steps there lad.
Mostly black, some white (poor kids)
Like I said bro I can't explain it all, just can guess at it
It's obviously blacks. I'm sure you can cherrypick white examples, but it's overwhelmingly black. Very little to do with 'no opportunities' and excuses like that. Its because blacks are genetically more inclined to violence
Does that mean whites are also genetically more inclined to be paedophiles?
Probably, given how rife it is here
What you thinking, pp4 or p5?
I'm not, it's just a photo. This was the pic on those posters I think. Some troll must've sent an email to the company saying more of them are coming and gave them info on him. Said if you put the posters up it will make it very difficult to film.
he's got a brand new car
looks like a jaguar
it's got leather seats
it's got a cd
PLAYER PLAYER PLAYER PLAYER PLAYER PLAYER
Am I gonna be in trouble?
GDPR does not apply to me. I'm a member of the public posting on an American site.
Giant Dosser Proper Recluse?
I think I have that.
BritNormie's cousin has a YouTube channel called 'Dundeeano" about his life on the newbuild 'Dykes of Grey' estate, and his job as manager of Landmark health and fitness. He also shares tips on minor repairs to his Audi A5 sportback, saving viewers from rip-off dealship bills.
We all dossers at heart.
https://youtu.be/7cqHtGb9WYM [Embed]
Tune for the chaps
I wish more adverts contained BFWM couples. I'd be more inclined to buy their products
pic unrelated
Any good film recs lads?
Any good film recs lads?
Ladder 49
oo I'm cross
Had a comfy long walk along the river, lots of cute women out and about as well
Just got up and straight on that wuppagrind.
It NNM day 1.
that's not real is it lad?
Watched 24 Hour Party People last night. Pretty good film.
Got plumbers in the house fitting central heating
Making a right bloody mess they are
Good to see you're getting some exercise LSFPL
P6 looks like the only decent value
Thanks I am gonna try really hard to exercise each day and eat less junk. I watched a good video on energy drinks and what they do to the body and it scared me straight! no more Monster for me lids
afternoon you lot how we feeling about this week coming? 
cheers x
be living in the UK
art hoes are into fucking surface level normie shit like the stuff on Dirty Hit records etc.
scroll through instagram/spotify accounts of random art hoes from the USA
they listen to the same normie stuff
BUT there's also a shitton of hardcore, internet rap, death metal, vaporwave, skramz etc mixed in with the normie industry plant stuff
wtf???
Should I move to USA/Canada to cash out and get a gf with based music taste?
I want FBR to procreate
Would you be their arse slave?
Yes fat Latinas are my fetish
Do I have to watch Ladders 1-48 first?
Ukraine got tactical nuked last night
https://t.me/intelslava/47325
Blacks and Asians, get out of my country now.
you don't like blasians?
my country
alright king Charles
ssm comes into come money
immediately spends it on gadgets and books a holiday
complains he has hardly any money left and money doesn't last long
He needs a manager
I'm in my early 20s and have just started touching grass
what route should I take to socialmaxx?
go back to uni solely to make friends
move to a big city full of young people and make frens though hobbies/events/gigs/nights out
backpack through SEA or Latin America, make friends with zoomer locals, travel through countries on a motorbike
I'm leaning towards options 2 and 3 but I have this massive paranoia/FOMO about not being able to meet long lasting friends or get a GF unless I'm in a university 
Is uni really worth it for the social aspect if I'm in a city full of young people where events related to my interests are constantly happening?
I am a big fan of Amerie actually, but she's not in my country, so she's alright
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZA3n-KUe3j0 [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbqVg_23otg [Embed]
It's hard being an auditor
for me? it's Why Don't We Fall In Love
those dead eyes
Phwoarr proper good sleep this was
Only heard two loud slams bleed thru (within a span of 5 minutes) from the unemployed schizoid spastic boomer too earlier
I remember my uni kid phase
immediately spends it on gadgets and books a holiday
At least he has something to show for his money when he does that. Unironically better than wasting it on the bookies and wooze.
wdym de lid?
My plan for a better Britain
Leave NATO, use our troops for Britain
Segregated schools for those that want them
Higher pensions for those with 4 children
Road tax to be ringfenced for road maintenance
Discourage cycling, issue free rail/bus passes for those that scrap their bike
Restore pride in our children, sing the national anthem every day in school
Better cartography, put Britain on the map
Does she pass lids?
5 o clock shadow
No he doesn't
Just want Footlads BBW sister to sit on my face until I pass out
Used to be into indie music a few years ago but just more or less stopped. Had an art hoe gf
Why arent you on TikTok?
second computer monitor always start up in a bright colour scheme and static
Think PC is about to become kill lads
Sounds pretty shit and gay to be honest
what the fuck is her probIem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&amp;v=S5_YiVgd5wY [Embed]
Restore pride in our children, sing the national anthem every day in school
Not until the national anthem is replaced with something better. For me, it's Land of Hope and Glory.
Include leave the UN and we'll be talking
Jersualem, the de facto English national anthem, is the best there is imo. Haunting.
What underwear do you lads wear? I wear exclusively Calvin klein because they're always good quality - had pairs since I was 16 and I'm 24 now that are still in top shape. 44 quid for a 3 pack though. Worth the investment I'd say. It's a shame other clothing companies like Next have the name on the waistbands like that. The CKs I have only have one CK
not kidding when I say I havent worn underwear for about 5 years
What's that like? Like in jeans and things
ah I see
is it worth the hype? Are the 4chan horror stories true?
https://youtu.be/2AYWNv4dyCA [Embed]
HIS LIFE SO MUCH BETTER GAMBLE FREE
He done stopped the gambling. He gone thirteen years ten weeks no gambling. People say how did he stop? End of the day, gambling is a mugs game and you have have a shit life. You end up losing your relationships and family and children but SSM got no family no children. His darkest days of gambling in the past now he moved forward, he doesn't live that side of life now.
He'd rather spent that 50 quid at Curtis Butchers and get some top quality food. Best cider for him. He'd rather go pub and save money from gambling so he can go get a trekkie brekkie.
His life so much better gamble free. He an inspiration to so may fucking people. Just love SeasideMark. He's changed my life. He help me make right choices in life. It's a lovely. It's you that's need to stop. All the counselling and support is good in a way but YOU have got to STOP. Oh he so wise. Its a lovely.
Phwoaaaar
https://files.catbox.moe/6ggyru.mp4
Another angle of the big boom in Ukraine last night
https://files.catbox.moe/mdpcml.mp4
She introduced me to great experiences but she was super moody because she was always smoking weed and just generally a very messy person. Haven't seen her in years and spoken to her very briefly since then but if I saw her I think I'd like that and we'd be very friendly. Not like my most recent ex, I thought I ended it on good terms and now I think she hates me
feels normal. i just find underwear uncomfortable
My vision for a more aesthetic Britain
Tear down all tower blocks
Prohibit the use of concrete in construction
Use stone and red brick in buildings
Hire traditional architects to commission major national monuments
Big fines for house builders like persimmon and barrett
Nationalise Farrow and Ball so homeowners can afford good decor
How the fuck do I stop my Apu from pledging allegiance to the future King of England? Several times I've caught him front of the telly watching BBC News and as many times have had to grasp him and pull him away. I don't want my fren to become a royal retainer.
yeah that sounds p accurate
Had a discussion with a black bloke recently about how brixton has been gentrified
No we need more commie highrises for cheaper housing. Not everyone wants a garden. Until then I refuse to work knowing I can't get on the housing market even with a full time wagie job.
Not everyone wants a garden
not everyone wants to own property either, which is why landlords are important to society
Just want SSM to impregnate Helen
I'd like to see this arc develop too
It's hard indeed. Tyrants will find ways to trick you and get your arrested.
He may only be 4ft but he does not need to take directives. He can move out of the way if a car needs to come through. He's not a child. This is a grown man exercising his rights to film in public.
https://youtu.be/n6M7PAXhyEg [Embed]
Another fat pig not taking his concerns seriously.
https://youtu.be/JTpBy1twovw [Embed]
Everyone should have a garden AND an affordable home. Shouldn't need to start out in a commieblock.
So many WPCs covered in tattoos now
Officers should be forced to wear long sleeves if they have tattoos. Policing is no longer about being presentable. Any simpleton can be a police officer nowadays.
women say they can smell piss stains on men wearing no underwear
The staff were ignoring them. That's the best way to deal with people filming you. Having lots of intimidating men masked up turn up to your workplace must be a strange thing.
Got stood up by my mate last night. Fucking laid into him and now he's ignoring me. Should I apologise?
Should I apologise?
Yes
DJ was born in 1983. That makes him 40 years old. You're never too old for auditing.
UKMTT is in his 60s and PJ is in his 70s
I'd say most of them are over 35. Young people don't have this much anger in them.
Garn cop some lunch now me i fink
Remember when lads used to be urban explorers? Now they go about winding hard working people up for views.
The guitar threads on /mu/ are the worst on this entire site
Copped a laffingham from these lyrics thanks mate
Now that his CBO is lifted, he's back on the audits.
Time to get womfy. Snacks
tattoo epidemic has gone out of control imo. 96% of them are fucking awful
is that soundspacker and his mail order prostitute gf?
epidemic
Bit dramatic lad
Before putting any clothing on I tucked my penis, it wasn't difficult, I used regular sellotape instead of medical or duct tape. My outfit consisted of an orange/red down jacket, great sweater with pink trim, black t-shirt, dark blue ankle jeans and white trainers. I felt good about myself and I was proud of how flat my front was. I listened at my door and timed my run to leave the house without anyone seeing me.
is it possible to live a nigger free life anywhere in the UK or has that ship sailed
I reckon laurel dreams craves bbc.
Me? Watching Wuton vs Blackburn. Had some chicken tendies for din dins. Cheers x
This warehouse team leader was screaming and hissing at me so i ignored him then he started touching my arm and smashed the conveyer belt so I stared at him and told him to fuck off. The permanent workers called the manager (some tiny woman) and he turned into a little boy and whined about me to her so I told him to shut up then the managers voice tone turned into a little high pitched girl and they both couldn't look at me
Got fired the next day for swearing but I was just too alpha for an agency worker
on the phone with sandra about sean's weight atm, reckon we need to put him on some kind of diet
does soundspacker live in leeds?
good to see the usual losers around tonight
actually going to bed soon i am, work at 5 am tomorrow
I've been up a long time and shall be headed to bedinghamshire soon. I sleep whenever I want. I am not made routines.
So much disrespect. No wonder they're hated. A necessary evil I suppose.
https://youtu.be/RjNdZYYQHJI [Embed]
I enjoyed watching playthroughs of these
is there another version being made?
I can't be anywhere else right now
it's where I belong
There are a few villages but their really expensive
My girlfriend is half black so impossible for me unfortunately but I've done fairly well living in a market town on the England/Wales border.
Just had a look at Graham Linehans twitter. Poor, poor bloke
Garn take a shit soon and then plan the other stuff out i reckon
Not one of those mongs who are proper into psychedelics, but could do with a good trip and re-examine my ego soon
Go picking in autumn time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm0Nsya7EiA [Embed]
He doing a good deed for after he gone. He got to tell everyone. He's doing a good deed for the world. This is what he's going to do after he's gone. He's going to donate his organs to medicine. Give his organs to people who truly need them.. He gonna fill that form out and get organs to those who need them.
Just shed a tear at how thoughtful and kind SeasideMark is. He care for the Swanage Robin and Swanage Seagulls he RSPB Member, he loves the doggies. He doing so much good in this world.
Got up just now to put the other thing on 
Piece of shit headphone cable immediately getting tangled up and making me stumble over it
Incredible really
Absorbing lots of cool information from this community, thanks
Congrats, you now know the ins and outs of the life of an overweight, chronically smelly, alcoholic, balding, middle-aged man who talks about the food he's eating 24/7
/britfeel/ is dead, brit on /int/ is better.
Congrats
You sound extremely gay.
PAKl
Having a wuppa then garn in the spacker shower. It wovely x
are you projecting? do you wanna talk about it m8? cause you seem pretty hung up on it.
PAK!
where do you work me lid?
Really fancy going stealth camping but don't want to spend any money on all the gear. Something kinda comfy about camping discreetly at the side of a motorway while getting drunk and eating shit tinned food.
took a walk today and some teen girl burst out laughing as we passed each other, I looked over my shoulder which they noticed and went into hysterics. Fucking bitches man, I shouldn't let it get to me but it just reminds me that they see me as less than human because I'm not attractive. I dont want to leave my house again
Forget that boring dull trip, come with me and go auditing. All the folks saying I wouldn't go, well my auditing gear arrived today. Now all I need is a crew.
Remember that time Alan Sugar tweeted a photoshopped picture of the Senegalese football team and compared them to looky looky men on the beach in Marbella. Kek
Dunno why it popped into my head but gave me a chuckle again
you're probably not as ugly as you think. teens think anyone slightly older and not model tier is 0/10.
Auditing gear
What like a Fleshlight or something
I'm so sorry you went through that anon. I get this happen to me sometimes as well because I am fat and awkward. Some people are just cunts, and they're this way to others. I get what you feel but you have to live your life anyway, not only does it benefit you but it spites them because those types WANT you to hide away and stuff. Also, nice pic, I always use this one as a template when I do my drawings.
fat AND smelly
Fat and smelly and brown
I used to live with a guy who fits this description
You used to live with poley?
chooses to be fat
waaaa why are people such cunts
I'm so hillariously fucking bored right now
Get on Grindr and go nosh another man's bollocks
No, just a loud, dumb, smelly, hairy, brown arab man.
Film rec lads??
Valhalla Rising with Mads Mikkelsen
Witness 
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090329/
Leon the professional extended cut
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110413/
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110413/alternateversions/
Noted for the future, decided on SLC PUNK!
Had an incredibly womfyarse shiddington just now me
Wumpa Posse patrolling Feel Street tonight. They're cleaning up the coom and spam infested roads of Feelshire. Ever since the Wumpa Committee was destroyed we've been crying out for some womf and order to return to these threads.
i got up about 2 hours ago and now im getting drunk, such is life
Mammoths were cool hairy elephants that lived in cool times, thank you and bye
fucking hell 10pm already? i need to get some fucking friends or something. waste way too much time just doing nothing on the computer all day.
getting friends? wouldn't get me a gf
i regret not having friends more than not having a girlfriend
Alright that's 5 mails in total i've written to her since saturday at noon/just after her nervous breakdown
Haven't logged into the client since then either and told her to make up her mind and shite
Wednesday's going to be decision day for sure, make or break if you will 
No fucking idea how it'll all turn out either and whether or not it can be salvaged still. Really hate this type of indeterminancy me
lol no, if like bird flu and cat flu all that shit were epidemics then tattoos certainly are. everyone has a fucking tattoo these dyas
if leeds is a small town in westphalia >>73165493
rheinland then yes
Opposite for me, I've had friends in the past and it gets tiring and I hate it. I want a gf but it's impossible because being friendless is a huge red flag. Hell, imagine if I somehow got a gf and we planned to get married, I would have fucking nobody to invite to the wedding. How embarrassing.
kek gary lineker says some shit abput a genuinely awful policy gets threatened sanctioned, alan sugar massive racist fuck all done ahaha 
cheers x
Women are so stupid and cowardous too, kek
Like bitch if you want to break up just say you're going to
Don't just say "sorry" and passive-agressively block me on [redacted] while clearing the chat history, actually STATE your fucking intentions man 
Stupid fucking frontholes i swear
My wapu is trying to get a band of elite ex-SWAT woompfers together to sweep up the streets. Im not a fan of vigilanteism but what's the alternative? The Apuvian governing system was completely and utterly destroyed when HHL and wrosty jackz' wollox both simultaneously imploded .
kek why dont you break up with her you desperate P.O.S. pretty shitty bf the way you bitch about and demean th gf
he hides replies lad
... but then goes on to read them anyway
It's sad what it's come to. All the Apus that were corrupted by Helpermong and Footmong have had to be unceremonious destroyed - not to mention all the frens that died upon opening up flashing seizure inducing goon gifs. 
It will take years to make things return how their was, luckily I hear SPACCA is funding the gangs sent to clean up Feelshire.
yeah but never says anything worthy or actually talks to lads here. just accuses people of being the same tranny or same german. imagine how hilarious he could be if he actually spoke to the lads here. could be a old poleaboo or ebin type character.
Oh, he was like that on /deutsch/, too, back in the day
He eventually warmed up to an Austrain larping as a pilot and told him all sorts of personal details late at night, which a couple of months later led to his doxx
I'm not too sure he's learned from that, though
Just keep trying and eventually he might feel compelled to answer you
Stinky flatulence escaping me arse
Cuck Island 2023
Out of the spacker shower and feeling womfy x
Cat food isn't bad when you eat it up in the microwave for a bit.
Won't be long now before he starts posting more fetish stuff then tells everyone he's had a wank.
Hahahahaha, real #noguns hours
Garn have another wuppa if that's alright with you de lids. No wooze for me tonight, cutting it right down me.
Week off work and no cute lad to dress like a girl and sit on my lap
SLC PUNK! was excellent
the top 5 countries in the world with the most billionaires and multi millionaires are republics
Every fucking day
Watching music videos
Get horny
Contact woman for sex
Realise she isn't half as hot as the women in music videos
Feel grim post-shag
Days are getting longer, not long enough just yet though
yeah it was pretty bright at 6pm today
Nu breadinghamshire in about 30 corr
On an unrelated sidenote i've matched with another 22yo zoomeroid bitch
Wondering how long it's going to take until i run into another one that's dtf right away, should be fun to find out
do you pay for them to travel out their countries to you?
B R E C E L
R
E
C
E
L
Wrote this in like 2 minutes
Thoughts?
May the 1st treat you right, 
With brighter mornings
And a shorter night. 
May the 10th make it good, 
On the promises made
Just like it should. 
May the 15th give no cause, 
To look back 
At long-closed doors. 
May the 23rd be so kind, 
To the faces with smiles 
That they lined. 
May the 31st feel fulfilled, 
About the hours
And days and minutes killed.
Very good lad, I like this one
It NNM day 2 cooooor.
Wonder if wrosty is still going strong.
Thank you friend, much appreciated. I hope may is a good month for you
are they eating pet food?
Yeah I really enjoyed the film too.
only in absolute numbers, not per capita though
Cyprus
8
That's because Cyprus lets you evade taxes, lmfao.
Garn grind some Warzone 2 for a bit before beddingtons. Might have a wot woodle anarl who knows. Only me I suppose lmao. Just thinking, imagine if Russia drops a cheeky nuke on Ukraine sometime this week, the coronation is basically fucked. I mean, it might still go ahead but nobody in the world will give a fuck.
She went to my school. Mentioned that before.
Pile into the new thread kings
Interesting. Bet she was a right bitch.
