My short pretty mother had to marry the tallest six foot six man she could find despite him having an ugly caveman face and now Im a freakishly tall girl with an ugly face. Im a victim of roasties chasing tall men and now Ill never have a normal life or a boyfriend who likes me because she had to be so selfish and couldnt just marry an average man
Men love tall women and your face doesn't matter unless it's REALLY bad. Try to develop a pleasant personality. I've met 5s that become 10s in my book purely because of how good the conversation was.
Breeding has to be regulated at some point this free for all has to end
Men love tall women
No only dom fetishists do most of us prefer that our women don't loom over us constantly
fret no longer m'lady i will sacrifice myself to be your husband till death do us part
Men love tall women and your face doesn't matter unless it's REALLY bad
Thanks but Ive just read 10 threads of guys talking about how much they hate tall women. Yeah maybe theyre seething manlets but still. Maybe Im making excuses and I just need to be better and focus on what positives I have but it just feels so hopeless
Tall girls are fine and don't think that only femdom dudes want them. There's actually a crowd of tall dudes who're more into tall girls.
t. tall guy
Kind of agree. Seems like the ugliest, stupidest people have the most children and are most adamant about it. Children are had for purely selfish reasons. Most people don't think about the life of the potential child.
most of us prefer that our women don't loom over us constantly
lol shut up manlet.
You're fine. 90% of people on this board will do nothing but drag you down. Unironically bee yourself and always work on actively improving your ability to understand emotions and social situations. You'll be a winner if you grind that social xp, big dawg.
For every weird quirk a woman has. There's hundred of millions of men that are into it, we are famished animals.
Sorry but you have to understand that height is a male trait. Tall guys want petite cute women, they don't want a lurching amazon that people are going to think is a tranny. You can probably find a weirdo that's into that but its a fetish like chubby chasing. Focus on your carrier and make yourself happy
Thanks but Ive just read 10 threads of guys talking about how much they hate tall women.
No you don't understand I hate tall women
But I also hate small women
Medium women
Women with a penis
I think it is just that I hate women.
I have a boyfriend who has in the past asked out the absolute shortest girls possible. Pretty sure he just feels sorry for me
What about countries like the Netherlands and Sweden where most of the men and women are tall and blonde? Would you go call them manly? If the women werent tall then the sons wouldnt be tall either
I am a dom and i dont mind if the woman is around my height or taller i actually love tall girls
How often are Nordic women taller than the men dating them
Thats just part of your fetish tho. Dominating someone taller than you.
If I lived in a Nordic country Id be mostly normal and most guys would be taller than me. But in the US Im surrounded by short mexicans, short irish, short asians, short Italians, short jews, all of these short races that I tower over. The normal anglo white guys are usually taller than me but in my state those are maybe 10 percent of the population and theres no reason for them to date me instead of a cute shorter girl
I have a boyfriend
FUCK OFF FUCK OFF WHAT ARE YOU EVEN WHINING FOR DIE
Imagine if you were a manlet and your girlfriend had only dated super tall guys in the past and now she is dating you. Would you feel confident?
Seems like I am vindicated in hating women, again and always.
a freakishly tall girl with an ugly face
you coulda just said butterface instead of using this many words
 Ugly face
How ugly? Like, "wear a paper bag on your head during sex and whip it off when I cum so the shock makes me orgasm twice as hard"-ugly? Cause that sounds kinda hot!
Yep the reproductive data shows conclusively that men simply do not care about height. By "men hate tall girls" women mean "I find the short guys who are into me gross I wish gigachad would look at me and pump and dump me uwu owo"
I wouldn't feel anything about her because I'd just dump her and forget about her. You can tell what a woman truly desires by who they date and have casual sex with when they're young and hot.
The only tall women I've ever known all married gigachads because all men want and love tall women simple as.
Geg that sucks for you. I have no problem with taller girls but I wouldn't go out of my way to date way because the only time I dated one she degraded me for being short. Plus on dating apps you only get so many likes so unless they put they like short guys, swiping on a tall girl is just a waste.
wah wah il never have a boyfriend because im tall
actually, i do have a bf, im just a fucking piece of shit whore who wants to sleep around
