remember that I have an appointment soon
it's the first time I'm going there alone
have to plan out everything and memorise the city plan
have to plan when to get into the train and calculate the time I'll need to walk from station to objective
FUCK FUCK FUCK. THANK GOD THAT I STILL HAVE 3 DAYS...
Why not do a practice run?
I always do a practice run first, makes the second real run easy
Because train tickets are expensive as fuck and I hate sitting in a train with cameras everywhere and people staring at me.
Nevermind. Apparently it's only a 11 minute walk from the train station and I mostly have to walk straight. I just have to cover myself up for the train.
I just have to cover myself up for the train.
Why do you care about people looking at you? Are you covered in burns like me? With scares all over you and people throw money at you because they don't want you near them
No, nothing of the like. I just hate getting stared at and I get plenty of that whenever I'm outside. Everyone in my family keeps saying "Oh Anon, you're just imagining it!" and don't take me serious but deep down I know.
Is it your clothes or hair? sometimes if you have stylish clothes people notice, or even of you have clothes they like they will stare at you.
Yeah, my hair is pretty long and gets messy often (I've gotten some comments on it by strangers before). My clothes are normal. If it's cold I wear my winter jacket, if it's chilly I wear my normal jacket, if it's normal weather I wear a T-shirt. Bottom is either normal trousers or sweatpants. I also have a chevrony mustache but that's all. I'm also not the most handsome male you'll see.
Then you know why they all stare at you, If I wear my electric blanket in the town people stare at me, so i just wear my electric coat
But that can't be the only reason since when I had short hair they still were staring at me.
Is your tv talking specifically to you ?
I know that you're not the other anon since the poster count increased and that you're only here to make fun of me. No, I do not have schizophrenia.
Sometimes I think mine is but that is only because I hear things I've been thinking about and I link them together
