Empathchan if youre reading please unblock me I miss you so much. I will give you another 10k in crypto. I gave her 27k in crypto and said she wouldnt block me but she blocked me. I miss her so much I wont stop cutting until she unblocks I am so lonely without her
Pretty sure I have her address, Give me $1k and I'll go make sure she unblocks you.
Does she do anything for you besides be cute?
There are so many less attractive fembots who would put a lot more effort into providing you with conversation, attention and companionship than her for that kind of money.
how i wish i was empathchan
that's about 135 hours with a hot escort
for money
Robots pay for fembot attention while she uses your money to dress up for chad and get railed by him. How gross
Why would you want to be her?
She is just beautiful. She can be mean but she has problems and I know she doesnt mean to be. I want to save empathchan but she doesnt let anyone in. I want to make her happy thats why ive sent so much money Im hoping she will come back
I would rather support a small business than some big-time whore.
Where the fuck do you subhumans get all this money to throw away?
Empathbros, post server inv, I need to speak with her
Nta, but I spent $20k on a fembot I met here in a few months. I basically make $300k a year and money means nothing to me and I'm incredibly lonely and would do anything for a girl to actually love me. But they don't because I'm not attractive
Empaths server .gg/Zk9vxUREM8
Empath, you must be poor right now if you need to keep shilling on r9k
Let's play count the empathchan self-spam
At least some are a little less obvious.
send proofs you are blocked
I will love you for 5K and I am prettier than her lol
Would you really though? I'm very clingy and lonely
Why not give it to a fembot like Empathchan? Is this girl known?
Nope, she's a Persian fembot in the USA. She's a straight 9/10 and quite lowkey which is why I fell in love with her to begin with
How can you possibly be single if you are making that much money.
Why would you cut yourself over a foid and empathchan
Dude, are you stupid? Women only care about looks
That's why they take thousands of dollars from fat goons that never see daylight and then show off their tits? Fucking retard
what the fuck is wrong with you crazy retard
she blocked me too but it was because i didn't follow her back on instragram
Post her address
empath u sexy slut, wheres the thing u promised me hmmm
What did she promise you
lol. you're an unattractive make spending thousands of dollars just because the woman is a stacy, even though you know someone like that would only date/love her looksmatch. what else is new
Yeah and my looksmatch is getting pumped and dumped by chad. What's also new? If my looksmatches were willing to give me love to begin with, I wouldn't even be on r9k
Love how she couldn't even refute this ahaha
none of your concern, she knows who i am
Fucking lol you cut yourself every week over this foid
