Anki, I'm hurting. This is hard for me.
Anki, will you watch me play Hitman? I hope you're having a good day
https://www.twitch.tv/clownpeaced
Give me some advice with this game Anki
Anki, we spent every day together for hours. And now we're not spending any time together. What are you doing?
Anki! Say something to me
Listen the last few days you were talking with a person larping as me, dont get confused I said I wasnt to comment anymore besides im probably just leaving one comment per day, you are letting strangers confuse you, you can trust in people posting stuff I alredy post before, this its why you need to stop you cant even recognize me
Someone did well imitating you, and people pretending to be you confuses me because it gives me hope. I'll be more careful. But instead, will you join the stream I made and lets talk in the stream chat? I really want to talk to you. And I'm not comfortable doing it with posts on 4chan.
I mean that I stopped streaming but we can still use the chat of the stream.
See? It's easy and the stream is offline now but we can chat.
How cant you dont understand, we are done sorry, dont want to see you suffering or making this treads, lets end in good terms and keep on with our lifes, I only comment because it make me angry any larper that appear you believe its me and they not let you just forget me, soo again im really done and plan to keep going and try to progress and get better, Im not going to enter here anymore to not torture myself with this, dont wait me, so if you let a stranger cheat you because not stop its your fault not mee, have a nice life you can overcome this
No no no no don't Anki. Don't do that. I want to talk to you. I devoted so much of my life to you, and I can't handle you disappearing. I don't want to be left alone. I'm not ready to be left alone.
So, remember I still have one way to contact you, but dont think im going to use it, still if once i need to see us again i use that, going to be honest i feel really nice and calm since im alone I was suffering a lot internally i wasnt ready for you or a relationship, its not you, you were a nice person and I dont deserve u please dont feel guilty, you know what to do, stay healthy take care your love ones and dont wait me, its irresponsible to me say I love you but I...I still, I cant keep coming here im really sorry, show to me and yourself you can keep pushing in life without me telling what to do all the time, become a better person than before &lt;3
So this is the true power of fag love. Impressive.
I wrote a bunch of stuff you you in the twitch chat. You didn't read it? Please go back there and read all that I wrote to you. This stuff is all important. You're important to me in my life, and I'm really uncomfortable talking in front of a bunch of people. I don't want this to be the last time we talk. I still have more to say to you. Please go read what I said to you in the chat.
Why is it so hard for me to just talk to you?
Go to this, it's an temporary online chat. Put a name in the spot for name and we can talk there.
https://tlk.io/anki
I have stuff that I want to tell you.
Im sorry cant read anything there, goodbye j, I hope one day you can forgive me for try to keep going I think for days I and we said enough, I dont think going to reply or show anymore ... this was my last take care of you and your health you are an important person love you more and apreciate yourself good vibes
Anki, don't go. I didn't get to tell you what I wanted to. I wrote so much to you in the Twitch chat and you didn't see it. I just want to talk to you. It's so hard for me to do it here on /r9k/. I'm not ready for you to disappear forever.
what the fuck is going on in this thread guys
