<comment>
Took the escortpill a while back
Always end up feeling bad/ashamed
Decide to try again one more time
Find a pretty cute girl with nice reviews on the escort forum I usually use
Decide to try my luck
Go there, she's really pretty
Start going at it and she starts faking moans, that's an instant turn off for me
Decide to just try and ask her if she can do what I like, which I usually don't because I'm too shy (part of the reasons most of my experiences with escorts have been bad)
It's SPH in case you're wondering
She accepts and starts doing it
I came in like 30 seconds after that
Feel a little bad about it because I already paid for the whole hour
She tells me I can stay the rest of the hour and go at it again if I can get it up again
We start talking, she notices I'm nervous so we end up making small talk about the weather
Mention how hot my country's capital is
Tell her I was there in March because I went to Lollapalooza
She told me she wanted to go to see 100 gecs but they backed down at the last moment
We start talking about music and she mentions some festival happening in the US and how such a cool festival would never happen in our country
She mentions Death Grips as part of the lineup
We start talking about The Money Store
We ended up talking about music for like 20 minutes
I manage to get hard again and we go at it again
This is probably the only good experience I've ever had with an escort. I hope I can see her again before she leaves. I just wish I didn't have to pay a girl 60 bucks an hour to talk about Death Grips.
<comment>
Didnt read
dead niggers and cops
<comment>
okay glowie ooga booga
<comment>
sph
you never fail to disappoint me anon
Also, that experience sounds mid if she didn't give you extra time for free and most of the time was just a conversation.
In my case, my best experience was by far with a sugar
back in my home country for vacations
install a sugar baby app, add some faceless pics of me and write that I'm looking to meet in person
cute 18yo girl from a poor part of the city accepts
we met in a bar, she is cute, likes anime and started a steem career
feels like a nice date but in very easy mode
she offers me to continue the conversation in my place
I am very bad at making moves, but at some point she says "you can kiss me if you want"
we kiss a lot and move to the bed to cuddle, after a while she asks me for a hoodie
she goes with my hoodie to the restroom, come back with only the hoodie on
she is ashamed of her tits and doing oral, so we start with piv with the hoodie on
she has an intravenous birth control so we don't use a condom
after some minutes she decides to take off her hoodie (she looks nice but girls have bdd I guess) 
then she is happy to try oral as well and we do 69
during 69 I ate her ass, she says that she liked it
I ask if she is interested in anal stuff, she said that she likes the idea but have never try it
put my pp in her butt
it was slow and difficult, so we go back to piv until I finish
we keep talking until she has to go because is getting dark
she writes me back to say that she arrived safe and had a good time
everything for $100
it was kino, I wish I leave the US soon and go back to my home country. The only problem with this is that it is a bit soul crushing that nice girls are selling themselves, for some reason they think that sugar baby has nothing to do with prostitution lmao, of course is a delusion and at some point she will have to swallow it. But it was really nice 10/10.
<comment>
What country? 282728
<comment>
please be mexico I can't afford to fly to the philippines
<comment>
Chile, but mexico seems alright or even better for sugar babies
<comment>
Good experiences with escorts?
no not anymore. any even decent looking girl would have to be retarded to be whoring out in today's world. she's on instagram selling pictures of her feet for 50 a pop instead. she will never see a non-chad dick in her life. just a decade or two ago, that same whore was an actual whore, and hundreds of men were getting their money's worth. the "men" nowadays just give it away to the whore for free
it's over
<comment>
OP here, also Chilean. What's the name of the app? Also, which city was that?
<comment>
My best experience was spending the night with an escort who agreed to castrate me. She tied rubber bands extremely tight around the base of my ballsack and had me get extremely drunk so I'd pass out. By the morning she woke me up by showing me that my balls had turned black and she easily twisted them off like cherries. She kissed my dick tip and laughed and left
<comment>
Feeling depressed and touch starved
Goes to an autistic escort that cosplays
I'm already her regular, go there once a month or every two months
always remember me, loves to chat
she gives me the best blowjob I will ever have in my life
gives me a rimjob
doggystyle her very hard
she's a bit fat with a nice ass
cuddles and chat about life for 2h without charging
mc donalds pops up in the conversation
anon lets grab some ice cream
it was midnight already and I agreed
spent the rest of the night chatting and eating ice cream
It's crazy that this escort is becoming a friend, she convinced me to seek a diagnosis for my autism and even gave me her psychiatrist number. She had the same issues as me so it was very relatable. Also she gives me tips on how to get girls, generally a super wholesome experience, thats why I always come back, deffinitely had luck finding her, always get cheered up by her.
<comment>
What's sad about this is that she isn't gf material, so no matter how strong that bond is, she would never be anything more than a friend.
Unless you're a cuck
