<comment>
I uninstalled League today. 
Few days ago try giving ranked a serious try (Last season I played I made it to gold only because of the skin)
Perfect 100% wr over about ~13 games playing Vex and Zoe
Riot Games doesn't like that. Not. one. Bit.
hit placement matches for gold 
Suddenly its as if a lever was switched. Sirens were going off in Riot HQ - There's no way they'd let ME pass this easily.
First time Thresh toplaners, ADC midlaners, Junglers running it down, Teammates leaving.
Final and last game I fucking lose my shit and smash my table like an autist
All just so someone as special as me couldn't just MAKE it to their past rank - nonono. I would have to EARN it. Like the fucking dog I am.
After losing my promos to gold a second time now, I can proudly say that I finally quit this disgusting game. 
I hope whoever came up with the idea of Leagues matchmaking burns in hell. Genuinely.
I'll FINALLY be able to spend that time on improving my life. I fucking hated that game. God. 
The only reason I played it was to feel good about myself because I was pretty decent at it. I didn't play ranked myself but had a high elo friend who I always played normals with, and after a while I clapped diamonds+ in lane.
Every single person playing this godforsaken game is either addicted or a fucking retard. I hate its playerbase with my entire soul. Most of the people playing look like literal retards. And I know. Because you apes share your fucking twitch links where I can see your mangled faces and hear your autistic voices.
I could've easily made it to high elo but refuse to be Riots lapdog. I'm just glad to be free. 
Fuck League of Legends. And everyone who plays it. 
If you're a Riot employee reading this I hope you know God won't have mercy on you.
<comment>
I am not reading all of that and no else will either.
Keep your rants up to 4 sentences long you flaming homosexual retard.
<comment>
Kill yourself Tranny.
origninal
<comment>
gold
pretty decent
nice delusion leaguefag. you'll reinstall in a month after riot releases the same champ for the 100th time.
<comment>
Perhaps you need to let go of your tranny obsession and accept that most trannies are alright people
<comment>
no one is doing surgery on kids, chud
<comment>
This is probably bait, but I will respond as if it is not.
The only reason I played it was to feel good about myself because I was pretty decent at it.
I could've easily made it to high elo but refuse to be Riots lapdog.
Frog in the well.
<comment>
The problem with most team games is a lot of times your experience at an individual level will not teach you what's good at a team level. You might be good in your lane and good at skill shots or other technical things, but you're not doing the things strategically that your team needs to succeed. You're not participating in team fights or contesting key objectives. You can't always quantify your contribution to the game with k/d. Mmr by design will start giving you shit teammates once you're on a win streak. That's how mmr balancing works. You're just not thinking strategically.
