tell the girl I have feelings for on Discord "I love you" before she goes to bed
she replies "Thanks ^^"
"Thanks"
Lol, lol lmao
Was it even appropriate to say that at that point?
I love you op. (This is how she feels about it.)
anon tells random girl hes never met he loves her
she doesnt respond in kind
queue autistic screeching
tell the boy I have feelings for on Discord "I love you" before he goes to bed
he replies "I love you too and I'll see you tomorrow~"
I miss falling asleep talking to her on the phone. If we couldn't do that she'd always want me to send her a voice message just so she could hear my voice as she fell asleep.
qt. i wish i had >.&lt;
Do 4chan autists not realize that most people do care about people they speak to, regardless of the medium
Saying I love you before you even meet someone is insanely autistic. Even saying it after one or two dates is pretty autistic. OP is orbiting some girl that's probably talking to two dozen guys and obsessing over to the point he can't help but cross the boundary and confess his retarded love for someone he barely knows but idealizes. Then when she doesn't reciprocate he gets mad and makes a thread about it. He should be thankful she didn't call him a pathetic insect and tell him off, as that's what he deserves.
Saying I love you before you even meet someone is insanely autistic.
I've known multiple normalfags who have done this. I knew a Stacy cheerleader who had to be hospitalized because an online friend turned her down. This is the classic "straw normalfag" argument, where the average person is supposedly the epitome of cool and moonwalks and skateboards everywhere and never has a single awkward, non-socially approved trait or moment in their entire lives.
At least you can ghost her and move on.
it's over anon i'm sorry
orignially
be 20 year old university student
put on flannel over my hoodie
grab backpack and my sick longboard
time to go on the grind
put in airpods and start blasting lil pump
start longboarding down the road to class
see cute girl on sidewalk
adjust my jesus necklace so it's in view
smirk slightly and then turn head away just as she makes eye contact with me
jesus christ I'm a sexy bastard
notice that there's a girl right behind her
dear god what an ugly bitch
go into my backpack and pull out my spiked mace
do a sick kickflip onto the sidewalk and then shatter her skull as I ride past her
man that was sick
why am I so fucking awesome?
OP she's letting you down lightly. Now you cut contact. Don't stick around and make the same mistake I did. The friendship will never be even.
what are you even trying to say? that because some normalfags also do retarded shit its ok for you to do retarded shit?
You're dating the female version of Han Solo
Those normalfags are weird as fuck too, retard. You're comparing OP to a literal child in high school and the behavior you're using as a model hospitalized her. I don't think that's who OP should emulate.
Platonic ILYs are a thing anon. Have a hug ( /^-^)/ ily
It's just commentary on how 4channers know close to nothing about people or the world.
She was a college student.
Its 2023, boomer. You can basically go on entire dates with people before even seeing them in person. I've had a long distance girlfriend that I watched movies with, played games with, ate dinner with, etc.
I'm 25 and have been in multiple relationships. I have known people that were inexperienced and said I love you early. Most adults will tell them and tell you that it's dumb. That's a tier better though than doing the same to someone online who you're just orbiting and don't know the first thing about.
These are things you'll grow out of. You're just a terminally online kid that's never been in a real relationship so you think this way.
I've always found it rather pathetic how robots try to model themselves so hard after the people who rejected them in the first place. Their mental image of the entire human race is basically stuck in the early 2000s where anyone who used the internet outside of music downloads and school reports was seen as a nerd.
You're a fucking retard and need to kill yourself as soon as humanly possible. No intelligence, no morals, no anything. You're disgusting, worthless, and never should have been born.
anyone who used the internet outside of music downloads
I've used discord a shit ton and every single e relationship I've seen on there went up in flames. They are not real. They are just simulacrums intended to fill the gap of loneliness. They are unsuccessful in this.
You're right in my case. I'm mentally ill and don't like being touched so I fill that void with online relationships that I know will go nowhere. 
I have an entire flashdrive full of internet ex girlfriend memories.
