review my plan to become this guy's gf:
make money
spend it on cosmetic enhancements 
not text him too often
slowly max to be as stacy as possible
invite him to come visit me (he's already open to it) 
start living out some of our massage and cuddle RPs on the beach
get drunk together and cuddle
tell him I changed my mind and I actually would convert to his religion (his main objection other than distance) after thinking about different interpretations of it, wanted to open myself to god
see how the conversation goes
he will probably reject me
struggle bumperino 
rate please ;-;
uhh how far do you live from him
tell him I changed my mind and I actually would convert to his religion
Never convert into anything, what you do not trully believe. It makes huge issues long run and makes you very unhappy. Been there, done that. Self-improvement is good, but lying to yourself is never good, no relationship is worth that. Seems like this is huge issue here, so better off find someone else. Who shares sames individual values with you.
different states, same country
he isn't opposed to long distance if it starts in person
I wish I had someone I liked enough to 'formulate a plan' to become their BF. I did once, it didn't work, but it was very motivating.
This is weird but like, for him it's clear the religion part is a larp but the belief in god may not be. And, if I were with him I would believe in god. I guess to me it's like that would be evidence god exists. I would feel it if i could have him.
Lmao seriously how old are you? you sound like a fantastical 15 year old
i improved myself for years before trying for him. i first liked him in 2011, on and off until i finally tried in 2020 and we flirted for a while then he had a mental breakdown and blocked me for a while then came back and he's been my friend since.
15 inside in some ways but a lot older irl. funny you say 15 but for other reasons.
why are you into a DD/lg thing that so many foids are into
i am but its more my oldest unhealed trauma was from that age
Good luck becoming a stacy Crystal
I like her top that's hot
Here you go anon enjoy her cleavage
or maybe ur just a pervert
This plan is really fucking stupid. Playing hard to get never really works. I would try not to be too clingy but just be open and honest with him while doing your best to make him happy when you're around. If you don't want to outright express your feelings you can initiate things that will cause you to spend time together and get closer. Guage his interest and don't be too pushy. Compliment him a lot and tell him the things you like about him. People like those that make them feel good. Acting detached makes people feel unwanted and unneeded.
Excuse you? Crystal is VERY sexy, any guy would be honored to have her attention. Fuck off virgin incel
idk who tf crystal is and I never said anything about anyone being ugly in my post. No one cares about your cringy attempts to dox this ewhore, fuck off you fat 16 year old discord addict.
If his religion requires you to convert you should probably avoid him
nice post more boobas pics
Don't forget anal.
Crystal you are so painfully obvious.
I do compliment him and tell him I'm proud of him. He has already rejected me before, once due to being in a relationship and then again due to distance and religion but the religion part I changed my mind on and distance he is okay with if it starts in person. Idk I might see how things go.
I don't act detached. I usually message first and it's clear I am the one who likes him more. Idk i wont try if it seems he just isnt interested but hes had an affair, arguably 2 with me already and seems to be attracted etc
Crystal try harder you dumb slut
Why do you like this dink so much, he sounds like an ass.
fuck she doing taking a pic like that cuh on gang
Who TF is Crystal
It kind of seems like not that healthy of a relationship. If he'll cheat with you he'll cheat on you etc etc. That said, you might as well try to meet him irl. That sort of thing will make it more real to him. Maybe just visit at first. It sounds like you're doing the other stuff fine.
I guess she rejected you or something? lol
Crystal is the one that gets rejected by Chad Spencer
Just look hot and act dumb. Gets em every time. If he's using religion as an excuse he probably has another gf, I'm sorry. Don't waste yourself on this fool.
Cool. Where is this text from it's so funny. And how do you know so much Chad lore. I had no idea his last name was Spencer. Perfect!
samefaggenlisch
He's using you to boost his self esteem when he feels rejected by other women.
Lol no Crystal. Get exposed whore
Why are you so invested in bullying some ewhore obsessed with a random guy? Don't you have better things to do?
obviously her considering its just a random screenie of a sexting right
someone give me the QRD on this crystal chick
He didn't at the time and I know because he tells me when he has gfs. We've been sexting anyway. I don't when I have a man but if he has someone he made the commitment not me
financebabe#2983
I don't want to talk to her, just a QRD on her and why we should care about her
Gah. He's using you as a tool when he's bored or has low self esteem. He will never be your boyfriend. He's making ridiculous excuses not to so he can keep sexting you without committing because you're just a self esteem prop/masturbatory toy to him. Is he even charming? Why do you like this fool over guys you meet irl? Probably because you don't have to live with his stinky neglectful ass so you can project a fantasy on him that has little to do with his actual personality. Also he doesn't like you so that makes him more attractive because he's unavailable so you don't have to commit to a real relationship. And it makes you want to win his approval which is dumb bc in reality he's a boorish sweaty pig, which you would know if you got to know him better in person. And lastly, this beach fantasy sounds like something a 12 year old would dream up. Are you autistic by any chance?
he and i do those roleplays and they are so fun. a lot of people seem to think i have autism. he denies that i am a self esteem prop for him. he is definitely sexually attracted to me and i give him female domination RP which his gfs dont really. he is open to visiting and i can see how it goes. havent seen him in person in over 6 yeats.
if its true he will never be bf that makes me sad but its still better to simp him than try for other men because he is nicer at least
also
sweaty pig
he knows i love his sweat in rp
My advice is get diagnosed and find an autistic bf on this board who will be nice to you and understand where you're coming from. I mean, fool around with this guy, but don't let him prevent you from finding a real relationship. Make a thread that is like a personal ad, but with no clues that can be used to trace your social media accounts, and then chat to guys in thread and drop discord if you like one of them. If you don't like them once you DM them, just ghost.
You sound like such a sweet girl. I want you to find real bf who is handsome &amp; sexy &amp; treats you well. :'(
i use soc all the time but i always end up picturing unattainable males i actually love in the conversations. i can get partners but i cant commit long term because i just dont fall for them. one man i loved committed and i only ended because he was extremely emotionally hurtful same with his last gf. i have no hope for reality. my best hope is escapism and making movie one day that i can act out my fantasies in
How about this guy
>>73159493 →
Maybe not this guy but I'm pretty sure you're an Autistic and would benefit from having an Autistic bf who lives nearby
i give him female domination RP
You gonna peg him when you meet up?
i hate smoking too and talk about how i think its valid to ban it even as a liberal who supports drug legalization because it affects others. its so nasty
if he commits to me of course i will. i mean resisting might be hard and i might give in but i wont plan to. im good at it though and if i do it i might build up his pleasure then press him on the gf thing while ramming into his ass when he is super into it
What is it about the online bf guy you like
we have to ban things because i think its nasty
retard
That's a good plan. A++
You're an idiot. And smug about it, which is sad
i have tried dating autist men before and they usually hurt my feelings.
spend it on cosmetic enhancements
pic related fucking pulled John Lennon
im pretty sure theyre not going to benefit that much
what are the odds if it working?
Autistic people shouldn't date each other.
i love how smart and sweet and mysterious and tall and handsome and successful and just generally amazing he is and we had a lot of shared experiences growing up like extracurriculars more than anyone else i knew and one day we accidentally wore the same outfit to school around 9 years ago and took a pic together. i wish i still had it
john lennon was extremely abusive
Why ask him to agree for you to be his gf instead of demanding that he accepts you as his mommy?
went to school together
I wouldn't consider this an online relationship if you met irl.
he is less into mommy stuff than i am and seems to prefer more aggressive femdom which i can also do
we havent seen each other irl in over 6 years. i dont want it to stay online though.
i think this might be true is one autist is very sensitive
and why is that? just because im not a pathetic fag who wants to ban stuff because it smells bad?
No, it's because you smell bad. And you're jealous of people who are capable of giving and receiving love. Hater.
lol how would you know if he smells bad?
I don't know. I think he would enjoy it though if he's into pegging. If he likes pegging he would definitely replay the scene in his mind and whatever message you chose to insert (pun intended) at that moment. If he doesn't like pegging irl it would of course be a bad idea.
he likes the idea for sure and wants me to use his body. idk if it extends to irl or what limits he has while taken. also idk. i think he knows i love him. it is fairly obvious. damn i hate myself
I don't, I'm just joking around. Just banter
I would ask him first if he's never done butt stuff or hasn't brought it up himself. Use lots of lube and a tiny smooth vibrator don't reach for the giant dildo if it's his first time. And ask him in bed when he's turned on already. Don't bring it up point blank while you're at the park or a restaurant or something
I'm going to sleep, anonie. Wish you the best of luck. If I was a boy I would definitely ask you to marry me. Goodnight.:)
wtf why would i care about you fags loving each other or not its just real retarded that youd ban something that just smells bad you negro
You're just smelling your upper lip goblino. Goodnight to you too. :)
i legit hope you throw up in your sleep and choke to death. good night
not text him too often
Horrible idea.
If you don't text a man often then he'll think you don't love him. Especially if he already doesn't talk to other people, which being a man he statistically doesn't.
yet you foids stay because its chad
Thanks I will. Sweet dreams.
And ask him in bed when he's turned on already. Don't bring it up point blank while you're at the park or a restaurant or something
Don't do this. He needs advanced warning to clean his butt out.
he is a chad who gets shown off and stuff and has affairs with me
we have rp about butt stuff and pegging before.
thank you anon thats sweet
That pic is my ideal relationship honestly, I look big and scary and keep people from talking to us, but in reality she's the scary and in charge one despite being so small. Not even a femdom thing I just think that'd be hot
I too ship this relationship dynamic haha
trying to date a religionfag
he's gonna fuck your anus to preserve your virginity
he is a larper. not really catholic just likes the community. he believes in god though. like most "catholics" it is theater but the god belief is real.
