<comment>
post stories of your ineptitude with the opposite sex
I'll start
be me
fat embittered 17yo
no self respect
obese
miserable
no hope with girls and convinced life will never improve
shattered self confidence
have qt female friends in tight friend group
they like me for me
hate myself too much to recognise it
all male and female friends like me for me
major trauma occurs in my life 
motivates me to improve 
get sick of being waste of space
work out daily and change lifestyle
feel amazing and get shredded 
never not been fat
turns out I'm good looking
start getting attention from girls
girls start to ask for my number semi frequently
never follow them up
female friend 1
hottest in friend group
hangs around me and laughs at my jokes, plays with my hair, touches me all the time ect
even asks for gym and shirtless pics
learn later this is flirting
months pass watching shows together most nights and laughing til early morning
all signs go over my head
all of them
later moves to different state
missed opportunity 
female friend 2
8.5/10qt with heart of gold
for years we go on adventure walks and go shopping and hang one one on one
most comfortable with her
bit of a tomboy so no problem wrestling me
sleeps on my lap
dresses me up
strokes my hair
lies on grassy hills with me
all over my head
later tells me she had a crush on me the whole time
was even still obese at the time
straight over my head
she's currently dating someone
missed opportunity
female friend 3
easily my worst failure
10/10qt content housewife type
loves cooking, decorating, caring ect
at this stage I've gained a tiny bit of self confidence
ask if she wants to hang out
she does
we do couple stuff for months
incredibly all registeres in my mind as pre-dating 
waiting for her to hate me as much as I hate myself
my dad does suddenly
she's there for me straight away
emotionally push her way
doesn't deserve a sadcase like me
Continued>
<comment>
Cont.
everytime I see her she wants to talk to me to see how I am
in my mind we were never dating
why the special concern
in hindsight she always looked sad and confused
Ok no green text for this bit. She had this way of standing there; she could be kinda awkward but God so cute. She'd stand there fidgeting with her finger looking with these eyes that asked a million questions. Man can't even describe it properly. Like she was waiting for me to tell her what was happening and what she could do to help. Anyway..
it's been a while now
she's dating my best friend
still tries to talk to me in a cheerful and friendly way
she knows I'm full of regret
just wants to make me feel ok
I can tell though
she's too fidgety
looking back I see what was going on
loved by others
hated by myself
still the case
girls still ask for my number
never take them out
sometimes ask for theirs 
to see if it's not just my imagination 
always get it
still never take them out
can flirt with girls now
don't take it anywhere further though
too much time went by
funny guy
attractive guy
successful guy
still a fat loser within
<comment>
do you have skin flaps in your belly?
<comment>
it receded mostly
Got some faint stretch marks though
<comment>
oh ok, to be honest, this board, or this website even, isn't the best place to ask for advice if that's what you're asking for, I don't know there doesn't seem to be a question on the thread you posted.
<comment>
Just a thread for venting 
Anyone can post their experience
<comment>
cool, so what are your hobbies?
<comment>
I wish I even had some experiences with the opposite sex but girls don't even think I exist.
<comment>
Hikes, restoring tools, gardening
<comment>
You could make it so they do
<comment>
restoring tools
like removing the rust from it, shit like that?
<comment>
Oh believe me I've tried and I am far from an ugly manlet too. And still it's like I don't exist. I guess my personality is just not lovable.
<comment>
You could make it so they do
How?
<comment>
Yeah and sharpening them, replacing parts ect
<comment>
It helps to be bombasic and not really care
I do that and girls love it. Of course inwardly it's a different story but hey it gets their attention 
Personal grooming is big too
<comment>
Im like you but younger bro. Used to be ugly but I had a glow up but still never caught up socially. 18 now, getting female attraction and I dont know what to do with it or how to express my feelings to girls. Im scared Im never going to get a gf because Im scared to talk to the hoes.
<comment>
I groom myself but it doesnt really help that I have an acne ridden ugly face does it. And idk how to act bombastic lol. I cant pull it off.
<comment>
Wish I had some better consolation dude
I'm 22 now and admittedly I hate myself less than I used to
So I guess time helps 
Still a long way to go
<comment>
be me, new in college. Relentlessly bullied and friendless in high school with abusive parents, never felt love before.
pretty girl really likes me and I ask here out because she's clearly into me
she agrees 
go on date, everything is going well and we're having fun
horrible feelings of guilt inside me the entire time, like what I'm doing is wrong and I don't deserve to feel happy
stop talking to her afterwards because I feel so disgusting and wrong
see each other after christmas but she clearly doesn't like me that way anymore, just treats me like everyone else
<comment>
26 years old
got out of the army last year
do nothing but lift and read, in pretty good shape, have pretty much given up on women cuz IM socially shy...just wanna go monk mode
not an incel about it have poked a handful women mostly while I was using drugs, literally just dont even think about sex that often, just wanna hold hands
get a job as a phlebotomist at a local hospital , like it a lot feels good to be helping people(the only other jobs ive had are construction and the military)
all the qt nurses tell me how sweet I am, I make a very big effort not to hit on them or stare at them or anything
heres where it gets mean,
one day this 19 year old CNA realizes "haha anon are you scared to make eye contact with me?"
starts just following me around a few times each shift and staring at me, and laughing when I glance at her and look away immediately "whats wrong anon?", literally just follows me around staring at me and laughing
 another one runs up and hugs me at the end of the shift, awkwardly hug her back, being sure not to touch her more than is appropriate "haha anon hugging you is like hugging a wall, I feel like I just hugged a wooden board"
one chick keeps handing me her banana and asking me to peel it for her at lunch..idk what inside joke is here but they always laugh at me
walking to the supply room through a doorway or something, they randomly stand in front of me stick their arms out to their sides and turn their back to me (picture like how they block in basketball) "whats the matter anon, cant get through?"
What the FUCK is this shit?
I feel like they are literally trying to bait me into befriending them so they can bully me and make fun of me more.
tl;dr:
Im almost 30, ex-infantry, pretty fucking shredded(no homo), and thought I had outgrown by beta upbringing via hard work but turns out im still just a bitch getting bullied by a fucking 5 foot tall teenage girl just like in high school
<comment>
They probably think you're hot dude
Don't be like me and get caught in your own head
Just own it
<comment>
I never fucked, dated, hanged out with, or befriended women. I don't have any stories to share.
<comment>
Either they want you or theyre assholes either way avoid them dont risk it
<comment>
me again, this is from before the other story
taking a stats class
some pretty girl that is in my class and I have afew mutual friends
Its an 8Am an I always go get food from the dining hall first
its always empty except for her and her friends and I
She invites me to sit with her group every time
always sit with her and her friends and eat my breakfast
she always makes an effort to talk to me(i think either out of pity or out of sadism to watch me squirm )
she always has on what appeared to me to be the most fake smile and the most nefarious giggle when we conversed(I suspected she was attempting to subtly mock me)
end of semester finals time rolls around
Ishe tells me we should study together
she insists takes my number and invites me, I am sure to seem reluctant so I do not seem desperate
show up at her room at the agreed upon time
she is wearing really short tight booty short/pajama things
she starts cuddling up next to me >mfw
eventually she is sitting in my lap wiggling around I can literally feel the heat from of her banana hole
im in a full blown panic at this point
she says something about me being comfy and does a 100% evil and knowing laugh, and puts on some fake smile, that triggers my insincere senses, literally see the silloute of some lovecraftian devil
something is wrong here but I cant put my finger on it
realize that she must have friends hiding in her closet that want me to make a move so they jump can laugh at me and she would say something like "haha did you really think you could hook up with me wierdo get the fuck out!" and then beat me up and dump milk on me or something
tell her I gotta run to the bathroom
run, literally ran, back to my dorm chainsmoke a half pack and go to bed
her friend tells me later that she cried after this
drop out of school, join the military, tell the recruiter ill take the first avail ship date, literally left for boot camp 9 days later
im shy :/
<comment>
realize that she must have friends hiding in her closet that want me to make a move so they jump can laugh at me and she would say something like "haha did you really think you could hook up with me wierdo get the fuck out!" and then beat me up and dump milk on me or something
memes aside you are literally autistic and retarded
<comment>
Is this copy pasta? I've seen this near exact thing written before.
<comment>
mate..
This is agony to read
I might have been oblivious once but this is next level
You're clearly a good looking guy a d girls like you. Just try it on with one of them!
Unless you think this is some gender spanning conspiracy targeting you exclusively (which it isn't)
Sorry to sound Nd look Ike a hypocrite but it's so grating to hear someone making the exact same fuckups as I did
<comment>
Well, you've managed to hang out with girls that like you. I don't even know where to begin when it comes to asking a friendly girl to just hang out.
<comment>
Found it, it's been posted more times than I thought: https://desuarchive.org/r9k/search/text/haha%20anon%20are%20you%20scared%20to%20make%20eye%20contact%20with%20me/
<comment>
Unless you think this is some gender spanning conspiracy targeting you exclusively (which it isn't)
ive literally considered that before, debated if there was some sort of group chat all these gals were in(this spans years and all different parts of the country) to make fun of me or something, logically it is "crazy' i know but I cant help be consider it lol
im good looking but very autistic and retarded
<comment>
damn got me good
<comment>
Did you type this again or copy it from when you posted it on your own thread?
Cuz typing all that for a second time is CRAZY (im lazy)
<comment>
girls open me on dating apps all the time but after a few messages they stop responding once they realize im not smooth and NT
also i was molested by an old fat lady when I was a kid and cry when I try to fuck if I dont take drugs... but i dont really feel like that was a big factor in things
<comment>
, they randomly stand in front of me stick their arms out to their sides and turn their back to me (picture like how they block in basketball) "whats the matter anon, cant get through?
wait....are they literally doing this?
Like they are shoving their asses at you?
lmao you are a disgrace
<comment>
Bro you have 0 rizz (i think btw)
<comment>
How do you even text like this? Is it on purpose? ahahahahahahahahah
<comment>
 some girl from tinder comes over
she says shes into "pet play", not what im into but whatever shes hot
"im a kitty hehehe" she says
she puts on a choker collar with a little bell on it
becomes completely non-verbal
keeps licking my ears and deep-throating my fingers
we have sex
finish...this is where it gets ,more strange
she pours herself a bowl of milk and sits on my bed crosslegged lapping at it, just staring at me wide eyed and not saying a word for over an hour
try to talk to her but she stays in "character" and just laps at her bowl of milk and stares at me, try to touch her "so uhhh do you have work in the morning or anything" and she swats my hand away and hisses...refuses to break character or leave
whatever.....take a bunch of Benadryl so I can fall asleep
wake up for a second 3 hours later in the middle of the night and she is just in my bed naked just playing minecraft on her phone
next morning she sleeps in
wake her up, trying to get her going
jokinly say "alright rise and shine" and try to drag her to sit upright
she just groans, hisses and points are her pussy then looks at me
actively refuses to remove herself from my bed until I fingerblast her nasty gash for 30 minutes
when I was in the closet getting dressed before she left I saw her take my cologne spray a bunch on one of my pillows then shove my pillow in her duffel bag(she didnt know I could see her)
bites my nipple really hard through my shirt and just leaves without saying a word
snapchats me a sketch a few days later
ask oh "whats that you are drawing"
"its you"
she took creepshots of me shirtless putting my contacts in the next morning and is sketching my back
Pic for proof
you can see her collar on the floor....
idk how it got like this bros
<comment>
have the same girl over a few weeks later
she leaves me sweet notes all over my house
literally hundreds of them, these are a few and I have a lot more 
idk
<comment>
women b crazy yo!
<comment>
Dude that bitch is about to murder you.
Just fuck somebody else
<comment>
don't be me
17 yo high schooler, living on dorms
not super fat but a chubby for sure, got bullied for my body already
my confidence had been trampled to dust both by elementary classmates and parents
already had bad experience with being led on by girls just to get ridiculed later
still got bullied on high school but not to the same degree as before
anyways, in my country students leave dorms for a weekend and come back in sunday evening
my commute is by train
a cutie with glasses and curly hair from different class has the same commute
at least 7/10 in my eyes
she recognizes me and starts talking to me
eventually she's waiting for me every sunday on the station
mfw i think i'm just a filler for otherwise unefentful train ride
weeks turn in to months
she's trying to spend time with me even throughout the week
eventually we become seniors, she's still riding the same train line with me
always smiling, laughing to my stupid jokes, seems to be interested in what i like etc.
we both graduate and part our ways
facebook becomes the new hit
she adds me just few days after i start my profile
there's this popular quiz app, similar to ask.fm
someone asks her the question
"did you ever wanted to date anon?"
she replies yes and posts it on her wall
i know because the post directly mentioned me so i've got the notification
my mind starts racing, so i message her
"hey, your answer to that question app, is it true or just a joke?"
she replies
"how could you still be so blind after all that time we spent together? i even considered sending you a god damn letter as a last ditch attempt to reach your heart but my friends talked me out of this."
mfw i left her on read
mfw it's been years already
<comment>
logistics lol
<comment>
mfw i left her on read
This is actually hilarious, you're a Chad bro. What ended up happening to this girl?
<comment>
long read but tl;dr:
unhinged
<comment>
GET OFF THE BOARD. THIS IS A TRUCEL BOARD
<comment>
mfw i left her on read
mfw it's been years already
holy fuck... bro
<comment>
i simply didn't know what to say so i let it fizzle out... i don't know what she's doing today. she's not that active on socials and i wouldn't dare to contact her or her acquaintances again to find out.
anyways, my chubiness turned in to fully fledged obesity but luckily i've been able to lose weight back to normal and today i'm even lighter and more fit than on high school and signed up to local boxing gym. yet still i'm suffering the same case as op does. i'm fit, somewhat slightly above average looking, noticing those mires, stares and looks but inside of me is still a broken fat guy with no confidence.
<comment>
be me from 5 years ago
being fat and fucking shy
a cute girl appears
befriends my group of friends
still not being able to start a conversation with her
my friends know i like her and they tease me all the time
she finds out and everything becomes more embarrassing
having to change schools and losing all contact with her and with my friends in general
be me(present)
not being fat anymore and some people tell me I look good
out of nowhere my old group of friends talk to get back together
I accept
they say "ah, yes, she'll go"
decide to bring him a gift
day of the meeting
greet naturally to my old friends
when it's time to greet her just say "hello"
 throughout the meeting not being able to say anything
my friends tell me "invite him something"
I will continue being a faggot
at the end of the meeting just leave a gift and leave quickly
<comment>
Was a she or a he? I'm confused, whose gift was it?
<comment>
run retard
trust me
<comment>
I'm just as confused, he didn't make sense.
<comment>
What? your crush was a tranny? I don't get it
<comment>
What is it you're looking for exactly? I don't know if you're as good looking as my friend, but in certain environments women have pretty much molested him. If you are just looking for some sex/validation, this might interest you.
<comment>
just a normal relationship of two people going through their lives together would be nice. but that's too idealistic to demand from this world anyways.
i wouldn't consider myself as conventionally attractive. like, 6/10, slightly above average, as mentioned. also i've been an obese shit for most of my life, especially after the high school when my depression got really unhinged. few women told me i have some kind of specific charisma around me. also i'm getting compliments about my deeper voice (thanks, i still hate it).
but despite getting to normal weight, becoming somewhat jacked and having other parts of my life solved or on a good track (like career, savings, owning a home), i still see myself as a fat shit unworthy of kindness, love and affection. so instead i live a solitary hermit life.
<comment>
I've told the story too many times of the cute chubby Asian girl that hit on me for a semester. It was a photography class and I gave her a spare film camera to use. So she started talking to me. One day she was poking me leg, working closer and closer to my crotch then poked my dick. I didn't do a God damn thing but laugh and keep working. Last day of class she takes me phone from me. I panic and chase her down, violently grab her hand, and rip it out of her hand. I didn't want her to see my stupid photos who knows what else. Well she looked at me, and saw what I really was. It was over. I didn't return to college the next semester
<comment>
How old are you if I may ask and do you at least have pets?
<comment>
be me 12 years ago, 19 yr old virgin at the time
chilling with friends at a coffee shop
some girls we know from uni are a few tables away
cute girl from their group I don't know loses a dare(they were playing a stupid game) and has to get on her knees and confess her love to me
very awkward but also kinda funny
we end up going out with that group of girls a few times
I start to like her a lot, everyone knows but I never make a move
Couple of weeks later a friend throws a mini party at his place
~an hour passes and I am playing dj sitting on his desk and picking songs from youtube
cutie comes up and asks if it would be ok if she picked a song or two
sure.jpg
she sits on my lap while slowly searching
a few minutes later and I am hard
she can feel it but says nothing and is grinding on my dick every now and then
only four of us left now
we drink some more and I black out
wake up next day and my friend informs me that me and the cutie ended up making out on the sofa BUT I fucking threw up on her, and she started screaming
I threw up on her...
send her a message to maaaaaybe try and salvage this but she doesn't wanna speak to me
never hang out with that group of girls ever again
ashamed and demoralized, it took me 2 fucking years to recover
<comment>
Did you forget end your message saying love tai?
<comment>
He's just like me fr, fr...
It isn't over anon, it never even began for us.
<comment>
took me 2 fucking years to recover
why's that? you sound like the type of guy women were throwing themselves at.
<comment>
Nah, this story was just a lucky occurrence. I was way too shy I guess. A waste really
<comment>
yeah, but you ended up with other girls right?
<comment>
Yeah I did end up fucking a landwhale to gain some confidence. It was either that or the part to wizardry
<comment>
path to wizardry*
<comment>
but wasn't she a stepping stone for you in the end? if i had to guess, you've slept with 10+ women by now.
<comment>
ur halfway there fren :)
<comment>
Yeah, I definitely viewed her as a stepping stone at the time for sure but the funny thing is that I regret it. She was much better than the other girls both in bed and as a person. I really should have encouraged her to improve herself and lose some weight but I just didn't give a fuck.
Tho she did end up fucking some nigger a few years later so maybe she was unsalvageable.
<comment>
She was much better than the other girls both in bed and as a person.
How was she better? Was there anything you found attractive about her physically? I always hear guys call girls land whales or hamplanets, but they still usually have really big tits or ass which are a real turn on us.
<comment>
which are a real turn on us.
*real turn on for us.
<comment>
I have only had one positive interaction with a female in my entire life, it is so disjointed from the rest of my life that it felt like a dream
be 17
at the seaside
fit, tall, extremely spergy, love swimming
i spend every day just swimming between the shore and a nearby island until i get tired, then get out, rest, and repeat
get up on the pier
"you are a very good swimmer no?" in a french accent
some cute tanned girl with short black hair is sitting at the edge of the pier
"i was watching you swim"
u-uh t-t-thanks
some guy (her dad?) yells something in french behind me
she gets up, walks past me, turns around, says "i think you are cute" and walks away
stand there completely stunned for the next 10 minutes, then continue swimming
am now 22
still swim at the pier every day every summer
havent spoken to a woman since
have never seen her again
It's like my one lucky break. My one moment of glory. It is my most cherished memory. Sometimes i lay in bed and recall the moment so i don't forget it. I will never kill myself because some day she could return to that pier maybe. Good things do happen sometimes. Those 3 sentences are firever etched in my mind.
<comment>
Physically she was fucking trash man...she did have big tits but no ass and her face was nothing special. Legit 2/10. First attempt I couldn't get it up and we left it at that till next morning.
However she was so good in bed that I ended up seeing her for 6 months or so. Always horny, talkative, always willing to try anything, could take the initiative or be submissive, gave a mean head. I regret not going full degenerate on her, she just wouldn't say no
<comment>
so it was just the sex and not her you liked?
<comment>
At the time yes, I also liked that she would cook for me I guess lmao.
However years later I realised that she is the person I connected with the most. She was fun to hang around, very easy to talk to, somewhat funny for a girl and she really did care. 
Truth be told I would never officially date her if she didn't lose some weight but like I said I should have shown her some support
<comment>
You'll get your chance again, just need to create more opportunities.
<comment>
Yeah, i'll probably just freeze up like i did back then haha. In retrospect, it's a good thing that she left immediately, because she would probably be disgusted with how much of a sperg i am.
<comment>
Why are we all autizmo
<comment>
Just become a lifeguard and meet some qts, anon. If you are as skilled as I'm lead to believe you could probably become one fairly quickly.
<comment>
This is obviously a Nagatoro fan episode
<comment>
No lifeguards where i live. This isnt baywatch lol. But yeah, i'm a pretty good swimmer.
<comment>
No lifeguards where i live
Why lie to me? Any place that has pools accessible to the public legally requires them.
<comment>
Can't relate, I'm a total fuck-up and not even good looking imo but somehow I always managed to blunder my way into dating and relationships, for the most part.
Biggest blunder was one girl I knew in freshman year of college. She always hung out with me in every class we had together, in hindsight mighta been flirting a little, awesome porcelain skin, blue eyes, red died shortish hair. 
Nice tits.
Woulda fucked raw really given the chance but nothing really came of it, I never just went for it.
There was also this other hot AF girl I knew around college. Don't know why because IMO she was out of my league, but she always seemed friendly with me even though we only knew each other through some peripheral mutuals, and never any of the same lectures. 
In hindsight I could have probably got something there to if I played my cards right.
Some Indian girl I realized years later was in her awkward 4chan-autist style way flirting with me. I think? 
And some various others I could have probably made something happen.
Anyway, point is, bros if you're obsessing over this shit, don't put women on a pedestal. And stop making them the centre of your existence and hanging your self worth up on them. 
Dating has never been harder, the effects of social media and other social trends has never made the competition tougher, and you're competing with women's own unrestrained hypergamy, or as we used to call it, delusional standards.
Like, work on your appearance and social skills, but mostly just treat women like normal human beings and develop a light playful dgaf attitude to life, at least around women. They can smell desperation, it's like vaginal desiccant.
<comment>
My town doesn't have a pool... that's why i go to the seaside every year. Plus, i hate pools, they smell like shit and piss
<comment>
You're not shy, nigga, you're some kinda retarded autistic.
This reads like those Reddit "what obvious sign from a girl did you miss?" posts.
<comment>
One of my worst
Freshman year of college
At a school I didn't really want to go to but was one of the few that accepted me. Decided early on that I would leave after 1 semester
Decided to not try to make any friends because I was going to leave anyway
Still go to some clubs and social events in the dorm. Meet this cute ginger girl
Adds me on social media. Whenever we see each other around she talks about the two of us hanging out sometime
One night she texts me that her roommate has a bunch of friends over and she doesn't have anywhere else to go. She asks if she can come to mine.
As soon as she arrives she makes herself very comfortable on my bed and is giving me a look that she wants me to come closer
I sit at my desk a distance away from her
We just chat for a bit until my roommate shows up. She then excuses herself to leave
The next times I see her around she seemed very agitated to talk to me. 
My fucking face when I realized what she was doing like years later
<comment>
Yeah been there, run.
<comment>
I'm actually in tears, lol. She literally delivers herself to you on your bed and you still say no. Doesn't matter though, sounds like getting girls is stupid easy for you.
<comment>
Slightest thing
It's over
Sometimes the problem with autismus isn't the social ineptitude, it's the total overreactions to ultimate non-events.
<comment>
studying in break room in my major's building
qt that's clearly interested in me sits across from me
says hello, I do the same
"Hey, Anon, class is about to start, let's go"
get up to leave
the moment we leave the room
"Anon, do you not want to be my friend?"
"What have I said indicative of such sentiment?"
pause
"Well, when I say hi I'm like 'HIIIIII!' and you're just like (autism voice) 'Hi.', and I always try to be friendly to you"
"Oh, sorry."
big smiling "It's OK!" and playfully bumps me
or on another day, same qt
"Hey Anon, did you plan on seeing Toy Story 3 in the student union this Friday?"
I hadn't, so my immediate literal answer is "No."
"Oh, OK, make sure to tell your friends to see it"
or on another day, same qt
in lab
randomly goes up to me to fix my labcoat collar
her face is less than two feet away from mine
says some things that I can't even remember anymore
pretty sure I said nothing because of how close she was
or on another day, same qt
in lab again
all the chem majors are doing a karaoke night thing
qt's friend invites me
qt overhears
beaming, "Anon, you're going?"
"No thanks."
<comment>
They are teasing you because they like you dummy
<comment>
You'd be surprised. I think people might think I'm kind of good looking on a superficial level but once they get to know me for like 10 minutes they realize I'm a retard.
<comment>
Pretty sure he's just ESL. My gf is ESL and she confuses he/she all the time because her native language doesn't distinguish them
<comment>
I remember fucking a girl that was fat in all the wrong places. I literally had to access some deep seated animal mode to fuck her. Not the part of the brain for when you lose all cotrol and smash a 10/10, no, some other bit a man in the face of life or death odds delves to power through a situation. The rage in the face of a storm. The sheer bravado a man needs to charge down an armed assailant. To sprint through live fire. 
Plus for her was it was the best fuck of her life because I returned to monke and she liked it wild. 
Bad news for me is it was mostly performative since I didn't really find her attractive so some of the most disappointing nuts I've ever had. I've had lazy fap sessions that were more exciting.
<comment>
do nothing but lift and read, in pretty good shape, have pretty much given up on women cuz IM socially shy...just wanna go monk mode
have pretty much given up on women cuz IM socially shy...
How come? You were in the army, which would force you to constantly interact with other people.
Since I will get conscripted next year, I was hoping that being forced to interact with my fellow man would fix my high social inhibition. But it seems that it may not do that.
<comment>
Negro you're me, I do that shit with one of my qt coworkers, I just don't know how to be less... autismo. She probably thinks I hate her or something
<comment>
mi sides, they is go-a tha pop anda flyoffa to tha moon
<comment>
Hes been spamming this on multiple boards for a while now
<comment>
Here's a quick one I'd forgotten about til now
be 17
starting to lose some weight
first job
work with 8/10 asian girl
Christian virgin
other coworker has crush on her
qt talks to me through every lunch break
always wants to learn more about me
finds out what books I read
starts buying me books I mention I want to read
visibly exited and nervous when she gives them to me
"oh cool thanks heaps that's so nice of you"
"anything for you anon!"
all goes over my head
goes on like this for a while
eventually mention other coworker has a huge has crush
she makes a show of being like ew not him no way
"you might be surprised, he's a great guy" (he wasn't)
she looks devastated
get new job soon after
haven't seen her since
<comment>
again, women are literally jumping into your bed with you doing next to nothing. You have it stupid ez, just enjoy it.
<comment>
awww, that is so unbelievably sweet :)
<comment>
It's bait anon, don't fall for it
<comment>
robots with friends and social circles
<comment>
meet girl at wedding
talk a bit but don't feel anything, don't pursue
she adds me on fb next day, starts talking to me
barely replies
wtf
<comment>
Ok but, WHERE DID HE GO? nigga dropped that shit and let us confused!
<comment>
im good looking but very autistic and retarded
no shit, you're not only talking to a woman about tanks but you're also wrong
<comment>
Someone clearly wasn't beaten enough in school...
<comment>
I don't normally read message screenshot replies, but I had to give it a look after this. Fucking kek, most people get this autism out of their system as teenagers after it backfires once.
<comment>
when women like you they are the ones who ask you questions
I just want to become Nosferatu Zodd and then spend my days hunting human beings and destroying things like factories and off shore driving platforms
<comment>
Meet cutie in post-grad class, get along
For once, don't spaghetti
Exchange numbers for "classwork"
Make a date to meet up next week
Out with a friend on Friday
Out of nowhere, she asks if I want to hang out that night
Tired, two beers in, but sure
Show up at the bar she's at, her five friends are there too
All start staring daggers at me
Try to be friendly, ignore it
Try to talk to girl, she gives me the cold shoulder and keeps talking to friends
Reading the room, I leave after one drink saying I'm tired
Get a long text the next morning how I'm an asshole 
Never replies back to my texts
She avoids me afterwards
It feels like I missed one key piece of info that fucked it up. It annoys me on a more problem-solving level than anything else.
<comment>
She probably said "Want to go back to my place?" which you misheard as a question about a German beer, and replied "No", not thinking anything of it
<comment>
I'm wondering if something happened between her asking you to hang out and you showing up to the bar. Like some sort of message she tried to send to you that you didn't pick up on.
<comment>
quick question, when you take these screenshots does she ever like ask tf you're doing and how do you respond?
<comment>
be 17
girl in my class and I are pretty intimate (no sex though)
goes on for like 2ish months
then she says we should stop 
week later she gets a bf
go on christmas break
come back to school
i get accused of sexual assault
lose all my friends but regained my "best friend" a week or two later when he realized she was lying
tells her to go to the police since i didn't do it
she doesn't (kinda sad cause could have sued for defamation of character and gotten monies) 
all the girls in my class hate me
this is the type of shit that makes me not wanna try and make moves anymore
<comment>
2 years out of highschool with minimal social interaction just feeling like dirt, girls show interest in me but I'm a brick wall so they just leave my classes
holidays come around and get a hospo job
first time i see this coworker they completely lock eyes with me, I didn't think too much of them at the time but now she is imprinted into my brain
she's always getting close to me and looking right into my eyes makes it super clear she likes me as more than just a friend. a bit skeptical and dont trust her but have never felt so validated before, develop feelings for her because she showed interest in me
get asked by other coworkers if I liked her, humour the situation since it made work more fun but also made me a bit paranoid
both comfortable in each others presence without words, but don't open up to her 
cant really connect with her at work so sorta asked her out, sorta got rejected 3 times total
kinda get obsessed with her and can tell she is obsessed with me since she had undergone quite some changes
never felt so high and so low before, unintentionally make things difficult and be a bit distant because, dont know what to do with her attention, lot of selfdoubt
every new week I see her I tell myself she is over me and end up destroy momentum.
compliment her on her hairdo on a certain day, enjoy our break together, build momentum again, soon after summer ends.
 she'd dyed her hair, think she's over me now so I try to end on my own terms and act cold to her, that was her last shift "took a break to focus on studies"
been a long 2 months, do not think work place wants her anymore now she wants to come back
realized my personality is a curse but I'm over her now and accept I will prob wont see her ever again,just feel bad for any emotional distress caused
<comment>
soon to be 34. and no pets. i cope with tons of activities and leaving pet home alone just for few hours of companion that fully dependends on me would be selfish
<comment>
Deadpan autist reporting in. I don't care about relationships and have never actively wanted one, I'm just notoriously oblivious since I don't think that way by default and people like to laugh at it. So here you go. No greentext for this one, only confession of shame.
Once upon a time, I had a shit life and it really fucked me up. Got pointed to therapy which was mostly useless since that therapist and I weren't the best fit, but I WAS encouraged to try to make friends. Approached a fellow fuckup and she attacked me with a sharp object, so that's a good start. It was a one-off since she was at her fucking limit at the time, and I know that feel so whatever. We ended up hanging out and became friends. You know, talking online, reading books, her almost accidentally setting my kitchen on fire, that sort of thing. Since we were both damaged goods, we understood how it be and helped one another with occasional trauma episodes. I acted as a jerk-bouncer when she started experimenting with normal social shit like dating, though that was infrequent and they rarely seemed to go past the first one. Figured it was her general discomfort with that sort of thing, and eventually it stopped altogether. She never seemed fully happy, though.
Long story short, I was close friends with this girl for 9 years and didn't notice she was into me for around 7 of them, despite all of the signs being there. My brain just glossed it over as her usual quirks. We're very similar and that made me kind of take her feelings for granted, I think? And that made it too awkward to say anything since there's a bit of a cultural thing at play. When she finally got too upset about it, snapped and just spelled it out for my dumb ass, I felt like a massive fucking dick for not noticing and making her feel bad for that long without knowing.
I also have workplace autism stories if anyone wants them. Those are more silly.
<comment>
be me in past
depressed 12 year old, wants to jump off a building after the continuous bullying at school and abuse from father
get in a recent accident after confronting a bully of mine
go to nurse's office, I apologise and have to pay for the bully's medication after confronting him
I hold in my tears during the whole time until I get on ride home, crying to my father and confession everything that happened and how he instigated it all
get hit a few times and told to shut up, so tired and mentally exhausted thereafter i just lie down in the living room and cry myself to sleep
before falling asleep, hear my father and a relative who's also a neighbor talk about how terrible I am so instead of doing anything about it I cry a bit more silently before I call asleep
make up mind to kill myself, try a few times like choking myself or pillowing away my breath and try to stab myself in the throat but fail as young me is too scared
Instead opt to find the nearest tallest building I can get access to roof too, a small mall in my hometown
hurriedly leave the house on a weekend wearing a hoodie so as to hide my young face as I sneaked past the personnel and employees nearby the stairs leading to roof
reach roof, about to kill myself but hesitate get again
about to jump off but a girl calls out from below, 
don't know why she's calling out to me so loudly, rubbing away my tears on my sleeves, walk slowly down, meet the girl in the middle of the mall
she calls out to me and asks me to sit, handing me a napkin and lets me be for a moment
awkward silence until she starts talking about herself, how she found everything so boring but knew that there was more to make of things or somethin along the lines of that
we talk for awhile and I forget what I was even doing in the first place, talking about the legend of king arthur
start to keave, she wipes my eyes and tells me they're a bit red with a chuckle
instantly fall in love but never get her name or number
<comment>
What building?
<comment>
Shit I have a few
Girl 1
freshman year of college
girl approaches me, apparently recognizes me from a class
always wanted to talk to me and hang out with me
I got annoyed so I started avoiding her
she realized and got angry and I lost contact with her
realize that she was actually cool and a legitimate chance to escape inceldom, but because I was an incel who missed out on this in hs, I got scared and chickened out, didn't know how to handle situation
5 years later still beat myself up over it
Girl 2
junior year of college
sit next to girl in class
class has lots of partner work
she was always my partner
became friends, only talked in class
at the end of semester we walked together after class and she said how much she enjoyed getting to know me
too scared to ask her out/get number
never saw her again
Girl 3
senior year
meet girl at party become friends
she's in same college club as me 
actually managed to get number
but too scared to ask her out 
she got a bf
ghosted me
And now I'm out of college and completely WASTED my best years. It hurts.
Now there is another girl from Discord who I actually managed to ask out and am meeting soon. Hopefully I won't fuck up this chance
<comment>
I threw up one time at concert and went right back out to hit on this girl. I was so drunk I couldn't tell she was trying not speak to me.
<comment>
A small mall I still frequent in my hometown. Its been a few years since then though, I never saw the girl after that. She was my first love too :(
<comment>
There's one specific house party I was at at around 17 or 18 where I almost certainly could have kicked off a normal-ish sex life and from that alone massively diverged from the path I was on.
Girl had been flirting with me for weeks. She was kinda weird, kinda vaguely goth-y and my friends were not quiet about thinking she was gross - but, like, I absolutely should have said fuck it and taken what I could get. Big tits go a long way with me.
Anyways, like, weeks and weeks go by of her going out of her way to talk to me, getting close, being touchy, what have you. There's one specific moment where, in retrospect, she may as well have said "Do you like my tits?" - end of the day at this Catholic school, and she's unbuttoning her uniform shirt in front of me to reveal a tight, low-cut tank and at some point during this brief conversation gets close enough to press them against me. I give her just absolutely nothing, partially out of this deep spergy conviction I'm somehow being messed with and partially because I'm friends with these dudes who can afford to have standards leagues above my own, and don't have the balls to be like "Fuck you guys I wanna get my dick touched".
Cut to the party, everyone's drunk the way you can only get off vodka you stole from your parents and didn't mix with anything. Same girl finds me having taken a seat on the couch, and promptly sits on my fucking lap and is talking to me like inches from my face. Definitely could have kissed her, definitely could have taken her upstairs and done more if I had.
Instead, I just went completely fucking catatonic and just straight up ignored her, sort of pretending to have the spins or whatever, until she finally gave up, pounced on some other dude, and basically never spoke to me against after that, pretty understandably.
<comment>
working a fast-paced clerical wagie job
stressful sometimes but easy to stay /fit/ since it also involves some lifting
there's a bunch of forms people need to fill out
expedited the process by making labels for some of it, have to sweep the wax paper into recycling quickly between every person to keep space clear
in the zone, helping so many fucking people, getting twice the shit done as my coworker
Customer comes in, rapidly pull out the necessary paperwork
slide the forms in, explain what's needed, get work done while Customer writes
and I guess tests the pen on some scrap?
they die sometimes, so I make a mental note to check the ink in that one later
help someone else and finish, time everything perfectly so I turn back right when Customer is done writing and the forms are done
check briefly: looks good, take it and sweep the scrap paper into the bin, ask if they need anything else
Customer stiffens and stares at me awkwardly
there's a pause that's a tiny bit longer than normal
"uh, n-no", goes away looking kind of spaced out and sullen
think it's weird but hope Customer has a better day, keep going until everyone's cleared and all is quiet
suddenly hear laughing, it's coworker staring at me with her mouth covered and her face red
wonder if she had a weird person, so I ask her why she's laughing
"her phone number written on that wax paper you swept away"
... fuck
remember the look of a small internal death on that face
feel like an asshole
she laughs harder when she sees the realization hit
This particular coworker girl loved to watch this these things happen, and I was apparently regular entertainment for her whenever we worked together. Her sharing this shit in the staff room all the time is partially why everyone else who worked there thought I was "funny" and teased me over it. Thankfully the workplace flirting was restricted to 2-3 girls only and it was just to mess with me, so I know they probably weren't serious. I think.
<comment>
...so, social ineptitude?
<comment>
I dont simp over random women and i'm also not a social retard. But ive also been alone save for a few best friends over the years. 
I guess it all started because i would rather be alone that suffer when trying to fit in with people i have nothing in common with. 
Anyway my only regret was this really bubbly pixie girl who made it obvious she liked me, which causee her friends to force me to confess to her. I have never felt so sick as then and for the first few times in my life i spoke fast and stuttered. It all went well of course but at this point I was such a sigma male (kissless hugless virgin) that I was disturbed by affection and so even though she asked to hug me constantly I would slip away and deflect her affection . Whenever she waved to me in the halls I would ignore her and she would get the most dejected look. After she said that there were other guys that keep asking her to date and that she cant wait on me any longer I then didnt talk to her. Later my best friend at the time told her I wasnt talking to her because I hated her when I obviously never hated her, I had just been so used to being alone, that being with someone was weird to me.
In my cowardice I never explained her that I never hated her. Im still ashamed about that and hopefully I can fix things with her, its been about a year and i'm just procrastinating on it.
<comment>
Wrong reply, meant to reply to op.
The image and reply attached to this was mean to be coupled with the caption 
oh, thats cool.
<comment>
(autism voice) 'Hi.'
lol
<comment>
Her sharing this shit in the staff room all the time is partially why everyone else who worked there thought I was "funny" and teased me over it
Didn't it bother you that she would keep sharing with everyone your blunders and what you were doing? I feel like I'm not being overly sensitive, but I would be pissed off and would want her to kind her own business.
If you have anymore stories you would like to share, pls do?
<comment>
mfw i left her on read
mfw it's been years already
This was more brutal for her anon lol.
<comment>
Newfag/lurker but i have a couple things here
first year of university
meetcute upper year student leader during frosh week
always end up chatting 
she clearly thinks im a chad or something
only 17, and no dating between residence reps and students
i turn 18, literally spawncamped
we eat dinner together once
study together
she takes me to a festival
she brings me over 3x to her house to study or smoke weed
"are you cold anon i can get you one of my hoodies" 
"no thanks."
i was so nervous that she didnt actually like me
looking up "10 signs a girl is into you"
she hits 9/10
sperg brain focuses on the 1/10 
by the start of second year she thinks i friendzoned her
start to drift apart
dont talk anymore
I have a gf now so im glad things worked out as they did but damn I was retarded.
again first year frosh week
my friend likes this cute white girl
she has this asian bestie and they stick together
i wingman and get the bestie away from the target 
friend ends up dating the target
well done 47
im talking with the bestie and shes super chill and cool
play cards and shit with them until 4 am
talk with bestie throughout the year
she takes me to dinner on valentines day
we go to her room
literally just sit there and talk bc i dont know how to make a move
<comment>
Didn't it bother you
Kind of, but more in the way you'd get annoyed at your brother for eating your fridge snacks without asking. You can tell the difference between malice and someone taking the piss for social cohesion. It's like the woman version of banter, it can actually endear others to you. Plus it really is my own short-comings; poking fun at them doesn't make them any more or less real. Learning to accept them and laugh about it helps, and now I'm a little more aware. Sorta, maybe.
If you have anymore stories you would like to share, pls do?
Fuckton.
I am a water chad
don't drink booze or coffee
working, been a parade of rude motherfuckers, probably a full moon
putting on full Fresco.png because I really don't wanna be there
take a customer, never seen her before
Large Lass(tm) that dresses like "It Came From Tumblr", not entirely sure if man-wannabe
feel instant despair
oh hell, is this going to be another crazy person?
greets me, polite and soft-spoken
thank fuck, you may look however Tumblr you like, miss
semi-complicated request but easy enough to do, goes smoothly
she chats at me the whole time and tries to get me to say things (I don't say much unless necessary)
willing to go along with it a little out of relieved gratitude
ask if she needs anything else
she stands there considering me for a sec, looking me over like my boss doing a uniform check
...?
"would you like to get coffee?"
instant "no thanks, I don't drink coffee"
"well, it doesn't have to be coffee..."
I have no plans of going to a cafe at all, frankly
not sure why she's so set on this specifically but I wish her own visit well if that's what she's into
"no thank you"
she echoes me slowly with this complicated expression
??? 
we wish each other a good day and she leaves
why does she look kinda sad--oh no
realize as she turns away that she was asking me out
stare at the wall for a couple minutes reflecting on why the fuck I'm like this
<comment>
Brother, you must be one handsome dude for this to regularly happen to you. You have no interest in dating at all? Also, I'll take as many stories as you feel like sharing.
<comment>
I actually have two addendums for the first of these two. Like our interactions were like this
we sit down in the library, and i notice some stain or something on her chair
tell her about it and she jumps up out of it
"is there anything on my pants?" 
she bends over the table a bit and presents her ass to me to check
very nice ass but i was too shy and worried, i should have given a compliment or something but did not
"yup, all good." 
later that week, she was sitting on the grass outside with some friends before coming to study with me
"can you check really quick if theres any grass stains for me?"
same thing again, this time shes wearinf tight leggings
And then this is the exact time when she basically gave up
studying in library, plan to study with her today
she says she is feeling like staying in, if i wanna come over
i have a good spot in the library, and i want people to see me with her so they dont know im an inkwell
tell her that i have a good spot etc
can sense some level of frustration and i get a bit frustrated myself, like why switch up like that
she really wants me to come over but eventually just says okay ill study here ttyl
<comment>
biology undergrad course
meet lab partner, cute tall nerdy girl
I'm ugly tall nerdy boy
bubbily and nice to me every prac
start getting close
ffw several weeks, complete tonal shift
never bubbily, never nice
becomes complete professional
always wondering what I did to wrong to her
ffw a couple years, fucking around on facebook
check my spam folder
see pic related
<comment>
I literally don't understand the message in the pic. What is she trying to say?
<comment>
You have no interest in dating at all?
Never have, seems like a bother. I've gone back to full hikkineet since I can support that lifestyle now, so I just spend my time reading, working out and fucking with MCs. I'm not wholly against the idea, but the person would have to mesh just right since I need a ton of alone time. And yeah, sure. Mi suffering es su suffering.
cleaning some shit at work on a slow day
semi-familiar talky black cougar with niglets in tow comes in
they're hyperactive but surprisingly well-behaved, I don't mind these kids
she, however, always gives me weird vibes
she asks me some questions and I answer the best I can
some of them are inane but whatever, the public can be retarded and it's nothing new
this goes on for at least 10 minutes until she runs out of things to ask and apparently just wants to chat instead
(this also happens a lot; I used to think it was rising loneliness in society but, looking back at these stories, I am no longer sure)
whatever, I got 90% of my shit done, I can listen
patiently listen to some kind of story about her ex, noticed sometimes normalfags do this because they have no filter and want to vent at someone who can't escape
be politely sympathetic, this goes on for a while
"you're always so nice and you're so cute, too~"
wat
this is out of absolutely nowhere (my POV; I am retarded, please understand)
she leans in and starts doing the touchy thing and gets kinda suggestive
nope
"would you wanna--"
nope nope nope
realize in hindsight that the weird feeling I got every time we interacted was her flirting and winding up for this
politely decline
[declining intensifies]
have to do so several times
she leaves after rounding up her kids
never see her back there again
really hope it isn't because she feels angry or embarrassed
mfw I could have possibly dodged all of this weeks ago if I wasn't involuntarily selectively blind
Typing this one out kind of hurt.
<comment>
Typing this one out kind of hurt.
Eh, I don't see why it should. You admit to having no interest in dating so it's not as if you are losing out on anything, right? 
fucking with MCs
What's this? Do you talk to your family at least? (Of course keep going if you're down, I'll pull up to the fireplace)
<comment>
She was trying to add me as a friend on facebook and couldn't figure it out somehow, I never saw the message and she must have also assumed I did it on purpose
On a side note, now 10 years later I've overcome autism and set up my first date with someone bumble for tomorrow, wish me luck
<comment>
I think I hate cyborgs more than normies honestly
wah wah I'm ripped and women like me but I'm still a robot fr fr
Fuck off and go have sex
<comment>
now 10 years later I've overcome autism and set up my first date
You're not Chad? If it really is your first date ever, I truly wish you the best of luck.
<comment>
hire a prostitute
We fuck
Repeat
Nothing new or special
<comment>
I'm here aren't I?
even if she takes one look at me and walks out I'll count it as a win
<comment>
Eh, I don't see why it should. You admit to having no interest in dating so it's not as if you are losing out on anything, right?
It's not concerning myself, but the way she kind of internally deflated and left with a faux casual air. Then she never came back and I have no way to be sure it wasn't related. A lot of them do that. I hate being around people most times and I definitely don't wanna get in deep like that, but it doesn't mean I want to hurt them, either. It's easier when no one is around. Online is nice for that.
What's this?
Microcontrollers. I like building robots and stuff. Also been looking into AI and neural networks since it overlaps with several of my interests in general. The AI I've made previously obviously pale in comparison to what's being done now and I currently lack the raw hardware capabilities to train such large models anyway, but I suppose it's not out of the realm of possibility one day. Maybe start making the wAIfu thing a reality for you guys without the corporate censor. I'd just rather not drain too many of my assets at this point in time due to the questionable economic state of... uh, pretty much everywhere.
Do you talk to your family at least?
Absolutely not, and it's better that way. I have a grand total of 3 irl contacts whom I see only rarely and one is away for a year or two with real no way to talk to him until he gets back.
my first date with someone bumble for tomorrow, wish me luck
Nice, good luck, man. Make sure you shower and wear something that fits. You got this.
<comment>
I'm here aren't I?
Yeah, but so are many Chads in this thread. If you read through the stories, you can tell by the way girls are throwing themselve at lightspeed. Definitely take the win, but don't give up either. Nothing has happened yet so it's still possible for things to turn out well. Would you make a post tomorrow about it for us? Ever see what that girl was up to these days?
<comment>
Would you make a post tomorrow about it for us?
I'll do it for you, I'm expecting a pleasant chat (easy) then her saying she didn't feel the vibe over text and me realising I'm ok with being single forever (difficult). 
I don't read chadposting because I assume it's fake and also I don't relate so it's not worth it
Make sure you shower
It's after work but good advice
<comment>
all these normalfags that are humblebragging about having women throw themselves at them
If you've EVER had a woman approach you, you need to leave this board immediately.
<comment>
text this girl i met online occasionally for a bunch of years
just a friendship, no interest in taking things further from both of us
this year she starts texting me more frequently
asks for pictures and voice messages
she tells me she wants to come visit me (she lives in another country)
one day she asks if we are friends
i say yes
she asks me if I want something more
i say no
she doubles down and tells me that she's horny
i reply with a photo of a monkey
only a few months later i figured out what she was trying to do, it was so fucking obvious and i can't believe that i was so fucking dumb. don't regret anything btw because i didn't like her
<comment>
I'll do it for you,
Thank you : )
<comment>
i reply with a photo of a monkey
Based /fit/chad.
<comment>
I'd suggest having some light cologne too
<comment>
i have a boring one
sort of 4\10 from certain angles, obese, romantic interactions with females zero to none
around 24-25, wasting time on dead-end warehouse job
not a lot of friends, more like "guy who knows a guy who knows a guy" interactions
on one random hangout talked to to a girl longer than expected
6/10, but really cheerful, greenish gray eyes, a bit geeky
oh no, that's a crush
since it's basically first time, hormones\mental going off the rails
doing all the dumb romantic(?) stuff infantile retard would do
the catch? she's dating one of the guys from same crowd
worst thing she's aware of my feeling and being rather sad about whole situation
time skip 5 years
got in a little bit of shape, stable job, still no life
stalking her social medias
she got married, divorced 3 years later (guy was a dick desu), and was dating another guy
ohfuckherewegoagain
company proposes relocation due to coof-19, instantly agree
one more 5 year skip
NEETing the fuck out in another country,
physical slowly leaning into obese territory, not caring much
not a lot to do since different country = even less human interactions and social skills are solid 0
went back home to see parents, got dragged out by one of people from old group
"hey, %girlname% was wondering if you're in town, said hi"
oh. Cool.
It's kind of funny how i should feel something i dunno, nostalgia at least?, but there's nothing inside. Maybe i should start drinking again.
<comment>
Is this pic from 4chan? I would really like to read the thread if possible?
<comment>
Putting on colonge feels like I'm destroying what makes me me, and I am not the kind of person that wears cologne
I've dressed in the same style for the past 15 years, perhaps you can now see why I've been single this long
<comment>
https://archived.moe/fit/thread/39046333
If you're worried about acting like a horny sperg, fap before you clean yourself up for the date to get it out of your system so you're not all geared up.
<comment>
Thanks for finding the link for me
<comment>
The stories in OP made it pretty clear the flavor of fuckups was not going to be conventional fare. There's a lot of kinds of autism that keeps people virgins, though I guess the catfucker guy is a cyborg. Make a thread only for stories about school humiliations, or go on the webring version of the board if it bothers you since it's reclusive and more about rejecting 3D and embracing autistic hobbies. Probably moves too slow for zoomers, though.
<comment>
Are you still a virgin? Has your libido diminished?
<comment>
jesus christ even at maximum teenage self loathing autism I'd have realized someone asking for pics of me with no top on and touching me wanted to fuck oh my god you absolute retard faggot I hope you die in real life
<comment>
Drinking just makes things worse in every way, don't do it man. What country did you get transferred to?
<comment>
no, i'm not. my body count though is lower than five and higher than three, so pretty much mediocre. regarding my first post in this thread, my initial and long term experience with women had been terrible. that made me dislike the superficial world of hookups and one night stands even when i'm eligible to live this lifestyle (at least on the physical side of requirements).
as for my libido, it decreased a bit in my late 20s but it still the same since then. usually i jerk of one to three times a day but can go few days without molesting myself.
<comment>
Swapped one third-world to another third world, so not a lot changed in terms of QoL stuff. Language barrier is a bitch thou.
<comment>
fat embittered 17yo
this website is +18, get the fuck out newfag
prepubescents motherfucker, go work out and read books before you turn into a miserable cunt like half the people in this board, faggot
<comment>
When you're so filled with self-loathing, your mind can make excuses for even the most obvious of come-ons.
<comment>
The man is 22
<comment>
keep going
k
training new guy, young and bright-eyed, it's his first day
want to be good example and have everything go smoothly
shit fell off shelf at home the previous day and cut my forehead
it's kind of obvious even covered, can see people staring at it while trying not to be obvious themselves
already self-conscious, just makes it worse
one of the usual chill chicks from a local salon in today
asks me what's with the bandage, explain situation but try to make light of it
"heh, knowing my luck it'll probably scar"
"haha that's okay I think scars are really hot"
weird way to word that, but... I think she's trying to be nice and supportive?
that's comforting, I guess. sorta. maybe people won't care?
try to keep an eye on the newbie, who gets all the quick easy stuff for now while she keeps talking to me
asks if I want to do something later
have 0 desire to go anywhere with a customer, especially outside work hours
that's prime alone time and my bed beckons
pro at dodging obligatory social workplace invites by now
shrugs, kinda twirls away and leaves
never done that before and seems contrary to her usual modus, wonder if she drank a little at work
interaction becomes the main topic behind the desk to my confusion
coworker girl weighs in that this is normal and starts telling stories to new guy
apparently salon chick HAS done stuff like this before, just never noticed because it wasn't as obvious
motion for her to shut the fuck up, get ignored
feel a sudden urge to see if I can hammer throw her into the trash from here to make her stop
she's small, I can probably do it
remember we have security cameras set up, even my humorous hyperbolic hypotheticals aren't allowed to work in my mind
my shot at having a normal work rep with someone for once is gone instantly before my eyes
the new guy will join in the rest in forever remembering me as the flirtard
I will never be free
cut also did scar because of course it did
<comment>
she's small, I can probably do it
remembering me as the flirtard
You're a really funny dude, too bad you like people enjoying your company. If she worked at the salon, safe to say she was fairly hot?
<comment>
I got hard from reading this. Interacting with women is a total fantasy to me.
I should probably move to a different industry, one with chicks. There aren't many chicks in fluorochemics.
<comment>
I'm a poor judge of hot but I always thought she was pretty. I remember thinking she had a nice face. This happened around 5 or 6 years ago so I'm hazy on the finer details, especially since you could easily see 100+ people every day at that job. I think she was a Chinese mix, a fellow part-azn, though she looked it more and likely didn't have the associated lifetime problems with fitting in somewhere. She had a casual sort of style that made her seem easy-going even in the uniform. The salon was more modern, if I had to deduce based on just this.
You're a really funny dude
If life's gonna make you a clown, all you can do is accept the resulting circus. Honk honk. Looking over them, I think these anecdotes are the closest I ever had to a normal life and it was at a fucking wageslave job I specifically picked to powerlevel my weak social skills. Some mildly depressing schadenfreude to sprinkle over your daily kek.
<comment>
i wish there was somewhere i could read all your stories in your writing, its hard to explain but i like it since it flows so good
<comment>
This right here, you're good at it. We probably won't run into each other ever again besides this thread, more?
<comment>
yea i personally would gladly make a basic website for it, maybe something like this one im currently working on
<comment>
That would be really cool. Too bad in the current year, you probably wouldn't get much traffic and would have to resort to tumblr or something similar.
<comment>
be me
early teens
friends with a girl
she has a crush on me
turn her down for a fat weeb so that we stay friends
she cries that night at a church sleepover
i regret my decision for the next few years
19 years old now
see her while ordering coffee
ask for a double double and leave without speaking to her really at all
hear she broke up with bf and was looking for me
probably a lie or misunderstanding
create an instagram account just to message her
pictures of her with her bf
message her asking hows life been and if she wants to talk
she doesnt open it for 3 days
4th day
she opens it
doesnt respond
next day
pictures posted of her with bf
so fucking over
<comment>
true true sometimes i hate the modern internet :(
<comment>
It is what it is, you can't beat it.
<comment>
posts that cause you physical pain when read
ow
<comment>
Happy to hear my broken brain nonsense can make a few wayward anons happy for a little while. You're likely right as I don't post here often; the board (and site in general) has changed a lot from when it was first made and it ceased to be comfy a long time ago.
I'd rather not throw my life stories up on a proper site, I'm just here to shitpost memories into the wind and let them die with the thread like everyone else. However, if you're particularly good at analyzing writing styles, you may come across some articles and papers floating around certain spaces that seem familiar, though the subject matter is rather different and not all of them are in English. Maybe you will see me again that way, if only a past-me.
more?
I'm trying to think of ones worth transcribing. It's from over a period of around 10 years and most of the days were pretty samey. There was a consistent "thing" where I apparently always scared the new female workers that didn't work directly with me that I wasn't aware of. Apparently they all thought I was serious and scary or something because I don't emote much unless I remember to fake something. There was a Filipino lady on the team who adored me for some reason and treated me like a sibling, so she was like "nooo, not scary!" and suddenly hugged me from behind to prove the point and the new girl lightened up after that. On the outside it could be considered a "cute" moment, but it was actually awful and tense internally. See, I had a real bad time with physical bullying and homelife growing up and I also do shit like kickboxing now, so if I hadn't froze I would have reflexively elbowed through her face and accidentally proved her wrong. I can't even make this one flow as an entertaining greentext, the whole thing was pure stress.
<comment>
Shes so pretty too, and we were so close. Havent had a gf since fat weeb. Still never had sex or someone I really loved.
<comment>
I'm sorry, man. What happened to the fat weeb?
<comment>
She trooned out. Didnt like her really anyway but she had friends and I needed friends.
<comment>
She trooned out.
I want to strange big pharma with my bare hands.
<comment>
Yeah, that whole friend group trooned out as far as I know, all fat weebs really into yaoi. I just wanted to maintain a pure relationship with coffee shop girl, eventually she just stopped talking to me and now Im a lonely insecure incel creepily messaging her delusionally thinking she may still be interested. I deserve this though honestly, cant get her crying in that storage room at church in the dark while talking to me outta my head.
<comment>
Be me
17 yo lifeguard
short and slim build
average or slightly below average face
just another day at the pool
qt Mexican girl grabs my attention
asks for my number
tell her I will give it to her when I am on break
finally on my break
she approaches me again and we exchange numbers
finally get off work
get text
it is her
we text and bit and find out her uncle owns a restaurant
we decide to go on a date there
things started off kind of awkward but gradually got better
we decide to walk around the park and talk
everything goes well
drop her off at home
text her every other day
go on a second date the next week
things go well
third week hits
go on a third date at a fancy sushi restaurant
still wanting to hangout so we decide to stop by the arcade
third date literally could not have been more perfect
get text a day or two later
it is her obviously
excitement.jpeg
hey anon I had a great time with you but I do not think we should pursue anything further
before I could even ask why she blocks me
spend the rest of my night drinking an entire bottle of whiskey
fast forward to now
19 yo
lonely and depressed
still single and living with parents
almost been a year since I graduated high school
friends never want to hangout anymore
only people that I ever get to hangout with now are my dad and grandpa
have done nothing this past year except watch anime and play vidya
still figuring out what type of college education I want to pursue
body and face slightly improved but are still mostly the same
good paying part-time job
go to the gym every once and a while
realize nothing has changed and has only gotten progressively worse over the past few years
mfw my life is extremely boring and I have no one to share it with but myself
I hate myself worth a passion and honestly this world would probably be warmer if I left.
<comment>
early day after a very late night, feeling very tired
at least it's not a heavy workload today
help someone get their shit to fill out, very proper-looking/acting sort of older lady with a relaxed air about her
brain on auto-pilot, grateful she seems smart and needs basically no instruction
while she's working off to the side, help a new girl that just came to the desk
she's also looking very tired and unkempt, doesn't even look up at me the whole time
man
iknowthatfeel.jpg
get what she needs and collect payment from this kindred spirit
hand her her stuff
glances up and looks weirdly wide-eyed/dazed out of nowhere, like she just realized where she was
uh oh
remember we occasionally get druggies wandering in
mild_concern.jpg
quietly pray this isn't one of them
mild_concern_to_uneasy_worry.gif
I'm too tired to cogitate someone else's mental well-being today, please don't do this to me
she starts laughing in this kind of breathless way and starts slowly backing away
what the fuck
"... are you okay...?"
"Hahaha, yep! I'm great!"
leaves around the corner like that, leans back for a last look while still giggling to herself while I stand there and blink
stare squinting at where she disappeared, trying to get my 2 conscious neurons to process what just happened
benefit of the doubt, brain decides it was sleep deprivation
yes this makes sense; it mimics some symptoms of inebriation, including giggle fits sometimes
wistfully wish to myself that I could be that happy when I'm tired
go to help lady on the side, who was quietly watching when she finished partway through
she's just staring at me with this weird smile
ask her what's up
she just glances between me and where the girl disappeared, then looks away shaking her head laughing, "oh, nothing~"
wonder if this a humored reaction to the weird behavior young people or--
...
...oh
god damn it not again
she leaves chuckling to herself
I want to sink into the floor and stay there
<comment>
cant get her crying in that storage room at church in the dark while talking to me outta my head.
Storytime?
The upside is that you're still a teen. When you get into college, absolutely do introduce yourself to people, even if it's just your roommates or a school club. Reaching out is often the only way to meet people or everyone just assumes you want to be left alone and you get nowhere.
<comment>
https://voca.ro/14jcXfSokLBe
<comment>
I swear, this thread was made for you to shine lol. Have any of the girls ever been physical with you? I mean blatantly like sitting on your lap and grinding or shoving your arm between their boobs while walking? Anything that screams they are interested?
<comment>
Imma ignore the point of this thread and tell about an actual good experience I had whit a buddy 
19 
life has been fucking me over(not in the good sense)
felt really sad and nedded a hug 
she accepted my needs
couldnt have a day of caressing because my mom was at home :/ 
it was a fun day though, we played games, gave her a free lunch, talked about things 
anyway after that i was escorting her home 
my_butt_has_been_touched.jpeg 
in the car we could at least have some time alone 
eventually she got really horny 
gave me my "first kiss tm"
after that well....
we caressed each other and things started to get heated 
almost did an irresponsible thing....
she finally got home
after that we chatted some more
had a free day and she came to my house
now me has sex buddy >:D
<comment>
I turned her down for a fat weeb, cause I wanted our friendship to last forever, she was crying in the storage room at a church sleepover because I was with the fat weeb, but I left the fat weeb to talk to her, we must have sat 2 hours in that room with the lights off cause she didnt want me to see her cry.
<comment>
I should really kill myself.
<comment>
Now look here, you--
I pointedly avoid as many situations as possible where this can happen. This shit only occurred at all because I was at work and a flood of people were coming to me, and I was in work wear instead of dressed like the Unabomber in hobo chic. There were a few times where someone sat close or something, but it was near the end of high school which was just a few years after my shoulder got fucked up pretty bad by a psycho kid with a box cutter, so it didn't register as anything but some kind of potential attack. I always just tensed up or moved away and most got the message. Helps I accidentally broke someone's nose when they tried to shake me awake from a nap.
There was a weird fixation with my hair though, still is. (I wear it longer since I look bad with shorter hair, and I guess girls like that.) I'd been visiting a friend of the family working at a local business in the mall and was heading home. Some girl I'd seen in the halls a few times walked over from her friends and started just... petting my head? It was fucking weird and I'm still not sure if it wasn't some kind of joke between them. I asked her to stop and she eventually did and left. I think that's when I started wearing a hood full-time. I had it down once years later, and some ladies running a hair care booth accosted me to try to ask me about products or if I was interested, and one of them wouldn't stop running her fingers through it even when I asked her to stop and it was really uncomfortable. She was like 90s Morticia Addams crossed with Nosferatu and something about her manner made all sorts of red flags shoot up. Made you feel like she was going to harvest your organs for her company. Managed to force out an increasingly tense "no thank you" and extricate myself from their claws.
So yeah, I'm a hazard to everyone around me and everything outside my house is terrifying. I haven't even gotten to the stories where guys have tried.
<comment>
oh im sorry if i made you mad i just thought it would fit well with the music
<comment>
This is gonna sound dumb, but that whole "there is no growth without pain" thing is true. That experience sucked but it's important because it's helping teach you what to do in the future if something like this happens again, even if it's not to you. No one can see the future and you're not bad for what you did. You made a call, you took it, and it turned out to be one you didn't like. That's all. Trick is to try to do better every day, even if it's not by a lot.
<comment>
I'm not mad, I'm bantering back. It was begging to be made fun of. It's gratifying you noticed I specifically made that part tongue-in-cheek, if anything. Maybe I'll do the next one in Limerick form.
<comment>
yes, yes you should. imagine fumbling that hard
<comment>
Thanks man, kinda had to say no as well, couldnt just break with the fat weeb for her, but I shouldve.
<comment>
So hard. Shes so fucking pretty and nice and adorably awkward.
<comment>
Loyalty is an extremely important trait. The only problem is that it isn't universal, so you have to learn who it give it to. That's part of the growth game, too. I've also fucked up there pretty hard, I think everyone has. You're part of the club now, bud.
<comment>
Just scrolled through her instagram again, suicide fuel.
<comment>
No. Do not do that. Bad. It does no good and you're hurting yourself for no reason. There is no gain to be had. Close the social media cancer.
<comment>
Wish you could see her, youd know how hard I fumbled.
<comment>
Blonde hair, blue eyes, skinny.
Shes the nicest person youd ever meet, socially awkward and self conscious but in a really cute way.
<comment>
ok OP is here to confirm for the 1000x time, "fembot" fuckers dont actually exist
we get it. women have it easy
<comment>
Appreciate the good and value that's there, but don't dwell, man. You're just lengthening one brief mistake into one that lasts years instead of moments, and you can't gain the xp if the fight never ends. I dunno when that'll be for you, but definitely don't torture yourself needlessly. Maybe you'll meet again in the future. If that happens, it'd probably be great if you were the best version of yourself that has as much shit together as he can manage. And if it doesn't happen, you're still better off than you'd be turning yourself into a suicidal alcoholic over pixels owned by Zuckerberg on bookface 2.0, now with feet pics.
<comment>
Holy fuck, she didnt actually open it, there is no seen status, I dont know if I dreamed it. Pray for me anons.
<comment>
be freshman in college
gay roommate is friends with bpd theater girl
she for some reason gets a super crush on me and goes doey eyed for me whenever she is around
always yelling out "hey anon!" to me
forward to when all the cheerleaders are taking pictures with student's families
my mom had left the day before so I am alone
she offers to take a picture with me
we are standing side by side
her friend tells us to move in closer (to the camera) we instead move closer in to each other
fast forward to homecoming dance
she is in the dorm room lobby wearing a really pretty red dress and when she sees me she goes "heeey anon..."
I just say "hi" and go up to my room
the dance is going on but I don't go because I didn't have any "fancy clothes" so I just sit in my room on my laptop
see girl next day and she says "hi anon" in a flat angry voice
she has a boyfriend the next week
I am a senior and still haven't had a girlfriend
Why am I like this
<comment>
can confirm anon
<comment>
Is this what femoids mean when they say "There must have been girls in your life who liked you, and you just didnt pick up on their signals cus your autistic"?
If so, that means I literally never have had a girl express any interest to me.
<comment>
bpd theater girl
Call yourself Neo because you dodged a fucking bullet, is what you did. Never even fathom getting involved with BPD chicks unless you know she's in therapy to help her control it and can confirm it's working.
<comment>
actually wtf
You're not op
Fuck off Jewish ai
<comment>
Exactly, she had a bf next week so a relationship with her would have been questionable at best.
<comment>
no shit, fukcing moid
<comment>
That kinda reminds me of something I fumbled my freshman year
Live next door to a gay guy who has a lot of girlfriends. He has them over a lot
One night I walk by his dorm on my way to mine
I hear a knock on my door. Open it up and one of the girls is standing there
She introduces herself, tells me that she has seen me around campus and wanted to know my name
Chat for a little bit. I dont get what compelled her to just show up at my door like this
Every time I see her around campus after that she goes out of her way to grab my attention and say hi to me
<comment>
You never thought to invite her in?
<comment>
You are a fembot right? How bad did I fumble, do you think there is a chance? Im coffee shop girl guy by the way.
<comment>
Thought it would have been weird in the moment if she was supposed to be next door hanging out with her friends. Also >>73157630 is me so I was still acting like I didnt want to make any friends
<comment>
so what's the problem then? you didn't exactly make a blunder since you did what you wanted, right? i mean, your goal at the time was no relationships and you achieved it. i would of understood better if you wanted something and made a mistake in the moment, but you didn't. at the next school did you start getting girls then?
<comment>
when did i say i was a fembot
<comment>
The problem is that I realized I was being retarded by trying to act like some kind of Ryan Gosling sigma male character instead of just going for it
And tragically, at my next school I had more opportunities to get girls that I diffused with my autism.
<comment>
so you haven't had a gf/sex before?
<comment>
You guessed it
<comment>
the last girl i tried dating straight up tried to blackmail me via parents after our first date because she said "she felt like it", it's been half a year and i'm still worried about dating
<comment>
You called someone a moid.
<comment>
how many more opportunities did you blow at the new school? i could be wrong so forgive me, but from the sounds of it the girls put in repeated good efforts to show interest. it's not a simple one instance (like a girl at store being flirty with you never to see you again) but them taking the lead and being somewhat persistent. do you go to the club where girls would be even more forceful or not something you want to try?
<comment>
i also call foid foid
t. moid
<comment>
How does a girl you just met blackmail you? Did you tell her a secret your parents don't know?
<comment>
Fair enough, thought you were a foid, figured a foid would have some insight on how bad I fucked up.
<comment>
This is fake and gay. Any human capable of having a friend group is social enough to read the cues. If true, you're not a sperg your just a coward.
<comment>
I was generally antisocial up until my senior year yet here are the hits
Exchange contact info with a classmate to help each other study. She starts texting me more often outside of class related things. While studying for finals she suggests we go get a drink together after we finish the class. I tell her I have other finals to study for.
Go to a party and hit it off with some girl. She shoves her phone in my hands to put my number in there. She texts me immediately to tell me she wants to see me again. Texts me the next night to ask what Im up to. I tell her Im too tired to do anything (I was up until 5 the night before cleaning up vomit)
In a study away group with a particularly flirty girl. She is constantly asking me what Im up to most weekends and suggesting things for us to do together.
I have other instances where I was aware I was being hit on but those were mostly girls I was really not attracted to.
<comment>
why not online date? are you still in school?
<comment>
Repost, not originale
<comment>
no one knows just from a few posts here
<comment>
A few years out of school now. Thought about onlinr dating but I dont really have any good pictures of me to use and thats kind of necessary
<comment>
I dont really have any good pictures of me to use and thats kind of necessary
you don't seem like the type to need good pictures if you catch my drift. if you had your friend or even your mom take a few pics it would be fine.
<comment>
i meant to say if you have, not had.
<comment>
15, kinda looser already but had couple of friends
one mentions this girl from different class asking him about me a lot
decide to actually act for once and ask her out, she actually says yes, happy as hell
plan some stuff on weekend but she can't, going on trip with parents - see nothing weird given our ages
on the weekend she by accident sends me message addressed to one of her female friends, basically reads i'm at my main BF and got another retard (me) around my finger, can't wait lead him on and then fuck him over before others
she even still tries to make fun from me in school but since nobody really managed to take notice we were supposedly going out i just can ignore her and she drops it 
still get super paranoid that the guy who pointed me to her was in on it and other things, pretty much get into the bitches and whores mentality, slowly drift from my friends, loner ever since
I imagine it sounds like huge overreaction from my side, but the whole thing really did a number on me back then. Was the first and also last time i asked someone out too obviously. Imagining what some other bitch could pull today with shit like metoo being at her disposal, i think i'm perfectly content dying alone.
<comment>
i think i'm perfectly content dying alone.
I hope this is true, for your sake.
<comment>
I'm not going to give you a hard time over your reaction, anon. One thing I will say is that you shouldn't let one bitch stop you from ever finding a good girl.
<comment>
Normalfags are cruel
