My bf is an angel. I truly adore him from the bottom of my heart.
whos cock is bigger between the two of u
May I remind everyone that OP and his boyfriend are unapologetic pedophiles with diaper fetishes
its a dead thread there aint nobody here dox em tho or something
You made this up, not true at all
nta but its true check the archives
Except none of it is true and it's all a lie
Disgusting pedophile I'm glad you can't reproduce and I hope you never go anywhere near children
I hate you leave my cute thread alone with your lies
A penis is like a fish if you think about it and the urethra is like the fishes mouth so your bf deserves a fish hook in his urethra so he can be hung upside down from his urethra from a giant fishing rod
There's nothing cute about two child molesters getting together, eat shit you pedophile
I hate you
Liar
You're a pedo
How do you use archives?
Yeah nice argument retard. You make me fucking sick you retarded pedophile, stop shitting your diapers over being called out on it. Leave kids alone, you're so gross.
FUCK OFF YOU PEDO
liar liar pants are on fire
Dont bother, they're unapologetic about it
Pedophiles usually are
ah yes the classic polchud tactic, call everyone you don't like a pedo. You guys can't help but lie over and over again about me because you are so jealous of my cute wholesome r9k love!
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about dumbass
Pedophiles like you should be tortured and put down
he's a tranny AND a pedo?? well i can't say I'm surprised...
No wonder the Mio poster likes these two so much LMAO pedos stick together I guess
Wtf. I regret playing skribl with them now.
you realize they are just lying they've been lying over and over about me they just make up lies until until one sticks
You're my angel!
The diaper thing is a meme lmao. So desperate.
OP is Retard san, an AMAB MTF boymoder described as a cute girl with long beautiful hair and deep knowledge of WW2 and Resident Evil. She is purportedly very intelligent despite occasionally sleeping through her college classes.
Following male puberty, Retard san began her HRT journey at age 18 and has now passed the 4 year mark.
Retard san usually makes threads sharing the romantic story of how she met her soul mate, Tranny kun, on r9k in order to give hope to other true robots like herself. Tranny kun reciprocates by dedicating threads to his r9k gf.
Tranny kun is a bisexual chaseoid who crusades on behalf of true robots, defending their board from normalfags despite never claiming the robot identity for himself. He regularly wins 20v1 arguments against r9k users which is why a small subset of them invented the meme about him crumbling under scrutiny.
Some have argued that their relationship is performative or unhealthy due to Tranny kun regularly prompting Retard san to make these threads about him or because he invalidated her lived experience as a lonely trubot but that criticism most likely stems from jealousy as Tranny kun has humblebragged about Retard san planning to dress as a maid and wear black lingerie for him when they meet at Retard san's grandparents for the next chapter of their love story. He flatly denies any suggestion that Retard san's visit to his parents caused any shock or embarrassment and no diapers were found by his mother afterwards.
The next chapter of their romance will be a romantic getaway to Retard san's grandmother's home. At present, Retard san is not 'out' to her Catholic grandparents who therefore will not be respecting Retard san's preferred pronouns and will be using her birth name. Luckily, the language barrier should prevent any embarrassing confrontations over this for the duration of the visit.
Recently there have been accusations of pedophilic behavior but so far, no evidence to support these has been presented.
samefaggotry from tranny-kun who is trying to direct the narrative and damage control
Wtf. Why are you getting so emotional?
aldis nuts
do women really
Maybe don't be terrible then, pedophile.
Let's not be needlessly cruel. She's a bitch but she's not a pedophile.
The trannies turned out to be pedos, next you'll tell me the sky is blue.
lel
Tranny kun always uses an avatar so it isn't him
Fuck off pedophile sympathizer.
no not always and when he doesnt its done on purpose
Retard-san was raped as a child thousands of times. She hates pedos and would never inflict that pain on another.
Huh, pedophiles.
Anyway,
I don't know if I'll be posting in these threads anymore bros. I was gone yesterday so I'm out of the loop. Pedophiles or the mention of them genuinely enrage me and sicken me. Children should be protected and how someone can hurt them or sexualize them is beyond me. We'll see how things turn out. Godspeed and take care. Don't let bait get to you.
I always kind of wonder why pedophiles get under 4chan's skin so much. I mean, it's obvious that normal people hate pedos, but 4channers are generally sociopaths who delight in the torture and suffering of basically every other demographic. It feels a bit performative for otherwise cold-blooded soulless husks to act caring in this one specific instance.
goodbye for now mr. frogman, you were the best part of these threads as of lately
children are sacred and not to be messed with
the fact that i have to even say that to you is kind of weird bro...
People in general are sacred and not to be messed with, yet if someone is guilty of the crime of being an adult you relish in their being murdered or raped.
It definitely isn't him. He was arguing with people over how inaccurate it was before eventually conceding it was all technically correct just misrepresented
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73047221/#73052460
It is because deep down, most 4chan users are still just reddit tourists. Pre 2012, /b/ especially was rife with pedo friendly material. More recently, vultz admitted to being underage following months of robots chasing her nudes.
Godspeed my good sir. 
I took it upon myself to BTFO the tranny yesterday, I hope you don't mind. Your presence was missed.
AHEM
I SAID AHEM
FUCK TRANNIES
FUCK NIGGERS
FUCK KIKES
FUCK LGBKEKS
FUCK TROONS
FUCK NORMALFAGS
FUCK SIMPS
FUCK KEKS
FUCK GLOWIES
FUCK ROASTIES
FUCK THE JANNY
AND LAST, BUT NOT LEAST
FUCK THE PEDOPHILES IN THIS THREAD
Cheers gentlemen, cheers!
I wanna get bullied for being an incel loser by both of you while you make out.
adults are adults, children are children
there is a clear difference 
wtf
The post always comes as soon as he posts, it's him.
Obviously the anti-pedophile stance is correct. I'm just saying you should be more humanitarian in general. You can't go "Yeah, I cheered on Bianca Devin's death and rejoice every time a nigger is killed, but I have one good opinion (being anti-pedo) so I'm a good person."
lmao who said i rejoiced for those things personally and who said im a good person to begin with
what the fuck are u trying to argue about, if you cant understand why pedophilia gets under peoples skin compared to other issues then idk what to tell you
You arguing against what is most likely tranny-kun going without an avatar. Just don't respond to him anymore, of course he wouldn't get it.
I'm not Tranny-kun. Pedos deserve to be hated, there just seems to be something kind of fake when the people claiming to be anti-pedo are generally scumbags who don't care about anyone or anything. If you're being sincere, then good for you I suppose, better to only be a 95 percent piece of shit rather than 100.
Goodspeed anon
The comically large replies you would get in comparison to OP always made me kek
Hi Fishgirl, your positive post makes me want to rope rn
I have a real relationship with a real girl but you don't see me making threads about it every day. How insecure are you about your gender and love life? Loving every laugh
you shouldn't kill yourself, thats bad
She's a cute angel, dough.
It's not bait and we're not pedophiles lol. The diapey thing is just a meme that chuds took too seriously.
Another lie lmao.
I love incels, dough.
You can mute the trip if so, but you've also found love before, so I think you should be able to find it again. You're certainly not in a hopeless position.
The angry replies like yours do make me laugh, yes.
Nah I feel particularly shitty seeing your thread today because shit happened concerning someone I had a crush on. I am very very heartbroken right now &lt;/3
Which part specifically do you dispute?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COME BACK ANON I LIKED YOUR POSTS
What happened? How are you feeling now?
Read the actual thread retard. The two replies above replying as yui tsuruno show some lies but yeah much of just lacks context.
lmao first time talkingg to trannykun? he is wayyy too slimy to be specific. if you want a sensible conversation you are better off talking to op unironically. handwavy vague non response from tk in 3 2 1 ...
guys this is just a rumor.. but i heard op has the cutest feet of anyone on this board (please dont spread this aroud)
I found that the girl I had a crush on, who I met on here, was talking to someone else, and that made me really jealous. At the end of the day it was my fault for getting so attached to her, but it still fucking hurts.
I read the thread. Then, as now, you do not point to anything which is untrue. I also counted three opportunities in that thread for you to provide context which you declined. Further, the summary in this thread looks to have been amended to take into account your feedback. So, one last time, what specifically is your complaint with the lore summary?
No, I have replied to him a half a dozen times in the past but I am beginning to notice that. I have also LARPed as both of them in other threads before the girlfriend got a tripcode. Remarkably easy personalities to ape.
It's not anyone's fault. In the future you should know that almost all women here have insane standards, though, so if you notice yourself crushing on them, you either have to ghost or get rejected then ghost otherwise you'll end up hurting yourself that much more.
Lmao you always did a really terrible job if it was a post that said more than "I love my gf/bf"
This Mio. This is why Tranny-kun went prison gay. Maybe it's time you do to and get a trans gf :3
The summary doesn't mention poltards or anything about starting hrt at 22... Did you read the post at all before you declared it untrue lol.
"Prison gay" is a meme phrase you're using incorrectly.
You're really bad at this lol.
Reading and spelling not his strongest areas. This is why people say retard kun is the smart one.
That isn't in >>73152912 dough
lol
I wasn't talking about the current summary. Are you high or just trolling?
???
You are nothing like Bocchi and are the embodiment of everything she hates
AVADA KEDAVRA
Are you okay lol.
She's literally bocchi dough.
SECTUM SEMPRA
So we're agreed the one in this actual thread is accurate, since it incorporates everything you raised in the previous one.
? lol
I think it don't think there are complete lies, but I don't like the framing of parts of it.
I don't think* oops
I want my bf to hug me so bad
Maybe I should do the classic act of finding a gf irl. Don't know how to go about it though.
What do you mean by that, anon...
Gggv
Just knowing when to stop talking to a girl you met online would help a lot in itself to let you suffer less.
