What are some other retarded normie beliefs? Most of them seem to take basic psychology or neurology and add some mystical element to it
Most of them believe in karma and say "karma's a bitch" when you wrong them in the smallest way and get fucked over for it. Meanwhile they will gaslight you with their expectations, boundaries and expect you to let immoral shit they do slide (especially women, they virtue signal in their sleep and act like inhuman trash when nobody is watching).
That everybody who isn't part of some community has "gone the wrong way in life" 
They are also retarded enough to believe that reddit is niche and original, kek 
normies are scary
One of the most retarded ones is that tranime and video games don't have a negative impact on kids. Porn literally ruined a whole generation of male normies.
Atheism and materialism, that is all. Denying that the elites use magick and curse us everyday because they look at us as goycattle.
Depression is contagious. People with negative view points are often at odds with people of a more optimistic view on the world. Even you ranting about it shows how undesirable it is to be around depressed ppl.
that's like the false normie belief that rejection or bullying can hurt someone. no, some people are just weird about how they react to rejection or bullying.
I'd say that I agree with this to some extent. Bullying and rejection usually don't cause issues, but CONSTANT bullying and rejection does.
For me it's them believing that anyone not agreeing with their socially accepted group think is some shit in incels. Literally had some normie on twitter calling everyone an incel who didn't want to fat black queeeenz.
Depends on if you believe in mental pain/hurt
Men and women lives are equally hard
who knows, honestly. there's no science that has proven that bullying can magically affect someones "vibrations" or whatever normies believe. it's possible though.
They think someone's something, treat him like the character they created, and then be absolutely flabbergasted if the guy acts like the character they created and then cry on how they saw it happening from afar. Like these morons understand the causality but can't understand they were causing it?
They recognize negative karma constantly but they have no expectations for good acts being magically rewarded (especially in others). If it only works one way, it's not a functioning system. It's "bad luck" and random coincidence.
