Listen carefully to what I am about to say.
You niggers need to realize that pussy is 100% overrated and basically, shit. 
Are literally ALL roastie talking points designed to artificially inflate the value of vagina. 
I lost my virginity, was in 3 relationships after that. 
I am gonna tell you right now. Women are annoying as fuck and most of the time I came harder alone with my hand than in their loose soppy holes. The bitching, the drama, the shit tests, the constant need for validation and reassurance and judging your every word and move, its 100% not worth it. By all means, I want you robots to find out for yourselves, so go ahead, pursue cunt all you want. But dont say I didnt warn you.
Anytime some Chad asshole tries to call you a loser because HURR YOU DONT GET PUSSY, laugh at him. Because he is in on the roastie grift and doesnt even know it.
Sounds like humblebragging and cope at the same time.
have you tried men ? sounds like you might like it better
t. Simp, you are probably a hole in fact 
Just like Jews artificially inflate the value of diamonds through PR and a false sense of scarcity, women and normies inflate the value of pussy through PR and a false sense of scarcity to desperate men. 
You are scum, and should be ashamed of yourself. Just like a diamond is really a worthless common rock that can be easily replaced by an artificial substitute by something objectively better, pussy is a worthless common hole that can be easily substituted for something objectively better.
Fronthole detected. 
This is exactly what I mean.
Take note, robots.
Non-chad cope. You wouldn't be saying this if you got pussy on demand and had quality women throwing themselves at you. You are also probably on a dry spell coping about it.
copegay thread
Dont forget, her holes are a modern womans only worth. 
When you even threaten the value of her holes, she will immediately go into hole chimpout, because she knows its the only thing she can hold over mens heads. 
Once you stop elevating holes, you are in control, 100%. 
The thing women hate most is being ignored, and having her holes rejected. It kills the foid more than any insult or act of violence.
You should probably be a bit nicer to the lassies and ladies.
Cope, Chad doesn't deal with any of that, women worship him and forgive all of his faults.
bots don't care about pussy and sex per se, they care that it's been given to them. it's dudes wanting validation and maybe beyond that wanting a life partner and a family and shit
gaycope thread.
i'll take your word for it, then. You better not be lying
I realize that, since I have talked with older men. 
But this makes it even a deeper blackpill, since then you have to look for not just a gf, but some sort of mental unicorn of a woman that will not make your life too difficult.
most thin (being fat weakens the vaginal muscles) young women with little sexual experience cannot fit in a finger without extensive preparation beforehand so that means you were having sex with old roasties because thats all you could get. you are ugly and so were they.
Problems will continue so long as men continue to pretend that women are honest, self-aware beings with agency, and try to reason with them. Daily reminder to stop arguing with holes. Holes are biologically programmed to deny the truth.
You're confusing pussy with relationships. Chad doesn't care because he just pumps and dumps, no bitching or drama for him.
Not him
That might be true, but if it was all just about sexual pleasure then masturbation and porn would enough for me.
It's more about growing old for me. I still have family around me, so I don't even care much about getting a gf because of this. But some day I will be alone if things don't change.
copegay thread.
op is an incel, AND he makes us all look worse.
I've been fucking prostitutes consistently since I turned 20 and gave up on women romantically
I'm 27 now. I must have fucked over 200 by this point. And my relationships with normal women have literally never been better because it's not dominated by "UHHHH GOTTA FUCK" or "UUUUH WOMEN SCARY"
And you know what you realise when you remove wanting to fuck every woman you meet from the equation?
You realise most women are fucking awful to be around.
