<comment>
We know nothing about what causes sexuality and gender identity. 
We don't know why there is a statiscally stable percentage of gays in basically every society throughout history despite the fact that there is no evolutionary benefit to being a homo. The best theory seems to be the prenatal hormone level one but that also has many problems because it only applies to males, many gay men are pretty masculine, and it also still doesn't solve the problem of evolutionary benefit it just makes it seem kinda like a weird byproduct or anamoly in human biology, kinda like how we still have useless body parts that served a purpose in the past but no longer do. The comparison isn't 100% there but you get what I'm saying. 
Same with gender identity. It really looks like its a social contagion. Some may argue because our society is more open about it now more people are comfortable coming out, and that is likely true in many cases, but the data shows that trannies now are disproportionately teenagers and female which is the reverse of what it was decades ago and that the original data was basically stable across the time we began measuring it until the rise of social media. It seems like fake trannies are on the rise against real transgender people who have always existed. 
At the end of the day, homos and trannies continue to make up only like 3-4 percent of the world population anyway. I find it funny that religion and science agree being gay has no real benefit to it lol. But who the fuck really knows. No one knows shit about this shit. We're in a really fucking strange time in regards to sexuality now. Hippies and social media seem to be the reason for that. This fad will likely fade though.
<comment>
It really looks like its a social contagion
Everything is. This website is. This post is.
No one knows shit about this shit
You do. I do. There's no hidden mystery we have to consult the spirits to unravel.
This fad will likely fade though.
Of course it will, and fast. 1953 was 70 years ago and that world doesn't resemble ours (socially) in the slightest. At this rate, 2053 will be even further away from 2023 than it was from 1953. Sexuality probably won't even be taboo anymore. Cumming will be like sneezing, you just hold a tissue over your cock and say "Excuse me" while you blast out some jizz in a restaurant.
