Make assumptions. Tell me your thoughts. See if guy on the far right actually uses this board and will notice this, as I expect him to based on his sense of humor.
The middle guy is a tranny and all of these guys use this board 
/thread
looks like they're having fun
just a couple white dudes hanging out, kicking it, having a blast. looks wholesome. even long haired dude is enjoying himself, even though he's just standing there not doing anything. they're probably funny with a dark sense of humor. lots of inside jokes.
dnd nerds in someones basement.
far left is hispanic, but other than that ur right. sort of friend group where we can all call each other faggots. i love them with all my heart
nah middle guy doesnt use the internet and far left didnt at all when i laughed and said he was making a basedjack face the other day. like i said, far right its possible, he gets all my jokes at least
yea
The guy on the left and the guy on the right are both virgins, and they get depressed about it when they aren't engaged in distracting play activities like pretending to fight orcs.
The guy in the middle is their slightly-more-normal friend, who gets laid once in a while, sometimes from surprisingly hot goth chicks, but is still far enough from the cool kids table that he can identify a little with his two losers and they don't instinctively distrust him when he hangs out with them. He doesn't know how to play D&amp;D but hangs out anyway.
The guy on the left uses this board. The other two guys use Reddit.
ooof very wrong. 
right has a gf of almost a year rn and is very happy with her. havent met her but have seen photos, they seem happy, shes a lucky girl because hes about the kindest person ive ever met.
left is actually a virgin i think, i have no idea why tho. ive mentioned to him before i think hes more charming than the rest of us put together and he should be getting girls just falling over him. most normie out of us. i think its just cuz he doesnt talk to any women other than me, he couldnt find a single chick other than me on his discord friend list the other day. also maybe that he's slightly short?
middle is the most weird of all of us and honestly a slight social outcast. no interest in dating of any kind. i love him tho, hes my best friend
also i find it funny you say hes the least interested in dnd, hes our dm, he is way more into this than the rest of us
