everyone else is a loser but at least pwns at vidya
I can't even get past Margit in Elden Ring
So I guess I just can't have a single thing I'm good at huh..?
I get annihilated at Faeria every single day, anon. I still have 500 hours on it. Play something you enjoy. Play it to have a beautiful game.
You realize the people who are stupid good at the souls games have like THOUSANDS of hours into them across all the games. Hell some people have thousands of hours in each game. You can't expect to get that kind of still or insight into a game after like 6 hours of playing.
Youre good at plenty of things that you just CHOOSE not to be good at. 
For example. You could be great at sending me money. But you choose to do a bad job.
There's nobody competing with your masturbating skills
This is me but my pc is too shitty for me to be good at online games. Especially FPS games
Elden Ring is a bad example of this. They just gave every boss ticks and spasms on every attack so that you cant dodge based on visual cues but only memorization. Extremely bad decision, their previous bosses were fine, even when they were shit.
At least you have the attention span.
The entire dark souls series is faggotry. I will not expend the autistic level of trying needed to play a game where basic enemies can one-hit you. And no, I will not "git gud"
lmao faggot loser incel kek desu ywnbaw lol
Anon, just build bleed.
play kairosoft games
Pro tip: Aside from sinking hours into a game, high frame rate matters.
Be me
Playing GTA Online with 8 year old shitbox PC
1GB GPU, 8GB RAM
Average of 40fps
Don't care about 60fps
Usually get fucking annihilated in PvP because of the frequent, intermittent stuttering
Nearly always end up in last place during races
Think I just suck at the game
Finally decide to upgrade my computer
180fps
Holy shit it's smoother than butter
Literally night and day difference
Win 9/10 races
1st place in nearly every deathmatch
And that's when I learned the importance of high fps. But yeah, besides that, you also just need to git gud - keep playing the game, or playing games in general, and you'll master the controls, which I think is the biggest issue people who don't play enough face. But anyway I don't like PvP shit anymore, the toxicity is tiresome, people who play games to get mad are retarded, and people who play games to harass others are faggots that deserve the ass whoopings their mom's bf's give them. I play games to have fun, and I get that from singleplayer/PvE co-op games. And IMO that would also be the better way to learn to play anyway since the difficulty can be scaled in some games, most of the time it's much slower/easier than multiplayer games so yeah.
Also video games won't make you any happier so maybe you should just move on to something else.
I have 4.5k hours in csgo but cant get higher than faceit 7 in eu
