Why are moids like this? Its honestly disgusting. Anytime you go through an e girl or instathots comments, its always 35+ guys with their wife and kids in their profile pics too.
Based old guys making foids seethe. Hag probably bitches and complains while not giving pussy anymore
people aren't capable of being exclusively attracted to this one fucking person. shocker.
Its almost like Chad doesnt need porn he can get the real thing so the only men your onlyfans page/bikini instagram attracts is sexless people like people stuck in marrige with a woman who has refused to have sex for the last 5 years and incels.
Crazy
So why do men chimp out when women arent solely attracted to their crusty ass?
We don't. You don't see men freaking out over their gfs liking pics of other guys near as much as vice versa
all moids will cheat the only thing holding them back is opportunity
Thanks for confirming the blackpill, scrote.
The same way femoids are attracted to height, men will always be attracted to youthful fertile women you will never condition this out of them. Women getting old and gross is natures way of telling men not to waste their sperm here. Men on the other hand are able to reproduce all the through their lives. Sorry bitch, take it up with Mother Nature.
People want what they don't have, these people probably never got to fuck one of these females. I had my hot married biology teacher rub her fat asscheeks and thighs on my whole leg when i was 12-13 yo in the middle of a class, didn't make it obvious though.
i still masturbate to her to this day (18 yo) and probably will continue to do so
You can't just say all X do Y. There are so many people in the world, there will always be exceptions. But yeah, a lot of them would.
just be a good gf and we won't cheat. we dont even ask for much
If you stop putting out and stop caring about how you look you bet your ass I will. Dont expect the same to apply to you though, I can look however I like especially if Im the breadwinner.
You don't see men freaking out over their gfs liking pics of other guys near as much as vice versa
Men kill their gfs/wives for interacting with other men
Who fucking cares if he jerks off to some thots. Women should also just shlick off but they cheat instead.
bitch you took 10 BBCs down your throat last night and another 10 in your pussy and ass and spent the morning pounding plan B like candy and you have the audacity to post this shit
Go die in a war for Israel, scrotes.
Because they're hot. I don't comment on thots, but I do like their posts to encourage them to post more whore material for me to jerk off to.
That's because 99% of men aren't chads, so they settle for shit tier women. The blackpill women must accept is that if a man cheats, it's because you are shit tier.
wahwahwah it's always other people's fault
Good. Am I supposed to be sad about that?
just find a guy that doesn't use social media, simple as that
edgy response to provoke reaction that doesn't even try to be relevant to the actual matter being discussed 
Here's your (you)
Shut the fuck up. I know you love it. You love being treated like shit, maybe if youre a good girl Ill let you suck it after I bust in that 18y old pussy. Just submit hag. I know you want to ;)
I'd prefer to die in a police shootout after raping/murdering you, foid.
False. Good men (me) would never cheat on their wives. Being faithful is really fucking easy, you just have to love your women. 
kys coomers. Get off social media and start praying for your rotten souls
Go vote for trannies in your bathrooms again
Married hags blueball their husbands
woman fucks 20 guys before marriage
"Body count doesn't matter"
man fucks 20 girls after marriage
"Body count doesn't matter"
Men can't be sure that their child is theirs.
DNA companies have been caught lying about paternity because they are cucked, only the be outed by double blind tests. 
If you oppose honor killing then you're an islamaphobic bigot. I have no tolerance for intolerance.
Christcuck lmao I will be laughing when your tradwife cheats on you.
Women tire out from monogamy faster than men
I would forgive her, just as I would forgive you for being a loser
Oh well.
I have been told, over and over, that it is absolutely non-negotiable in relationships that:
Nobody owes you anything
Anyone can exit any relationship any time they want, to whatever degree they want, and they don't owe the other party loyalty, closure, consistency, or an explanation
Anyone who defies these two rules in any way, even in just their expectations, is a controlling monster and practically a rapist
So fuck you, your husband doesn't owe you anything.
So a cuck and a pussy. Yeah I will continue to laugh as you get fucked over financially too. Turn the other cheek while you get raped, kike
When I say interacting with other men I mean men have killed their wives for
going to the doctor
speaking to her own father/brother
wordlessly taking a package from the delivery guy
Some African case where he killed her for sending her professor a question about classwork
This mostly seems to apply to Africans and brownoids/muslims anyway. 
Paternity test should be done after every birth.
lel. why are moidscrotes so misogynist
Symptoms of the modern society. In the past marriages certainly had obligations and expectations for both sides. 
It was less about feefees and pure lust alone and was more practical.
you're obviously not good gf material, have fun getting cheated on
well maybe women shouldn't be posting sexualized pictures of themselves then
I would forgive her
Fucking cuck. People like you give Christians a bad name.
Dangerously based, my friend. They hate you because you speak the truth.
Women only have their body to offer and it has an expiry date.
how can you be so unkind
Exactly! They know what they're doing
stormy i think you're a girl. you type like one. you are airheaded, dont have any good takes, are a cuck feminist, and non-confrontational intelectually
its just an alternate ego
stormy i think you're a girl
I've always believed stormy was a foid.
