Just approximately 9 more months until it's finally lights out for me. God bless
You can check out sooner
Fr, I'm thinking August for me, was gonna be may-june originally, but a few things I thought I might as well enjoy before I go into the woods and never come out
Sorry but I'm a biochemist and I'm going to forcefeed you chemo to make you survive
I am obese and estimate death will come for me before the decade is out.
Why do you want to suffer for 9 more months? I was thinking next friday
What is your BMI? Mine is 34 and my body is killing me.
Last time I checked it was 41 but could be higher now. I feel my body struggling and I find basic things like walking up stairs and tying my shoes very difficult now. It's not fun but I am at peace with how things are because I wasn't happy when I was average weight either.
Why were you unhappy when you were an average weight? You're giving me a reason to keep slurping my 1L of coke.
lol go right ahead I can't judge
I was/am unhappy because I am socially stunted, aspergic, weak physically and mentally, and have weird interests. I've never fit in too well into this world and have always found it difficult to be around others. My mind just feels broken. So eating provides me comfort.
We are more similar than I thought. Only qualm I have is how your BMI is 8 points higher than mine. I eat fast food everyday with soda and my weight never seems to go over 34. It's been three years.
You're lucky then. That doesn't sound that bad honestly. My weight continues to climb and I am certain it will prevent me from reaching 40. I just drink soda and Monster, eat pizza, and also sometimes sweet stuff like apple pie. I just can't go without that type of thing for long.
dont post a picture of bill williamson and then talk about killing just yourself, kill a cop, take his gun and two magazines, use 29 rounds on the closest pedestrians and use the last one for yourself. why the fuck should YOU just die when ALL of humanity needs to be punished.
Save up the money you normally spend on food and go to japan
Being there will fix all your problems, seriously
