How do you accept you've missed out on young love and will forever never get to experience something completely natural and fundamental to your growth as a person?
I had teen love. You are not missing out on much
Hey can I ask you a question?
I miss ISIS so much, bros....
after 30 you need to settle for used goods or hire a prostitute
Or you buy an onahole or doll and just give up on real women
t. wizard
I had teen love >>73150388 this anon is lying to you and it is very important
I had teen love and all I got was the knowledge that I will be alone for the rest of my life
okay that is important development and you should be thankful you had it. you could be some dumb virgin (probably are)
How could anyone still be a virgin in 2023?
Why do you think that some people end up alone and others don't? It can't be boiled down to one thing it's like the stars had to align just right for people like us to end up in this situation. What are the contributing factors as to why you and others have found yourself in this situation?
they were born in 2020? idk? ask someone who isn't me
there is luck involved but you also need to put forth skill/effort etc.
of the three times I have fallen for someone, only one of them was legit.
2005 master race here
Yeah I'm so fucking thankful. It's so great to get a taste of everything you ever wanted just to have it snatched away along with any chance to ever have it again
Cope. Your perspective is forever shifted by the experience so you are now locked out of knowing how miserable it is to never experience teen love. Simple as.
Yes it can retard. Height and face is all it is.
Im coping but youre still not missing out on much
Whats skilled about dating? You meet a woman on a dating app and then you meet up and it either fails or doesn't and if it fails you just repeat the process over and over again until it succeeds
If a poor feller won the lottery and got all of the money stolen right away, would you consider him rich?
Literally most people have a face and height but lonely women still exist
Hey! Teen Love Guy is back!
You gonna be on for 14 hours in a row again?
if he won the lottery as a teen and had all the best most amazing developmental experiences possible that permanently affected his brain positively (which is what teen/young love does) , then yes he is perma rich even if the cash is gone. His brain will forever benefit, his life will forever be good even if he lives in poverty until the day he dies after that.
Genes. And that is it. If you get good enough genes women will line up to date you. If you have shitty genes you can put all the effort you want and still not get anyone. Especially now when women are 100% free to act as they want.
what are you talking about you insidious dishonest faggot cockroach insect turdwhore moron? vile vermin fetid festering leaking herpes sore fecal smear.
If it was about genes then you would have the same success as your parents
Someone who had gfs in their teenage years can simply just do what they did last time and get another gf
You can't just simply win another lottery by putting the same numbers down again
nope, ugly women have no trouble reproducing and make incel sons. you are half your ugly mother, half your handsome father. ugly sons dont reproduce, ugly daughters do. simple as.
Right, just act like you acted in your teenage years. Retard
Ugly women dont even have a chance, they always get rejected
nope dishonest insect retard turdwhore moron fecal smear shit stain festering leaking pustule of gonorrhea vomitous verminous insect idiot bimbo shit sucker. simple as.
Aka its not about genes
I didn't have a gf in my teenage years so it is impossible for me to just get a gf
But people who did can just simply do what they did before to get a gf
stop typing like your dad molested you.
Simple a-s. Ugly women are femcels men only care about ass and tits genetics.
Getting a gf while being a clueless teenage idiot in school is something a LITTLE different than being a grown adult male in a completely fucked dating scene
I wasnt typing, retard. Reading comprehension zero over here.
i diarrhea into your open eager turdwhore mouth mmm mm you suck it down nnn
stop typing out your dad's molestation of you.
I even gave you the best reason why in my post: especially now when women are 100% free to act as they want. 30 years ago things were much much different.
What genes? I want to know what genes specifically are responsible for desirable male secondary sex characteristics like the well defined jaw, broad shoulders, full head of hair and tallness as well as a deep voice, although having a deep voice may or may not be genetic I'm not sure about that one.
You're right, let me just go to high school again after 10 years
Accept your diarrheal concession
False. Mouth breathing and becoming short has nothing to do with genes
Well one of them for example is the one that made you an autist that has to take everything literally and can't abstract shit. There are luck of the draw combinations that are appealing and there are shit ones that make you an incel. Just chadfish a bit as a good looking guy to see the difference.
nigger you are born after 9/11 you are basically an infant
that sounds like a you problem anon
they are called social skills. and I imagine your lackthereof is why you haven't been on a date or fallen in love
Peak reddit
What's the point of that? I don't need whores to send me uber eats I got my own bread.
I don't get it how you can misconstrue my point to that extent. You really are pretending to be retarded or a complete tunnel vision autists that can't understand thoughts if they aren't yours.
Great reddit post, it really made me think
I've never tried. I'm not happy with women and I'm scared because I don't know where they've been and I don't like that. As weird as this may sound I need to know her sexual history and it has to be the same as me which is 1 because I fucked an escort once so I wouldn't care if she fucked someone once but it has to match my number of sexual partners which is one and it's impossible to determine a woman's body count because they lie. She'd need to be vetted and dating me would be like an employer going over the resume (her sexual history) to determine whether or not she gets the job or not (whether she's a suitable candidate for breeding)
not only is it weird but you are limiting the dating pool by about 99.9% and the older you get the likelihood of you finding this perfect match decreases.
Literally not true. Muscles are all that matters, retard. Women would rather date a quasimodo-faced manlet with defined muscles and a six-pack than a average-looking lanklet.
So you don't mind that a woman potentially has more sexual/romantic partners than you? Why?you don't think it's unfair that they get to have more sexual partners than us? Personally I find that to be WEIRD.
You can get more sexual experience anytime you want. Have you ever watched porn by the way?
The point of the post is that it didn't and you are really socially stunted or just pretending to be a retard.
I have been with girls who had more partners than me. Now I would like to find a girl with less, but that isn't AS likely.
but less about the partners and more about the degrading stuff. you should probably be concerned about that, I have completely broken a few down to their smallest level, and I doubt that anyone who gets them after that will be able to get them there. we call that POWER in the biz
No, you.
I don't, I don't fucking have to make amends with it, i'll wallow in bitterness until the end
Low IQ take
What is the cause then? Genuinely curious.
Yeah, and mine is deformed.
Have you ever watched porn? That might be a cause for the deformity.
everyday i have a wish of suicide
everyday i wish this world would end
everyday i wish i had a beautiful virginal autist teenage girl as a life partner
everyday i feel waves of anxiety and depression run through my chest
its absolutely brutal
White men have life on literal easy mode anyway
SHUT UP FAGGOT
im 32 kv. im AUTISTIC, okay. i dont have life on easy mode. im mentally, ill, with schizotypal diagnosed and autism diagnosed
easy mode?
you are delusional
By whining about it constantly and shitting up the catalog with the same thread that has been answered hundreds of times. That's how you accept it OP. Make it a core part of your identity. Spend every waking moment lamenting something that didn't happen. When people talk to you steer the conversation towards that direction. Create a blog where you collect stories from people who had great memories of young love and then read those stories as you whip yourself with a thorny branch.
that's funny because of how wrong and stupid it is. I am a white man and the only way a white man can make it is to be dylan mulfagney whatever alien race that thing is.
you want easy mode? be a jew or a criminal and you get reparations easy peasy, welfare too
not everyone can be a winner in life, you gaslighting fucking retard
if an orphan watched his parents get killed, was abused and bullied in the orphanage growing up, would you really blame the child if it grows up to be a dysfunctional adult?
your genes and environment dictate a huge amount of how successful you will be, and incels go the shit end of the stick. to pretend otherwise and patronize them is disingenuous and hypocritical, you shameless fucking moron
the truth is living and dying without sex or love is unbearably painful, and incels are entirely justified in complaining about it and sharing their pain with eachother. this is the only place they have for it
Yes, objectively. You are delusional
HEY!
thats not true. maybe if you're schlomo-chad, but im jewish and a neet wizard robot. not all jews are rich and successful and happy
no but you do have a measurably higher IQ (according to other jews) and that also gives you an advantage no? ... I am kidding kind of ... I gave up a lot of that jew hating nonsense by now I am an equal opportunist hater across all races and genders and made up genders.
eat shit. i was homeless a lot between 16 and 17, and also at 20. i moved around a lot so i never had a stable school social network, never had loving parents, never had a family support network, just some friends, which ended at 17, i went to jail for a couple of days at 17 and was forced to live with my parents for a year, before getting kicked out at 18
im autistic, diagnosed. you genuinely have to be a retard to think i have it easy mode
dumb cunt. its females who have it easy mode. this whole society worships them and structures their laws to protect them
You are a retard. You have life on easy mode but you will never admit it
A female has to be absolutely retarded or try really hard to go to jail. 99/100 society will blame the man. It's egregious.
Keep crying bitch nigga
