Why do men have to feel superior to all women or they get triggered and flip out
Don't know anon, but I wish I was a man with a decent build so I could serve in the military or some shit
Why do women needs to feel superior to men and when men call out their bs they make posts like this? To cope?
Could you identify an example of this phenomenon
I don't feel superior to all men or need to. Men seem to need this or they get angry though.
Women hate threads for instance
This whole thing reeks of projection
you understand that superiority precedes superior treatment, and that treatment in itself becomes evidence of ones superiority?
I cannot recall the last time I saw a woman hate thread, and even then it's mostly semi-joking griping about stereotypically annoying things women do. I think you're letting the seething shrieking incels get to your head
because we're all secretly gay
For me it's because if I'm not looked at as above women that means women are cucking me with the guy they so see as above them.
If I were the only man on Earth or if I was a woman myself then I wouldn't mind being seen as equal to or on the same level as women.
Are you serious? This is either being wilfully ignorant or so desensitized to the /r9k/ misogyny that you think it's normal
How about downing women's achievements. Or minimizing the fact that without the free childcare women provide, society would collapse.
Not sure what you mean, anon. I have no problem admitting when a woman is better at something than me.
Stop trying to make me hate women
Women do worse, on the biggest internet forums and msm and no woman cares about it because you all think like this.
Every single woman thinks all men suck except my bf/"guy I have a crush on" that sucks but a bit less
ok, I'm a guy, but I recently thought about this...
Most of human history and important historical male figures are basically just a bunch of dudes with mommy issues.
If it goes well, they are well adjusted men, mostly, and may accomplish great things. On the other side, if it doesn't, you'll have some mentally ill mf that flipped out and lost it in some way and channeled that into either aggression, art, power, etc. 
I see the superiority thing as an attempt by the male to recover power from the female, in this case, being the mother. Using the man's superior strength and aggression to put themselves above those who hurt him.
They don't have to feel, they just are.
The pain of being male would be too great if men didn't delude themselves in this way.
Lol, if anything Hitler and Stalin (for example) had horrible relationships with their fathers and a good opinion of theri mothers
Why do men need to recover power from their mothers then? Women don't seem to feel a similar need to recover power from or dominate their fathers.
I think men have to feel superior to women because they fear being treated as they treat women if their masculinity is questioned in any way.
Massive simping? Positive discrimination? Inclusion?
It's as if you have to pretend that we live in fucking Pakistan for your shit to start making any sense
Everything you describe is men wanting to fuck a subsection of women. It's not motivated by any respect for women as fellow human beings.
Well why do Pakistani men need to feel superior to women then.
NIce moving the goalpost
Do women even respect men in any way? All I see is women calling men all kind of shit and other women cheering for it
They don't beat and kill their husbands by the thousands every year
You know, for having an opinion
So? most men don't do it and hate the ones who do it
Yet what I'm saying is something all wopmen either do or approve of
You're just full of shit
There's so much respect for women on 4chan, I agree
are you being beaten right now? how come innocents are being killed and annoying ones like you are unscathed
cry me a river
Further proving my point that women accept being hateful of men yet men don't accept being hateful of women so anyone who wants to talk against women must go to 4chan or any other site with minimun moderation while women talk shit about men in any place
You're super pissed off though, why? Why are you so triggered by this
Where exactly do you encounter all these women being vocally hateful towards men
Every single social media, popular tv channel and press/news
Can you give one mainstream example? I never see this myself
I'm just trolling at this point
Eat shit 
I'm not reading it. Eat shit
https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/men
the men articles is barely about male creativity and masculinity and more about men annoying women.
https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/women
the women articles is actually about women living interesting lives
The first article is about makeup for men. I don't see how this is hostile to men.
The second article is a Dear Abby type reply to a woman whose husband won't help take care of his own children or pick up after himself. The advice given is for this specific marital problem an individual is having. Again I don't see how you interpret this as man hate
no one replied to because im right
the implication is men living life how they want is a bad thing to women. And like you said men won't do le chores for women muh it's just women women women. 
acting dumb is so moid brained of you fuck off
You left out they key issue, is not even men live like this or that. They literally made up how supposedly men live just to attack men and use it to make women look better
Lots of horrible people receive superior treatment. It doesn't mean they are actually superior.
The man is expecting the woman to do all le chores for him. He thinks it's beneath him because he has a dick. He's dumb.
Women are expecting men do the chores men don't want anybody to do
Is pure projection
If no one feeds and clothes and bathes their children society will collapse.
What the actual fuck, holy fucking shit you foids are disgusting lifeforms imagine trivializing an innate biological feature in mammals like this no fucking honor or soul at all
Anonette the guys who ran countries could kill their mothers and sleep like babies afterwards you have no idea wtf you are saying right now
Doubt it and non related. Men have run self sufficient communities for millenia.
Just admit you have been catched red handed
Your subhuman ass cant comprehend respecting others as you think a Chad who killed babies is a better person than any of us because your vagina makes you feel good around him fucking roastie piece of shit.Get the fuck out of here acting like you holes are the moral sex your the animal sex the monkey sex the beast sex.
They have to feel superior to women ONLINE
They don't dare say it out loud anymore kek
Yet women will say it IRL because the opposite of what OP says happening is commonplace
When Elizabeth the Second fell ill she did not wait an hour in A&amp;E like any other civillian would, she was seen by a doctor straight away. I had this epiphany when I saw people complain that she was treated not like a commoner and that she not better than anyone else. However, superior treatment (skipping the queue at A&amp;E) happened because she is in fact objectively superior to the average person. why? because being superior preceded the better treatment. No average person is skipping the queue randomly, the superiority comes first then the treatment second. One could make an argument that Elizabeth was horrible but its all irrelavent and has no bearing on the argument. Im right.
Show me the society where men change diapers and know what size clothing their children wear
Do you mean rich = superior or do you think her personal qualities made her superior.
Religious men only orders have been raising orphans for millenia.
It's so fucking easy to do that's shocking that you even think that someone with the idea won't do it
