<comment>
She asked for a break because her ex was in town I said no 
Months later find out she cheated with multiple people our whole relationship
Went to confront her and break up 
She turned it into blackpilling me on how much my autism actually hinders me what she cant stand about it and what her friends and everyone says is weird behind my back
Thought to myself Ill show by devoting myself to my career and get my dream life
Its been five years
Mfw shes getting married today has grad degree good job making more than i did news articles about her won awards
Right now shes getting railed by her dream guy surrounded by piles of wedding gifts while I just moved back in with my parents after losing my dream job and sit here petting my childhood pet who has a tumor the size of a golfball
I tried so hard at that job and that relationship
her ex was a competitive weightlifter
i wasnt physically enough for her or in general
She won Shes genetically superior 
No matter how hard I try Ill never be enough at anything I want in life even at my dream job 
No matter how much I break myself I cant fix what makes me the problem
To clarify Im not gonna do anything self destructive Im just venting
I dont feel tired or burnt out Ive been there before
I just feel fucking broken
<comment>
fucking website wouldnt let me post kept saying bullshit about non ascii characters being a problem so just nuked any commas or periods or anything shit was annoying thats why half of this post is fucked i cant even post on this fucking board without struggling im such a joke
<comment>
But have you tried throwing a brick through her window though?
Brick-sama is your friend.
<comment>
Let it out, in one way or another. Cry. Do anything, and remind yourself that you may not be able to change what ever happens, you can change how you can feel. You can think and act upon what you should do and can do thereafter, for you, love is a fleeting thing. But that doesn't mean all is the same. Chin up man. I hope you get well and stop continue to stride for something: anything that doesn't rely on external factors but on things that you can change. That you can do for yourself. What would feeling bitter or angry do for anyone if you chose to be so all the time? Keep yourself safe anon. I know the feeling of heartbreak, I've been with 3 women who've done nothing but he with me to leech off of me and do nothing but treat me as a friend in the end even after cheating. Stay safe, and know that people can and will care.
<comment>
So, she won? That's what I'm getting from this, you let her win in life and beat you down? You're gonna let that bitch do that to you?
<comment>
I second this motion.
Will bring emotional relief.
Justice I think they call it.
Nigger
