Bullying in america doesn't make you better outside of perhaps giving yyou a better idea of who is going to try to antagonize you, no matter what broken psychopaths on 4chan tell you
Bullies/assholes are very much loathed and regarded with disdain, it's not like the movies or highschool
When I saw the look on everyone else's faces in response to his behavior it clicked for me. The egocentric macho tough guy attitude is for insecure idiots.
most of my school loved bullies. Whenever a bullied kid got his ass beat at the school i went to in alabama (whether he put up a fight or not) they'd laugh at him and fuck with him harder for it
Yes as normalfags have told you for decades, most bullies are losers that live in trailer parks and have many issues.
The "bullying" that chad/stacy do isn't bullying, is you being called out for acting like a faggot. It happened to me and I stopped wearing a naturo headband to school. Jocks were always nice to me, it was the always the fucked up loser kids that picked on me. Jocks didn't help me either though, they just told me to stop being a bitch and fight back, which I never did.
The bullying most people on 4chan experienced is by chad/stacy, where it isn't really bullying, and is probably what you're referring to.
Bullying only works in those scenarios when the bullies are in the top of the "scene". In other words, they have social leverage over other people for one reason or another. In the real world they don't have it.
movie style bullying is rare past middle school. in high school the worst you'll experience if you're a loser is some popular kid "messing" with you in front of people.
people who continue to bully in high school are mostly losers with mental problems and they target the lowest people in the school
Well it was the exact opposite at my school. The loser kids were the nice ones and the jocks were arrogant pricks who thought they knew everything and would happily bully you for something you did years prior. As an adult I find that what you said is true though
Imagine being a grown adult and still being salty over having gotten bullied lol 
nigga just move on lmao
people come to boards like this because they got bullied. everything that happens in your teenage and childhood years is a domino effect. They are called your formative years for a reason. 
You see, life's events are connected. It's not a partition of events that have nothing to do with each other. The only way you'd think that is if you're a normalfag who cruised through life and have no real problems
I genuinely don't understand how people got bullied in school. Why were you associating with those people? I never had to talk to or associate with anybody, so I only talked to people I liked and were nice. If someone was an asshole to me I just didn't associate with them anymore. It isn't like I went to a giant school either. Maybe if you're in a school with like 40 kids in a grade level I can see it.
I genuinely don't understand how people got bullied in school
Society is not racially or at the very least culturally homogenous. There are all sorts of bozos teaching their kids random moral sets that are usually foolish. Joe teaches his kid to be a sociopath because 'that's how you get ahead". John teaches his kid to be a pacifist. Jim teaches his kid to be a joker. Jerry beats his kid every night. Neither Jim, John, Jerry, or Joe know each other and are not socially connected in any way. This leads to all sorts of mixtures of kids with different ideas of what is 'right'. Mix that with peer pressure and social dynamics in a prison-like environment and you get some interesting results that usually end up with tons of kids being bullied. kids getting each other pregnant, kids forming gangs, etc
Why were you associating with those people?
The teenage brain is more animalistic than ours. They want to be accepted, so they will do this even if it means sitting at the lunch table with the jocks who love to torment him
Ok, so they'll just target you in class against your will. You fail to respond in a way that scares them off? Congrats you're the new bullied kid
I was never targeted in class and I know I never responded in a harsh way to negative comments (rather passive guy and pretty soft spoken). I just didn't associate or interact with people I didn't like. Hell, even up to senior year in highschool there was a girl that rejected me and I felt she had lied to me by flirting with me intentionally to lead me on, and I remember distinctly this one time where I was talking to a mutual friend and she was literally standing there with us in a way to say "I'm in this conversation." She asked me some question and I didn't even acknowledge it and just continued addressing our mutual friend. Now that's not a bully by any extent but that is literally how simple it is to just avoid someone if they make you feel awful. Perhaps it's because I was an extremely early bloomer and by time it was the height of hormones where bullying would happen, I was basically already done with puberty?
I come to see funny memes lol. I'm not reading your wall of text btw lol.
Blatant lie.
Countless stats, academic studies, and personal anecdotes from both victim and bully shows that bullies are, on average, bigger, stronger, taller, more popular, more attractive.....and in some cases.... more intelligent than their victims.
Why do you think people get bullied anyway? Because some asshole wakes up one morning and decides to ruin your life continuously? It happens because more often than not people will always belittle, mock, and ridicule those that are "lesser" than them
Oh and by the way, if you think school bullies are bad....wait till you experience workplace bullying. At work, people there are fully-developed adults so you cant cope by saying "Oh they're just kids. They dont know any better!" The jokes become crueler and more debasing. No one even pretends to hide the sneers and smirks anymore. HR, your boss, coworkers...no one gives a fuck. Either deal with it or quit. I've heard these stories time and time again.
Adults really aren't much more mature than teens/kids
It never ceases to amaze me how people can hear stories like this and still think depression is just because of your "mood" or some other bullshit that can be cured by a boomer-tier pep talk.
Confidence is a feedback loop
Post those studies
After that i had another couple of fights in school but i wasnt ever "bullied".
The process always was: get made fun of, property gets touched, beat up the guy who touched it, get left alone
There's many cases where the bullies have shitty lives themselves. Its more like losers picking on each other because the socially well adjusted people don't really get anything out of bullying people.
Because most bullies rely on the fact that other people have been socialized to behave and not fight back because of legal repercussions and so forth.
If you were both out in the woods miles from civilization I guarantee that any sort of schoolyard bullying behavior would immediately be met with an attempt at retaliatory lethal force. And that's the real reason they are cowards, because deep down they know that they can only really get away with it in civil society where everyone following the unspoken social contract agrees not to escalate things when it's not necessary.
bro you sound mindbroken as fuck lmfao
I'm already in the /pol/ thread but lets see where this one goes.
The "bullying" that chad/stacy do isn't bullying, is you being called out for acting like a faggot.
Liar.
It's never about personality and always about looks. How is
Have anything to do with behavior?
Chad and Stacy sexual degenerates looking create a false pecking order they get to sit on top of. 
This is all true and they lied to us in school saying "well kids grow out of bullying and adults aren't like that." Bullshit, adults are even worse and they know you have to go to jail if you just beat their fucking brains out so they keep being assholes as much as possible. 
This is why I actively sabotage all workplace bullies.
You won't read them and then say they don't. Find them yourself, they've floated around the Internet for years.
Checked and you're right. The bully knows they make enemies. Out in the pure wild, I'd wait until he turns his head and clock him with a rock over the skull. 
Bullies survive because we can't LEGALLY kill them even thought MORALLY they deserve death.
It's even worse than that. They do all that, then they break you enough that you say something actionable? WEE WOO WEE WOO it's Lawyers, Guns, and Money time, bucko!
Bullying doesn't make them better, but they are better. Bullies are higher IQ and much more interesting than victims. That's why victims cry about patriarchy and male privilege so much.
And some retards on here have the fucking nerve to say femcels don't exist or that women can't be lonely. I'm so tired of 4chan bullies.
I was a wiz kid back in high school, was winning national and international competitions in STEM shit, languages, philosophy, music, ... you name it. I was also taller, stronger, and more fit than any other guy in my high school, but i still got bullied. Because the bullies were a group, and i was alone. That's it. Five of the most retarded, pale, skinny manlets you can imagine. One of them died because he crashed into a tree, one of them has lung cancer now because hes been smoking since 5th grade, one is an alcoholic and the others work shitty wagie jobs. I'm getting my mathematics degree now, but am so stunted and insecure despite my apoearance that people get weirded out by me almost immediately. I guess it's really uncanny for a 6'5 200lbs guy to be a timid shy sperg.
lol same shit here. None of mine have died yet, but quite a few have badly humiliated themselves on top of being general failures at life.
aka low IQ and useless. reading a book doesn't make you intelligent, retard.
Reading books does make you intelligent, yes. It's a hobby for intelligent people. 
Don't be insecure anon. Otherwise they win in the end, you know why? Because envious low-tier people project their insecurities onto others in order to liven up themselves.
My only "friends" are my old professors and mentors. I would go to banquets and dinners with my physics teacher, my music theory professor, my maths teacher, i'd hang out with the head of the library, talk about philosophy with the principal... I'm just completely unable to connect with people from my generation. Hell, i still hang out with my music theory professor after all these years. And (even though i think IQ is a bullshit metric that means nothing), i got tested at 147...
Do you have a girlfriend or wife?
I have never touched a woman in my life. I am 22 years old.
I wish my parents told me to fight bullies. In elementary/middle school there's literally no consequence for fighting a bully. I shouldve just broken their nose and beaten them so badly they wouldve gotten unconscious.
Do you think you were retarded from birth or you were brainwashed to do all that retarded shit?
Femcels get bullied harder than anyone else and they can't even fight back.
I think i've always been a retard. Only a retard would spend his entire life excelling at various things and still somehow be invisible to women. I can't remember the last time i spoke to a female.
This was such bullshit while going to school. Once you fight back they'd leave you alone 9 times out of 10.
I'm a year older than you and I'm in a similar boat. (I have at the very least made out with a girl after a date and it was nice, but no sex)
Listen, you have it going for you, you made the right choice with your career path and investment in your education, now you need to capitalize on it. The next step is to invest in yourself and secure your own happiness. 
I'm gonna respond in another post so you know that I'm not the other idiot.
Okay, so. First and foremost, you're pursuing a field with a lot of career opportunities, but don't let it tether your social life. What do I mean? Engineering, STEM, and Mathematics in general are sausagefests and hubs of lonely autists. I know this because I had a semester in engineering. Don't allow the interest or career path define who you are as a person because you'll be bland as a human. In fact you won't even be a human, your work will define who you are:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=map7yeSJNw0&amp;ab_channel=LukeSmith [Embed]
Second, develop a personality and learn how to relate to other people. It's harder than it sounds. No, don't fake who you are in order to please others. But learn to find a genuine interest in other human beings, and learn to connect on an emotional level with them. I recommend the book: 'How to win friends and influence people'
Thirdly, take a chance and talk to girls. Involve yourself with them. If you learn how to befriend and talk with people in general you can form connections with girls without coming off as creepy. Just stop being self conscious and stop feeling invisible. You exist and you're in your prime, man. 
Finally, invest in your health and well being by going to the gym and practicing good grooming, good fashion, ect. ect. You'll make it. I believe in you dude. It's all an effort thing.
Hey, if that faggot loser >>73158145 is still here and you spooked him off before I could put my two cents in, go fuck yourself, you're trash.
And I've blown far past this and it's all bullshit. The only way this bee urself bullshit works is if literally everything goes to plan and a few things go better. Too bad this is real life and shit always hits the fan. Not everyone is nice, and anything and everything you do, look like, etc. can and will be used against you, especially at work where there is a lot of money, status, and money to be gained by fucking you over. You should strive to be invisible since it will give you maximum freedom. Bee ur faggot self on your own time, but in public, blend in. This is what most people call "being professional".
The stakes are also very high if you fuck up since not only will you throw away years of investment and schooling, but you will get into very expensive, perhaps deadly messes, all of which are preventable if you could reign in your bawwtism. You aren't a child any more. Everything has consequences; act accordingly.
Transphobia is literally the worst kind of bullying.
Yeah just keep your head down and don't improve at all. If you get any pushback by life recoil in fear as opposed to trying until you succeed
What a loser mindset dude lmao
Not him, but we don't need transphobia, nor do we need trans acceptance. We need a constructive approach to helping those individuals so that they can better themselves, because they are dealing with serious mental issues.
Neither are mutually exclusive you autistic retard. Successful people know how to play the game, and sometimes that involves not being an attentionwhore for negative gain.
lol what? were none of your bullies black? Even the 'preppy' blacks at my high school would bully you in a group because they have no honor and would be too pussy to fight you one on one, knowing if thewy got their ass beat their sycophants would help out
At my job I was routinely bullied by a much older gentleman who should have known better. Why? Because he knew I couldn't stand up for myself. What did everyone else say? "The guy's just a joker! That's his sense of humor!" Bullies are smart and they are popular, and they will specifically target victims they know aren't popular and won't stand up for themselves... that is, until they make a scene in front of management when they're pushed too far. It stopped as soon as I made it unfavorable for him.
Uhhh, more likely that will get you escorted out in handcuffs nowadays, but OK.
I just shouted at him. That's all it took.
OK, maybe it did, 10 years ago. Nowadays they'd just claim you were shouting a death threat and acting erratic and WEEWOOWEEWOO. Guess all those retards shouldn't have committed so many mass shootings, huh?
lol what? were none of your bullies black? 
They were and they stopped once I fought back, yeah I got jumped but that was the end of all of our exchanges so I'm standing by my statement.
not him but you realize every high school is different right? You could be at a school filled with nothing but arrogant violent pricks and go the next county over and the people at that HS could be completely different and way more chill
If you are bullied, you deserve it. If you can't stop someone from hurting you, you deserve to suffer. The only law that's needed is evolve or die. Might makes right. The weak should fear the strong. Hurting people makes me feel good :)
All of society's ills are caused by the ridiculous notion that the weak somehow deserve to exist. The weak must be culled. They must die, slowly and painfully. Die. Diiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeee.
Kill the weak.
Torture the weak.
Punish the weak for existing.
please don't hurt me... I promise I'll be nice and do everything you say!! just please don't hurt me...
Intimidation - threat of violence, submission or lessening of quality of life
Nice logic mate, if a burglar breaks into your house and rapes your wife and daughter, cuts your throat and robs all your valuables, you deserved it.
If you aren't attacking every potential threat to yourself, you deserve to die. And everything that is not you is a potential threat. You will never be safe until you are alone.
what if you attack and get killed in the effort?
at least you wont live like a pussy who never stood up for himself
Then you don't deserve to live. Only the absolutely strongest living thing deserves to live. Life is a war. Win it or die.
i dont think dying at 14 to some psycho bully for the sake of bravado is very productive
what does productive mean to you?
living to be of worth, not dying like a nigger because you happened to be surrounded by psychopaths in a prison that doesnt in any way represent adult life. as a grown man you can stand up for yourself quite easily, as you have options and can leave whenever you want. if some group of hoddlums attacks me as a man i can just use my 2nd amendment or call the cops and continue about my day, contributing to society and my own goals. That is productive. What is not productive is your cretinous mindset that 'dying at 14 to some bully because at least I wuznt a puzzy bro' is not productive and is a waste of life
It's easier to stand up to the typical schoolyard bully than the passive aggressive fucks at the workplace. You don't get the arbitrary social codes? You instantly become the resident clown and as everyone are adults it will be more covert, all just to mindfuck you.
only middle school and high school bullies are worth talking about
Imagine your life being so easy the biggest problem in your life is some memories of how a kid in middleschool called you ugly 30 years ago.(or maybe he didnt even and you're just larping for victim points)
Bullying crybabies are so funny.
Especially when they make those "how did your bully end up" and write some retarded larps.
Like i saw something like this in one of them dont have the screenshot does anyone else have a screenshot of this greentext?
