did nature create white women just so she could be blacked?
is a bear shits in the woods....
who cares.
They were made for green cock.
White women overwhelmingly reject brown skin.
Haha, sure they do
Obviously not, you stupid cuck, otherwise they would not have evolved at all.
denial
If it helps you cope with being brown lol
For marriage and dating, yeah. For being racially conquered and having rough, submissive, violent rapesex with? Its brown or darker or they aint down.
jewish porn propaganda
No woman wants to have anything to do with shitskins.
Heck even now for marriage and dating white women seem to be cracking down on participating look at all these young white girls and their zoomer boyfriends and Bill gates daughter. It's over for whites.
Not porn anymore bud lol I see more bm wf couples than ever these days and honestly it's a good thing
I go by what I see outside, and women with brown and black men are literally everywhere.
I love young white women so fucking much, they're so fucking gorgeous
my porn history says otherwise.
Lol cope more browncels nobody wants you
Wouldn't you be better dating a black man through Grindr instead of sharing your fantasies with us?
tfw darks are getting the scorn they deserve for darkcope posting all these years
They hard filter their own race but let non Jeremy Meeks tier niggers fuck them with no problem so yes they really are created to be blacked. They are natural born race traitors.
why do brown guys(mostly indians, hispanics and muslims) want white gf so much?
How the fuck did we reach the point where "blacked" is an actual term now?
Mass media shows that winners date White girls, It has no more deep
because we are caucasoid and find other caucaoid women (white) to be attractive, its the same reason why we indian guys find nigger / chink women to be unattractive because the are negriod / mongolid and us being caucasoid like caucasoid females as our preference.........
They look nice and are fun to beat to death because they have no backbone like our women
About 9 years of constant porn-spam.
Blacked.com was uploaded by Vixen media group in 2014
along with vixen, tushy, and Blacked Raw dot com
kek. i told you it wasnt East Azns browncope posting.
i deserve legitimate reparations
Why are blacks the poster children for lactose intolerance when it's 4chan's perfect nips that are the most affected by it?
nobody wants you
from a person who has videos of a subhuman eating cowshit on his computer (for using it in an online argument of course)
a breif reminder about who make blacked spam
Cope more browcel
Based Jabba poster.
I should recommend you Betrayed to Jabba series on deviantart by dazibane.
Animal milk is disgusting. Full of pus, antibiotics, cow diseases, pesticides and bacteria. Causes inflammation and phlegm buildup in the body and is linked to heart attacks. No one should be drinking it.
browcel
no we're actually not into that, porn is acting not real life
