how does it make oyu feel brobots
Never have a daughter, im the only male in my family and all of them are sluts. I distanced myself from the a long time ago.
I cant wait to be that daughter one day.
care to explain? who is a slut and what makes them sluts
Most parents are ok with this. I could never raise a daughter
is there a source for the pic?
A reverse yandex search gives picrel linked to https://xhamster.desi/photos/gallery/spinner-teen-whore-4038536
but that link is now dead
the blood is gross
would be hotter if she just had a little bit of a prolapse instead
Why do people think the 
Thing changes anything
Like, obviously she is one, how is that deep?
Am I just autistic?
much less stigma around sex with women made from mitosis
Found her.
Her name is Keirstin Jenkins. I think she was not a pornstar but there are many pictures of her online. Here is one link to a picture gallery of the day of OP pic
https://x3vid.com/gallery/1413992/Freds%20Sexy%20as%20fuck%20skinny%20whore%204
What do I search to find more images like this one.
Can some actually explain this "someones daughter" bullshit to me? Like I don't get why the fuck that changes anything. Aren't we all someones child and have siblings and parents??
Cucked western society places infinite value on females especially white females so when anything bad happens to one it's the worst disaster ever. Hence "Muh heckin' Someones Daughteru!!!!". It would be like if someone scratched the paint on your lambo.
Meanwhile men in western society are considered disposable paypigs.
Honestly she just looks like any other dime a dozen hoe that got hooked on drugs and sold her body instead of work.
counterposing the disgusting situation she's in with the notion that she used to be someone's daughter whom the father loved and cared for up to that point.
putting it beside the purity of a child to make the wretchedness of the image even more contrasting.
Wow anon, way to reinforce patriarchal values. That's not someone's daughter, that's an autonomous individual with their own agency.
I do not really care that it is someone elses daughter because, we all come from somebody. Kinda lame to say. Anyway that does not look like it felt too good. Makes me clench my cheeks.
That's a pretty good shop
