Femcels, please tell us:
Are you a virgin?
KHV?
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
Are you a Kidology viewer?
Interested weirdo bump.
not a femcel, i could get laid any time i wanted, but
Are you a virgin?
yes
KHV?
yes
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
i flirt with like everyone i meet, but then as soon as they try to actually touch me or move the relationship past a weird "will they wont they" friendship, i panic and immidiately back off. idk why. i think im scared of actual intimacy, both in the emotional and physical sense
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
not really. i think ill probably either be a virgin till i die, or eventually drive over to some robot i meet heres house and let him take my virginity out of the urge to get it over with, hate and cut myself afterwards, ghost him, and then never have sex again.
Are you a Kidology viewer?
yes actually. not a huge fan but i have watched a few of her videos
I will fuck you, but only if you have that gun.
Are you a virgin?
Yes
KHV?
Khhv
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
I am ugly and autistic and men have high standards and lie.
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
No i plan on killing myself
Are you a Kidology viewer?
Who?
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
Because they reject anyone who isnt a 8/10+ billionaire.
Theres no other way to be "unsuccessful with men" as a woman.
Men will fuck anything.
ugly
How ugly are we talking here?
eventually drive over to some robot i meet heres house and let him take my virginity out of the urge to get it over with, hate and cut myself afterwards, ghost him, and then never have sex again.
Does it make you feel sort of sick to think about having someone touch you, but also really want it? Not a nice feeling, is it?
No i plan on killing myself
Don't do that, anon. You're probably young and have many options that you've yet to consider.
How ugly are we talking here?
Very. Also flat
I dont have any options anon its oveR!!
I'd feel unsafe having sex with you because you might off yourself with my jizz in you.
Kek. Thanks for the concern i guess
I'd buttfuck you. So that's an option.
i'm still looking for a gf into Ezra Pound's poetic legacy that is emotionally catholic like me
wants to be a slut
Loneliest woman on /r9k/.
You could still easily find a bf. You're just not looking at all.
As long as I get you to laugh and not make a crime scene I'm good.
You dont know me. You wouldnt
Anon youre so right, since you know everything about me clearly
Why wouldn't I buttfuck you?
Chin up, anon. We are deserving of love, one and all. If you remain positive, your beauty will always be visible.
i have an airsoft rifle that doesnt look too dissimilar if thats close enough
Any woman who's not deformed can easily get a bf.
She still has options easily.
femcels
Troons are not women. There are no real women on this board.
Alrighty then that sounds like a square deal to me.
Any woman who's not deformed can easily get a bf.
Even if a woman is deformed she can still easily get a bf if she actually wants to.
Personally I'd need you to have the PlayStation jumper as well, or it's no deal.
While I wouldn't describe myself as involuntarily celibate, I am a virgin, although not kissless. I have had two 'relationships', though they were very short lived; the first was with a boy my mother had arranged for me to court from our church. We held hands on a single occasion, but he did not care for me and I felt quite uncomfortable, as our parents had set up the whole affair and neither of us was quite amicable to the arrangement, so we split ways without much fuss. 
The second relationship lasted one week; a boy from my school asked me to our school dance, and as lonely as I was, I accepted, shocked someone would ever want to be with me at such an event. As it happened, he did not care for me, and only wanted to 'score', as it were, after the dance, which was socially anticipated. He stole my first kiss, and I pulled away, because I had not wanted to be kissed. I ran in a panic and locked myself in the restroom, soon after, he became belligerent, and only left after I threatened to call the police. 
I believe that I have historically been unsuccessful with men because I am plain in appearance and dull in personality. Being raised as a devout Catholic with a very controlling mother meant any social closeness with a boy my age was treated as a sin, and was prohibited. I always did as I was told, meaning all of my peers, who universally rebelled in some way, had no interest in socializing with a 'buzzkill'. 
I have no hope for the future; I have abandoned this world, and live in complete isolation. I will live my life alone and I will die alone.
I do not know of her, is she known for something in particular?
You're such a sweet soul, anon. I hope you're feeling better from that thread the other day. 
Does it make you feel sort of sick to think about having someone touch you, but also really want it?
yes, thats a really good way to put it.
also, for some reason the idea of someone actually wanting me sort of turns me off of them. like last year there was this older dude one of my friends introduced me to. was super horny for him instantly. 
thought about him that way for a month. then the next time we hung out, like a month later, he asked me for my number and started flirting back and i immediately lost interest. very weird. 
i had literally been masturbating to the memory of the glimpse of tummy and happy trail i got when he took his hoodie off that first night, all the way up to the day before that party, but when we saw each other again he tried to put his arm around my waist and i felt viceral disgust. 
im just really fucked about these things idk.
pic rel
love these two girls actually. i watch their youtube channel, one is retarded but the other is very funny and bright. i think i would, given the chance
tfw no plain Catholic gf
Are you a virgin?
no
KHV?
no
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
i think my autistic "whimsy", coming across kinda childish and my personality being as if a stray cat learned how to talk puts the men i'm interested in off (no i do not go for chads)
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
no
Are you a Kidology viewer?
no idk who that is
Damn, that's rough. I don't directly lose all attraction to someone who shows any interest in me, but I don't believe they are being truthful because I hate myself so much. That leads me to seeing them as dishonest, even if they might not be, and that is unattractive to me.
Completely my own doing. Nobody to blame but myself. No clue how to fix it.
This literally sounds like every woman ever. You love the chase then when you get what you want you hate it. Why are women like this?
This creature masturbates every day.
Queen of pillow humping.
Gets off quietly a few times a month when her libido hits her like a truck.
Idk if it's easy for them still, but it's definitely easy when you're not deformed like basically all women on this board.>>73157887
I have had two 'relationships'
Loneliest woman on /r9k/. If you actually felt lonely then you'd actually, yknow, find a bf when you have countless options lol.
started flirting back and i immediately lost interest
Least desired """femcel""".
Most virginal """femcel""".
This creature masturbates every day.
i cans go to sleep without it dont shame me
but then as soon as they try to actually touch me or move the relationship past a weird "will they wont they" friendship, i panic and immidiately back off. idk why. i think im scared of actual intimacy,
I'm kinda like that too (am a moid)
No i plan on killing myself
Don't do that!
The second relationship lasted one week; a boy from my school asked me to our school dance, and as lonely as I was, I accepted, shocked someone would ever want to be with me at such an event. As it happened, he did not care for me, and only wanted to 'score', as it were, after the dance, which was socially anticipated. He stole my first kiss, and I pulled away, because I had not wanted to be kissed. I ran in a panic and locked myself in the restroom, soon after, he became belligerent, and only left after I threatened to call the police.
Holy shit it sounds like you were almost raped there
i think my autistic "whimsy", coming across kinda childish and my personality being as if a stray cat learned how to talk puts the men i'm interested in off (no i do not go for chads)
Interesting. I guess being alone could be worth it if it gives you more space to pursue your hobbies?
You're a slut who is too retarded to have sex. You need to be shamed more.
Most virginal """femcel""".
any woman can get sex. there are no incel women. femcels are women who can't get relationships
Interesting. I guess being alone could be worth it if it gives you more space to pursue your hobbies?
true, i enjoy my alone time with my hobbies a lot but i also feel like my life lacks purpose without a man
My soul is most assuredly rancid, I'm afraid.
I've recovered well enough; I'm still rather comfoozled from the exertion, but I'm sure I'll recover swiftly.
Well, Anon, 17% of all Catholics are in the age bracket of 18-29, and 54% of Catholics are women. Allowing for loose estimation, this means there are 119 million Catholic women in the world! Your chances are optimal!
Ahaha... oh how I wish your projections were accurate...
I try not to think about dark futures that didn't come true. There's no point in wallowing in what may have gone wrong, especially when quite enough has gone wrong in a proper, non-hypothetical sense.
Are you a virgin?
yes
KHV?
kv some boys have forced hugs onto me
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
avoidant and i don't want some normie coomer bf either and 98% of men that i meet are probably one or the other or both i suppose i am too scared to be disappointed if i ever decided to give someone a chance
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
no
Are you a Kidology viewer?
no
i am not a femcel but too avoidant to have sex or a relationship i hate physical touch
I~ I just.. developed a crush on you.. (wtf)
My soul is most assuredly rancid, I'm afraid.
There's so much I'd like to tell you, but I'm conscious of the boundary you put up regarding personal comments, and I'd like to respect it. So I'll simply say that I don't believe you to be correct.
Ahaha... oh how I wish your projections were accurate...
Gross. If you're going to be such a floozy at least let men enjoy you properly.
Ungodly pathetic.
You can still pitifully easily get a relationship. Being a slut who hasn't had a bf doesn't make you a femcel lol.
not a femcel
Why are you even here then? You can easily get a bf online who can go extremely slowly with you if it's too spooky to go fast.
Are you a virgin?
yeah
KHV?
kissless and virgin, but not hugless
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
my looks and the fact that im "one of the boys". guys dont see me as an actual girl and my looks dont help that either. 
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
im hoping it does, maybe if i fix my face and learn how to do makeup properly
Are you a Kidology viewer?
tf is kidology lol
Why are you even here then? You can easily get a bf online who can go extremely slowly with you if it's too spooky to go fast.
i would more than likely be too scared to meet him in real life. do you even understand what avoidant means? besides your point is redundant as women are incapable of being femcels.
What have you ever actually done to try to find a bf? Are you unable to use dating apps or find a bf online?
do you even understand what avoidant means?
Of course. It doesn't mean you're incapable forever. If you wanted a bf you'd still be able to easily get one. It'd just be painful and you'd have to ease into it. You could also get a desperate loser guy to pay for therapy for you to help you get less terminally avoidant.
women are incapable of being femcels
Well duh, but I'm also trying to say your """loneliness""" is a total meme lmao.
Interested at all in talking on discord? I have a feeling you don't because you really resent men but worth a shot.
ur mean but "slut whos too retarded to have sex" is unironically a great line that describes me pretty well. i might add it to my twitter bio or make that my status on spacehey or something because thats kinda me to a t
If she actually wanted a bf she'd have one lol.
true, i enjoy my alone time with my hobbies a lot but i also feel like my life lacks purpose without a man
Yeah I feel that way sometimes about not having a woman. Like I can keep myself busy and happy or w/e but there's no sense of ultimate purpose.
I didn't ask if she'd be my gf
If you wanted a bf you'd still be able to easily get one. 
i want a boyfriend who does not watch porn (already excludes 99.9% of men). i will Not settle for less but i am aware my standard is literally impossible so no i can not just easily get a bf lol.
i've had multiple therapists and they couldn't deal with me or i didn't like them. one told me she couldn't treat my problems not even 30 minutes into our session and referred me to a psychiatrist and i never saw her again.
i dont wanna use dating apps since most guys on there dont share the same interests i do. im into video games and shit like warhammer 40k, so i doubt id find anyone who id click with. as for online dating, ive had an online bf once, but he ended up being insane so i dont wanna take my chances again
i want a boyfriend who does not watch porn
Your standards are ungodly then. A man who only wants a 11/10 model isn't an incel because he can't find any who'd date him.
ive had an online bf once
Most lonely """femcel""".
he was my first and only one kek, it was also when i was like 16 so it barley counts lol
What video games because vidya is really fucking popular nowadays so I really doubt that's a turn off for most men unless it's more obscure or "girly" stuff.
You could pitifully easily get another one, and you would one if you were lonely at all.
99.9% of femcels dont exist. Im the rare exception. Im asexual, aromantic, ugly, low iq, zero motivation, boring etc etc.
If you're asexual then that makes you a volcel
Anon, you really must be more selective. I am a total stranger who has given you nothing, in a place where people are not to be trusted. You shouldn't allow yourself to care for others in such circumstances, all that could await you is disappointment. You only have one heart; please guard it more carefully!
I'll be departing now; Anon is incredibly dedicated to his work, and if I recall from my poster's license test, "Femcels Do Not Exist" preachers have right of way over female blogposters, and I have no intention of being fined for a posting violation! I can't afford the insurance fees spiking!
Thoughts on Gladius and Mechanicus? I own both games but haven't played them yet. I might get Chaos Gate - Daemonhunters someday, but my computer right now is too weak to play it.
Anon, you really must be more selective. I am a total stranger who has given you nothing, in a place where people are not to be trusted. You shouldn't allow yourself to care for others in such circumstances, all that could await you is disappointment. You only have one heart; please guard it more carefully
accurate display of how (satanic) a woman heart works
Yet another "problems that don't actually exist" threas You do realize you're even bigger failure than male incels If you cannot get a relationship as a female come up right? It's one thing if you do not care for them or do not actively seek them and that's why you're single. It's another thing to want one but be a pitiful ass wipe waste of a human being and were abused to God and get one because " boi hoo I'm scared ". You don't have a fucking excuse. You're more pathetic than even the entitled whiny male incels that refuse to change because on top of you yourself refusing to change or even putting in minimal effort, You didn't have to gall to act like you actually have it hard in any facet when it comes to dating. Just say you're too lazy to talk to people. I don't know why you even bother making these types of posts. You are not a "femcel" You're a lazy entitled fuckwad that wants things to fall into her lap. New/, you don't live in a fucking cartoon or a fairy tale. And that change or forever be miserable and alone. 
Translation:
I go for dudes I know fuck well are extremely picky instead of more reasonable dudes and then bitch and moan when I can't get them because I have a cockroach one track mind. 
Insanity is defined as doing the same shit over and over again expecting different results. If you repeatedly go for the same type of dudes and get fucked over by the same types of dudes, maybe it's time you make a little change or lower your goddamn standards you pitiful little girl
wall of text
didnt read, youre annoying, kys
BE MY LOLI GF NOW
oRINGIALY
tfw no 'one of the boys' gf who banters and games and rages with me and we call eachother dude and bro, but actually are super cute and loving with eachother
yes
yes
severe health problems
no
no
severe health problems
like what? do you have terminal cancer? are you mute? amputee?
Shit survey. You should have asked the age. Most of the "femcels" on this board are barely legal age.
Why do women come to this board? I feel like it's not healthy to hang around a place that constantly talks about how much they hate women if you're actually a woman yourself.
Multiple sclerosis is the big one.
so what is that like? are u in a wheelchair? whats actually the thing preventing you from getting a bf right now, today.
It's tough, a lot of difficulty with movement and coordination, seizures, I do have a wheelchair yes. Any potential bf I may ever have interacted with has been put off by my health problems, or learning the cause of them. 
I mean suppose I went to a bar or went on Tinder, besides needing the help of another person to do that, in my non-romantic experience with men they immediately would make up their mind of non-romance upon seeing me and the obvious disease.
i guarantee if you're on tinder you will have a date set up today within 4 hours max
how old are you? do you have any fetishes connected to your health problems
You could pitifully easily find a bf still, as long as you're not horrendously deformed. Women are on a whole entire plane of ezmode.
Yeah they're fresh out of high school (or are still in it) and are just here to get attention.
Attention. The board that hates women the most also worships any ugly girl the most.
Ok I will try this and report back.
18, I don't think out of the ordinary fetishes.
Yes I am horrendously deformed.
18
Yep, I'm guessing you've hardly tried online.
horrendously deformed
Google "progeria". I'm talking about that level of deformed, not just having a messed up back and needing a wheelchair.
You're absolutely right, most men aren't willing to deal with a girlfriend being handicapped, and the truly awful men will pretend to be okay with it just long enough to get some sex. Don't let ideologically-radicalized 4channers tell you that your life experiences aren't real or valid just because they don't want to believe that a woman on 4chan could lead a difficult life.
Online is all I have ever tried, a whole lot. With a fake identity but essentially the same as me just aged up, out of curiosity. No guy ever expressed interest in dating.
just having a messed up back and needing a wheelchair.
It's much worse than that, that's just the base thing to notice. Also I've seen progeria girls get bfs.
18
Oh fuck off, come back to this thread when you finish education, are halfway to 30 and have zero social contact opportunities anymore.
girls in college/hs thinking they're destined to be alone
fuck outta here
are you a virgin?
yes, but ive been relationships
KHV?
ive had 2 kisses and have hugged but virgin
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
i get described as "hot but unsettling" so that probably has something to do with it, plus people dont actually like emo girls irl. men will be interested in me until they get to know me, then will treat me as like a close friend
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
yeah bc i do get attention i just manage to get friendzoned before we make any moves, and i can get in longterm online relationships
Are you a kidology viewer?
no
Extremely pathetic simp. Obese ugly wheelchair-bound women still easily can find bf's who'll let them be worthless NEETs. You wish that women had lives even slightly similar to yours in terms of difficulty, but that's simply untrue.
No guy ever expressed interest in dating
Try on here. Guys here are incredibly desperate.
I've seen progeria girls get bfs
Yes women do have incredibly easy lives, but them for them it's at least a challenge.
ive been relationships
Loneliest """femcel""".
I'm done with high school but can't go to college so that window is closed.
Ok I will try that. Well I already tried some but again no guy yet, even off here had interest as much as dating.
Loneliest """femcel"""
they break up with me after like 2 weeks lmao i get friendzoned like literally every other incel on here
Greetings anchoress
fuck outta here
Exactly. But even girls in their 30s can still easily find robots to date them.
I already tried
Link the thread.
i get friendzoned
Lower your standards, then. Go for guys online and you'll have countless options.
man that shit sucks i truely hope you're happy and living a fulfilling life despite your hardship
i also hope i can get laid
this. 
These bitches barely left their mothers womb coming in here talking about being "forever alone". Fuck these whores. they literally only want attention. Female virgins past the age of 24 literally do not exist.
God that photo is pure sexo. Honestly that pic is so beautful that it's not even just "pretty" it goes so hard that to me it hits in the philosophical sense of "the sublime". 
Anyway, sucks that you feel that way. Obvious advice, but do it with some random you meet at school, college or even the gym and not some likely-to-kill-you mf here. 
How old are you? If you are young probably chicken out before sex is relatively normal. Have you tried getting a bit drunk? Maybe that will help you (it helped some friends with a similar problem), that being said, be responsible and take your own desicion, i will never recomend alcohol to anyone, just letting you know it is an option. I would be down to chat if you want, not for sex or anything, but mostly cause i'm bored.
Lower your standards, then. Go for guys online and you'll have countless options.
i have pretty low standards, the only men ive even dated are virgin "loser" computer scientists. ive tried online too, the same thing happens aswell its fr joever for me. i just dont know how girls can get into long relationships or fuck whenever they want, the moment men try and pursue me they randomly change to just wanting to play games and be friends with me and idk what im doing wrong
the moment men try and pursue me they randomly change to just wanting to play games and be friends
Try pursuing them? Or at least make sure you reciprocate their advancements quickly
just slut out
Incredible.
virgin "loser" computer scientists
Them being virgins or having really high-paying jobs doesn't mean you have low standards lmao. They couldn't have been that much of losers if they were able to leave you.
fr joever
So you're probably 18 too. Try on /r9k/ and you'll realize you have nearly infinite options.
Kidology is a youtuber. She is a self-describe (i say self-describe here because some people like to argue that it is stolen valor and she actually shouldnt use that term) femcel. I only know her because she shows up on Destiny's streams from time to time. I guess she talks about being a femcel and that's why OP mentioned her
Yes she's a destiny dickrider and a """femcel""" because some guy she likes doesn't like her back. It's very pathetic and cringy.
them being virgins...
i say this because im also a loser virgin computer scientist and i wish any of us were making money atm 
ive tried so hard even getting to the point where we have a discussion about dating each other and both have feelings we've made open for each other, but like a week after it's "i think youd make a great friend"
I don't recall the specific threads but maybe I can find one in the archive. Also is that Desert Punk?
That would be nice but by my genetics that seems a bad idea in the first place.
Holy fuck, you guys are fucking insane. Listen i know you have never had a female friend yet you are very confident about understanding women, but let me tell you, no, it is not normal for a girl to masturbate to a guy and then find it disgusting for that person to touch them
Being a virgin doesn't make you a loser, and neither does being in STEM or being computer scientists. Quite the opposite, really.
Go for different guys, obviously, since the types you guy for
If you made a thread saying "i'm a femcel with 5 different disabilities/deformities can i get a bf" you'd no doubt get dozens and dozens of responses and interested guys.
Wow that sounds so rough.
Maybe a good way is to remind yourself that they don't really have a incentive to lie. If they are after you, it is because they want to be with you (either romantically or just sexually). Why would they pretend to be interested in you? trust me, except very obscure specific situations most guys won't lose time on chicks they considere ugly
kek. that's... not good
maybe ill try and go for a different type of guy. i just really do view myself as an absolute loser and i dont wanna be one of those bitches that go too far out of their league yk im scared that if i try and go for a different type of man my hobbies will be seen as even more weird
Are you the CS girl? Are you brown or asian? I ask because most STEM chicks are ethnic. 
If you live in toronto, I'm also a CS grad and am actually working fully remote rn, i'm probably completely wasting my time with this but :
Narco#5296
If you're white, don't bother though im not interested.
Nerd hobbies for women are seen as a plus, and I mean to go for actually low-tier guys, not your fellow men who continuously quasi-reject you lmfao.
How would you rate yourself on a scale of 1 to 10?
Idk if you are the same girl, but yes, that's truly the best advice. If you are having epinephrine spikes, bordeline panick attacks, that don't let you function properly or get what you want (in this case sex), the best advice (besides the boring yet true talk to a therapist) is try to get over it be getting yourself in a situation where you do fuck. That type of fear is relaively common on virgins yet it dramatically decreased with the "has fuck a least once" demographic and that's for a reason. Once you do fuck you lose that misticism
i am the cs girl, but i am white and live in the states so im sorry :( 
what qualifies as a low-tier guy? 
id probably rate myself a 4-5, the only "attractive" thing about me is that im alternative and not obese
Maybe but I would not ever make a thread about myself, that's just shitting the board. Also I think against the rules? /soc/ is for that. Rather I tried before and would try within other threads, albeit of a relevant topic.
what qualifies as a low-tier guy?
Lower-tier in terms of looks.
doesn't want to try
Loneliest woman on /r9k/. It's not against the rules if you're even slightly subtle about it.
The fact that you can truly said that someone with multiple sclorosis has life easier than you is actually so pathetic. just by that answer alone is not only evident but also fair that you are a hopeless virgin
Definitely vastly easier in terms of being able to find love and a stable comfortable living situation. In terms of chronic pain levels or whatever else, that's probably worse.
comfortable living situation
She is in a wheelchair you literal subhuman retard. Hold on, i want you to acutally write this. Do you think that the life of the average girl on a wheelchair with multiple seizures is more confortable than the average male?
im alternative
this is either increidble atractive or a -5 debuff
She could pitifully easily get a loving attractive bf who'd take her everywhere. She doesn't need to be able to move on her own to live just fine. Any even remotely lonely guy here would swap places with her in an instant.
doesn't want to shit up the board
There's ways to try that don't make the board suffer. You're the problem if you hold otherwise.
Ok, you are trolling, idk why i ever engaged
This board is a dumpster fire. There's no way one quasi-/soc/ thread would make it that much worse. It's just pissing in an ocean of piss.
Which part is the troll?
i think its a positive in my case? most of the guys who were orignnilay interested in me said being alternative was their favorite thing about my appearance
Ignore him, he's a boring cunt who always watches threads like these, always with the same tired anime avatar-fagging schtick. Not even that his message or agenda is wrong, fuck "femcels" there are zero females on this board anyway, but this fag such a boring loser that it trivializes anything he says.
you dont genuinly believe the average guy has a harder, less comfortable, life than a girl with multiple sclerosis. If you do you not only have a completly disconnect from reality but also a lack of common sense
This board is a dumpster fire.
And you want to make it at all worse? You're the problem. I'll stick to trying other ways.
there is no actual way a human being with a brain can be logically thinking like this rn
such a boring loser that it trivializes anything he says
What? Lol. Genius argument.
It's definitely far easier for the girl to find love and find a comfortable stable life, as said.
Well if you were even slightly lucky you'd jump on the easiest ways to get a partner.
Would you let me buttfuck you if I asked nicely?
That's cool :). I would ask you to show a pic, but i doubt you want to and honestly its not like i care that much. Based that you are into CS, im planning to study taht as well. are you happy whit your career choice? anything you would have like to know about it before making the desicion to study CS?
Yawn. Get new material you boring cunt.
I will see how this Tinder thing goes and then consider.
im pretty happy with it, my true dream career is something to do with philosophy but oh well. i decieded in middle school i wanted to do cs, so i guess what i would've wanted to know is how often old people will come for you for any help with their tech haha
Tinder is the most sex-obsessed dating app, but in any case you'll realize you have 100s of options at your finger tips unless you live in the middle of the sahara desert.
Well having a decent career in philo must be really fucking hard so maybe you dodge a bullet there. Good thing is that if you actually like it you can still read stuff as a side hobby, obviosuly not the same that going to uni but still just as fun
what i would've wanted to know is how often old people will come for you for any help with their tech
Lol
Allah smite these females for they deceive and choose to lie to men about being virgins, or choose to be sluts.
I do understand why Kidology is a femcel when I look at her. But she has a soothing voice and cute smile so its not all lost
I want to court this femanon, hold her hand and cuddle her on the couch
Kiss her when I know the time is right and convert her to my religion away from catholicism
I want to make her my woman
Are you a virgin?
Yes
KHV?
Also yes (and have witch powers)
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
black, unattractive, not anyone's "type," kinda hard to get to know, tend to make people feel uncomfy which goes against the point of being a woman
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
A little.
Are you a Kidology viewer?
Seen maybe one or two videos and they were okay but couldn't shake the feeling she was forcing an RP-ish accent to seem refined.
you're the type of girl i would date irl desu
couldn't shake the feeling she was forcing an RP-ish accent to seem refined.
This also bothered me, but i doubt its a larp. im from london as well and, unfortunately its common for people to have those over the top posh accents. especially at kidologys age'
thanks for sharing this pic anon
message is true and succintly put
Are you a virgin?
Yes
KHV?
No
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
I just don't fit in with the regular lds crowd here. Either people are too liberal or they are too conservative for my taste. 
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
Well I only need to get lucky once, so I say I'm optimistic. 
Are you a Kidology viewer?
No
what do you think people consider "unsettling" about cha
As a guy, I think women's dating experience and "femcels" are misunderstood by most men.
women have unlimited options
This is the first misunderstanding.
Truth is, men are horny creatures who will fuck anything.
This is why as a woman on let's say Tinder you can get many matches no matter what you look like.
Guess what, gay dudes make up like 1% of the population, yet I as an average guy could make a Grindr profile and have a bunch of guys willing to fuck tonight.
Men wanting to fuck means shit.
robots offering relationships
I mean, these are bottom of the barrel guys.
Sure, women are pickier than men. 
But just because she doesn't want to date an ugly, retarded, smelly, misogynistic guy, doesn't mean she is chad-only.
Are you a virgin?
no
KHV?
noh
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
i look like a bug and im weird and unlikable and my life is a mess lol
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
idk probably not i dont know what im gonna do in the futuer
Are you a Kidology viewer?
i dont know what that is
Are you a virgin?
Yes
KHV?
Yes
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
Im fat
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
Nah, idc
Are you a Kidology viewer?
Who
The problem with Tinder is that it's only good for meeting single people. Finding people you actually have things in common with comes from events related to your hobbies. But thanks to feminists and people like the TikTok gym girl a lot of guys now worry that they'll come off as creepy if they approach IRL. A hot Stacey can get attention from men without trying, but for the ugly/frumpy type of woman your best chance at finding love is to go for the guy who has some weird hobby and who thinks a plain woman who shares his hobby is more valuable that a supermodel who doesn't.
god this is such a fucking dumb image
no amount of "positivity" can reshape your cheekbones, give you a chad jawline or make you 6'6"
So? Women can still get relationships that aren't hookups dozens of times easier than 90% of men. 
It's just that they exclusively chase Chads, who are only looking for hookups due to the sheer abundance of pussy being thrown their way. After all, if you're Chad and you have the option, why settle for one woman when you can have dozens on rotation at any given time? And then women project the behaviour of these Chads onto the men they'd never date to begin with - and then continue to exclusively date those same Chads.
Women CANNOT be incels. They cannot be involuntarily single, they specifically have to choose to be single. Look at how all the "femcels" here have men simping for them in the replies.
Seeth.webp
Have you tried not being lazy and actually tried talking to dudes? I know you've been here long enough to see people tell inselves that advice countless time so I don't know why you think it doesn't apply to you. Get off your ass and just go outside. The "touch grass" meme isn't a mean because most of you are only lonely because you were either too afraid of being comfortable or think you're too good for feeling uncomfortable (it's the letter 90% of the time because most of you are stuck up in some way shape or form). These threats are stupid because your issues are your own fault.
not a femcel but she's my favorite youtuber
All of you could easily find bf's on here or otherwise online. You will never be lonely. You will never be an incel or insin (involuntarily single).
There are plenty of guys here or otherwise online who'd date any fat ugly disgusting permaNEET who have jobs, aren't ugly, don't hate women, etc. None of these "people" are femcels lmfao.
Are you a virgin?
Yes and I'm 35. 
KHV?
Yup.
Why you believe you are unsuccessful with men
I've always been very ugly and never got hit on. I'm also very obese now and practically a hermit. 
Do you hold out hope for things getting better in the future?
No, realistically it's too late and I don't have the self-discipline to improve myself. 
Are you a Kidology viewer?
No idea what that is, probably some zoomer thing.
You really wasted your youth, but you definitely could still very easily get a bf online. You don't even need to be less than 400 lbs to get one.
Not her but how do you just talk to people IRL? Not being sarcastic. I'm going to two music festivals this year which robots claim is normie central (one for the fourth time) and maybe someone will compliment a band shirt but that's as far as the conversation usually goes.
Don't try IRL. There's no point. Online you'll realize you have countless options no matter how ugly you think you are.
Are you going to a festival alone? That's a stupid idea and potentially even extremely dangerous if you're a female. You need to make friends before you do that type of shit. Find social areas or something dude. If you're still in school you don't really have an excuse unless you have the driest personality on planet Earth.
No, it's fine. As long as you don't get drunk or do anything stupid, you should be fie.
What makes "options" superior to finding the community of people that you click with? If every robot woke up with Chad looks tomorrow I reckon at least 70% would still just go for the shy shut-in nerdy girl.
I would literally give my entire savings to watch you get blacked.
If every robot woke up with Chad looks tomorrow I reckon at least 70% would still just go for the shy shut-in nerdy girl.
Yeah and they'd get them pathetically in less than a day's time. If you're fine taking a while to find a person IRL, sobeit, but obviously you're not lonely at all.
i'd date you if you were skinny. how hard is it to stop eating...
Countless guys would date her if she's 400 lbs. You're not exactly her potential savior here lmfao.
ITT women would reather die alone then to day anything less the a chadlite
Well shit, it's over boyos
For men that can hear give up on love and romance. It will never happen now
Unless you are chad or have 100k job is basically over for the average man
The foids on here is but one of many points to this fact
All of you could easily find bf's on here or otherwise online. You will never be lonely. You will never be an incel or insin (involuntarily single).
Okay? Lol stop being pressed, you are not special just because you have a dick.
