Fembots, serious question: How do you dress and why?
Females at my uni are weird. They go around either in basically underwear or braless, like showing everyone their nipples braless. This is not a proper way to be clothed but whatever, I don't care, just want to know why. What is the appeal women see in showing their bodies?
idk i usually wear tights under a skirt and plain blouses untucked or sweaters with mary janes or oxfords. sometimes i feel like i try too hard to look professional and other people my age think im weird but at the same time i dont want to attract sexual attention and get blamed if i get raped in a back alley. but also men pay sexual attention to literally anything (even other men). at my school most of the girls wear a cropped shirt with high waisted pants or shorts so that about an inch or two of their stomachs are exposed. they also usually like athletic shoes or canvas shoes like vans or converse. i wear converse and sperrys if im going to be walking for a long time. choker necklaces and tech accessories like apple watches seem to be popular among zoomers as well. oh also leggings which are kind of like my hard line when it comes to modesty. i dont know if girls at my school can tell that the entire outline of their privates and butts are showing through the leggings or not but i feel second hand embarrassment. most of them dont even have nice bodies so i dont get the point.
I usually wear black t shirt and black jeans, sometimes I wear a jacket, usually a military themed jacket or raincoat. Sometimes a long, modest dress or blouse. I come from a somewhat modest family so that's probably why and my mom commonly slut shames random girls on the street.
that's so hot femblobs
Ime being braless is a comfort thing. If I didnt have prominent nipples I would go braless all the time. Cant say for the girls u see tho. Idk. The default outfit I wear is big tshirts that cover my butt and black leggings.
In the summer months I'm half-naked most of the time, just a bra and a pair of booty shorts usually. Picrel is an example. In the Winter I dress up a bit more, for practical purposes.
i wear a tshirt and the same sweatpants every day i guess
Yeah me too. I usually wear stuff like that casually. Here's a pic of me in my favorite outfit
girls rated from qt to uggo
qt:
1
4
3
8
7
6
uggo:
2
5
9
jodi is not ugly at all are you retarded
fat nosed roastie
some of the girls you said are cute have a fatter nose than her you must just be a pedophile lover that is angry she btfo that pedo travis
How do you dress 
Like a librarian, I don't wear pants and all my skirts/dresses go down to either my ankles or at least about halfway down my calves. Most clothes are brown, grey, or black.
and why?
Desperate attempt to avoid male gaze
You teach them from the day they are born that it is their sole value and that they are committing a wrongdoing if they deny you the right to see it. You also teach them that they are committing a wrongdoing by showing it, but since that creates a lose-lose situation where they are wrong no matter what they do, they take the option that at least earns some positive attention.
You then positively reinforce this behavior, so it continues for most.
i don't know any of these girls and i don't know who travis is
R9k is literal porn and misogyny you are bathed in male gaze. There's no reason for you to be here if you really value your untainted mind.
It's pretty easy to just hide and ignore threads.
Sexy af. You're such a dirty little slut. I'd bend you over the book cart and make you do such naughty librarian activities
It doesn't particularly matter, as I'm almost entirely hikkikomori. When I must go out, I'm fortunate to live in a cold climate, allowing me to wear large coats, hats, scarves and such, obscuring as much of myself as possible. I leave the house looking more like a pile of blankets than a person. When I remain home, I wear tank tops, jammies, sweatshirts and the like; I often underdress, mostly owing to the fact that my apartment is chilly, and I find the goosebumps pleasant.
Funny how all these women would have been life long incel chudjaks if they were born male
There is no such thing as the "male gaze",
the overwelming majority of men are completely powerless and basically slaves
That's not what male gaze is. Understanding the male gaze or seeing it exemplified is not the same as being personally subjected to it. Understanding it is why I avoid it as such.
There's some famous suffragette quote something along the lines of "women's state is all the more debasing because they do not realize it", which is how gaze works as well.
If you get raped in a back alley somebody will find a way to blame you no matter what. Not saying that you should dress to attract male sexual attention (no ew), but that the approval of others is a dumb thing lo look for. We just have to learn to not seek that
Do you think you would dress differently if your mother didn't slut shame people?
That being braless is more comfortable I know. Once I was alone in my room with a girl and she asked if she could take off her bra (no we didn't fuck I am a virgin). I understand being braless is something girls want to do but don't feel safe or comfortable enough to do very often.
Desperate attempt to avoid male gaze
Do you hate all male attention or just the sexual one?
I beg God for the wisdom to be able to teach my daughter that her body is not her sole value and that everybody has to gain the right to take anything hers
