Haven't killed myself yet. How old are you?
I really wanna kill myself, instead I will go out and get myself a cold coffee, then go back and finish my work. I hate my life, and I am jealous of everyone else.
The girl that I like doesn't like me back
My prospects in dating world are low, partly because of my looks, partly because there are barely any girls around who are not in a relationship
My online friends are busy today, but I wouldn't have been able to say this to them anyway
My irl friends are not, but I don't want to drive them away by complaining for the n-th time so here I am
i turn 19 in like a week is it over
Why do you need to kill yourself?
is it over in what sense? how is your life, and how are you?
Because I feel like life is shit, the people are bad and hypocrites, and it's all so difficult, that it doesn't seem worth the effort
It's not that I am never happy, I am probably not clinically depressed, and while I do feel like shit, the truth is I will probably not kill myself, but it hurts so much, and I face failiures so many times :(
29, turn 30 in a few months.
Feels good, honestly. I became a Christian, quit weed, quit fapping, started exercising and going for hikes.
The key is to follow Christ, not the world.
23
There's no hope left for me already
I do exercise, and I don't do drugs or alcohol
I can't become a christian though. I have tried, but I can't get myself to believe in god. I didn't try to quit fapping though, but I don't use porn anyway.
Why would you need to kill yourself at 20 ? Wait until 40 at the very least. Seriously your life is just getting started retard. Anyway good luck
why is there no hope for you?
I always thought i was going to die before 20/kill myself before 20. It didn't happen, i dropped that shit way of thinking about suicide every time something went wrong and that felt better, 25 going strong. Maybe i die before 30 idk, no big deal
How long does one need to work hard? Is it really worth it to suffer that long? Have you turned 40? I do get your point though, thanks
didn't try to quit fapping
can't get myself to believe in God
yes because masturbating is living in sin, and when we are deep in sin we can't sense God.
If you want to sense God, live in accordance with Him. Quitting fapping is one of the most important steps to spiritual rebirth
I didn't try to quit fapping though, but I don't use porn anyway.
I've read this a few times. How do you fap without porn? Just use your imagination? Memory faps?
I'm not even sure I could get hard without external stimulus.
That's good to hear that you longer think about it, I hope you don't die before 30. I will try to get out of this shit habit too then.
I don't know, I just get hard almost everyday. I use my imagination and memory fap.
Still a kissless virgin AND balding too, not fun ngl
I am still a virgin, and I made out only a few months ago, so for half of the time i was 19 i was a kissless virgin too
I can't relate with balding at the moment, but it will hit me in a few years as I think my family balds early, although I am not that worried about being bald. Do you think you'd look particularly bad without your hair?
NTA, but I got my first kiss when I was 24 and lost my virginity when I was 26. There's still time for you.
You've probably heard it a thousand times, but getting out there is the best way to go about it. The girl I kissed I met through a friend and the girl I lost my V to I met through travelling.
Hope it works out for you, Anon.
