WE LUV EMPATHCHAN
what a whore lol
I hope she is more active on Twitter soon
no we don't, she's ugly as fuck, a pedo who sends porn to kids and talks about wanting to have sex with family members animals.
she's in .gg/eharem right now
Lmao look at her fat fucking face
This is her server 
.gg/UquCERQq
WE DONT LOVE EMPATHCHAN. 
proof is no empath post reaches double digits engagement. and the scarce comments are robots calling her ugly and pathetic.
inb4 somebody replies: it's definitely empathchan herself since she selfposts
unironic goddess i am THTOBING rn fr
Looks like a fat witch tranny jew
Empath doesnt give a shit about this dead board and broke niggas, stop shilling her to these losers for brownie points
why do you dumb fucks think saying the same old things to her is going to effect her at all
you are ugly lol
Your vagina is really attractive.
Im saving my bussy for empath, sorry gaybro
someone should found out where it lives and kill it
jokes on you, she actually wants to get bianca'd
Eh shes alright I guess
not until i throw acid on its face and it is forced to live a terrible life with a melted off face and nobody wants to look it in the eyes not even horny homeless fucks
jesus fuck what happened so fucking ugly then again when something is truly ugly on the inside it will show on the outside eventually
tell me youre brown without telling me youre brown
what a retard i am a white female i just have a strong desire for the death of all attention whores god i want them to be eradicated from this fucking planet or at least accept that they are scum and go sell their used up holes in the alleyway in exchange for meth
you sound kinda hot, wanna make out?
wouldn't make a difference since her face already looks melted off lmao
no my boyfriend would probably shoot you and then me and then himself
im telling you a guy like that doesnt deserve you sweetie, you should reconsider my offer. you see honestly empath is a lil too mentally insane for me and a slightly more well adjusted girl like you would just be perfect for what im looking for.
i appreciate the offer and am flattered you are not calling me a larping schizo tranny or something but unfortunately i do prefer my current relationship that has guaranteed love and affection and also this is kinda my first real irl relationship uhh and i dont really wanna fuck this up
then eat shit and die dumb whore
i see, understandable, good luck then, but remember we always keep it a secret between us two.
you tell her
you know i have tried both but the suicide attempt was unsuccessful and scat is too bitter maybe next time itll work out nicer
Cream is my fembot QUEEN
yea i hope so when u try it again make sure to livestream it alr
you know life isnt so bad now that i have friends and a romantic relationship you should try it sometime anon
and who said my life's bad schizo? ik ur life is awesome when we are both posting on 4chan right
Actual goddess
I fapped to this pic
samefaggen selfbumplich
