Have you ever gone to the cinema alone, /r9k/? What are your thoughts on adult men who go to the cinema alone? What have your experiences been like going alone to the cinema?
(not me in the pic obv)
no and i have not been in years
it is a foreign concept to me
i am so behind in the culture
Yeah, I watched Pacific Rim 2 alone. Biggest mistake in my media consumption. I guess I had some nachos while watching that pile of shit so it wasn't all bad. After that one I watched Weathering with You on my own since my parents aren't weebs. Ever since, I had company.
I'm the only sperg that has ever gone to the cinema unaccompanied in the story of cinema in this location, so I can't have thoughts on other adult men going alone because they don't exist.
Like it was ok I guess, I'm a sperg so I didn't notice whether anyone was pointing at me and laughing at me, but cinema is an inherenty solitary hobby so I don't get how the no singles policy became a thing.
Yes, I went twice alone. It makes me feel a little sad because I see others enjoy and have fun with their friends or partner. It makes me think that I will never share moments like that with anyone in my life.
In the end it doesn't matter, I went to see a movie.
Venom 2 was a massive piece of shit and super mario is meh
You went alone to see Super Mario lol? Thats funny because thats what the dude in OP pic is watching alone
Yep, why not? I love to go alone, especially if its a movie i like. Lately, i havent since i dont like the movies
I've been going alone for years. I prefer to go on my own, but it is a bit shitty when there's no one to talk to afterwards.
bald! bald cracker!
Have you ever gone to the cinema alone, /r9k/?
No.
What are your thoughts on adult men who go to the cinema alone?
Idiots giving their money to jews.
What have your experiences been like going alone to the cinema?
Overpriced tickets, overpriced food, sticky floors, foul odors, shitty views, bad colors, usually inferior audio quality, annoyingly loud humanoids who are coincidentally nonwhite talking over films and laughing amongst each other.
I've gone to the movie theater alone several times. I think it's perfectly fine. No one gives a shit. I go and watch the movie then go home. I don't know why some of you think people are gonna point and jeer at you and the employees will announce over the loudspeaker "HEY THIS GUY IS ALONE". a few of the times ive gone alone ive seen other people there also alone. Interestingly it's always men. I guess women are too brainwashed by society to think it's ok to go somewhere by yourself
can the jannies rangeban this nigger at some point
The Eternal Samuel
This dude looks utterly destroyed like his soul left his body 10 years ago kek
Hes also the one posting all the racebait but tranny jannies never ban him
Nah. Samuel isn't a racebaiter. I talk to him on Discord.
thats what being scottish and jerking off to blacked for a decade does to a mf
Sure thing Samuel. Sure thing.
Another Anglo cuck. Sad.
nigga looks like an off brand Bill Burr
Have you ever gone to the cinema alone, /r9k/?
Most of the time I've ever went, I went by myself. If I had to guess I'd say 75-80% of the time I go by myself
What are your thoughts on adult men who go to the cinema alone
They're fine
What have your experiences been like going alone to the cinema?
Once while watching a horror movie a woman in her mid-late 30s asked if I wanred to sit with her bf/husband and kids
Yep. Funnily he is also a Rangers fan proddy and the dude who starts sperging uncontrollably and starts spamming 100 posts when you say Scots and Irish are anything but Anglo. I remember talking to that dude and him saying he was from Glasgow too. The eternal Anglo. The eternal Samuel. 
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71460910/#71466948
I speak to him on Discord. He only seems interested in American sports. He supports Vegas teams.
More of his seething. Hes a die hard Anglo loyalist living in Glasgow who sucks off Charles. 
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71964781
Took a quick look through his posts. All seems pretty normal and is backed by a lot of genetic data. Have you ever actually tried reading the stuff he says? I am Russian and that is basically exactly how we view you.
Kek, fuck off Sammy.
You posted this yesterday. When will you get a fucking life?
Once Samuel said he was going to report me to Strathclyde police for making racial insults online.
its the same with everything. If yoire good looking people will appreciate your cinephile hobby, admire your independent sigma personality etc.
If your ugly youre a dangerous creep
Didnt your own supposed nationalist party literally just create severely restrictive hatespeech laws a few years ago? I remember the threads on pol. Cant you unironically go to prison for making racist comments online? I remember a news article about some incel from Scotland who racially abused a black footballer online and went to jail for both that and the CP they found on his phone when they searched it. Kinda ironic isnt it?
So basically you are just going to ignore all the genetic data and reality of the situation and continue on with your own false belief fantasy identity that makes no sense and has no coherence. Basically like a transgender. Scottishness is a transnationality. A transidentity,
Samuel took the bait
Kek. It really is you.
he fell for it
Every time. Oh Sammy. Do play a bit harder to get. This is why the Dutch girl ghosted you. Youre too easy.
Nigerians 
Samuel BBC poster confirmed.
If you ever want to bait Samuel, just say Scots are Celts and he lunges out of his sad little dark hole like a hideous moray eel.
this poor bastard looks like he's gonna cry
Anyone would cry if they spent 20 hours a day on this board posting racebait and essays on haplogroups. He must be the saddest individual on this site.
So you've also physically threatened people with violence and stabbings? In addition to racist hatespeech. Your "nationalist" party is not going to be very happy with you, are they. 
Why are you so obsessed with pretending to be Scottish? What does it actually do for you. If you spent half as much time actually trying to improve yourself and grow as a person and develop skills you wouldn't have ended up one of those emaciated runts he talks about that speaks like a retard and has an 80 IQ.
Celts
Pretty sure everyone is aware by now the Celtic thing is some fringe LARP joke. It's just ignored by academics by this point. They define Celtic people exclusively as those who spoke or speak Proto-Celtic or languages descended from it. 
But yeah keep obsessively hounding Samuel and posting in his threads and trying to 'bait' him so that he spreads this self-evident truth to more and more people. That will certainly help your ethnoLARP's validity in the eyes of the world when they are repeatedly shown genetic evidence which utterly destroys it. 
If that dude is sad, I don't know what that says about the anon that stalks him and posts in every single thread he makes. Do you.
someone living a sad life isn't immoral. if you were trying to "convert" me to your side, you have failed. i feel more bad for the poor bastard than anything.
I've lived in Glasgow and I can pretty much confirm this is true. The 'locals' are absolutely pathetic and are completely dominated in every measurable field by immigrants. Not only physically, but they speak English more eloquently, they're more intelligent, they are more attractive and they are somehow higher skilled.
Kek, I told you everyone. Samuel is always lurking.
Two things can be true at once. This dude can be sad and have no life and what he's saying can still be 100% accurate (it is). And the other anon who stalks him and posts in every single one of his threads and collects screenshots of his comments as if any other anon on this site gives an infinitesimal shit about it is objectively sadder and more pathetic.
Two things can be true at once
spread the word
not allowed to go to the kinoplex alone where i live
Again you're announcing this as if ANYONE but you cares. I have never seen a single person respond to your comments or 'revelations' other than some American guy on /sp/ who called you more pathetic than this Samuel was. Why exactly do you think anyone cares if it's Samuel or not? Seriously? You're like some braindamaged toddler or something. What is this 'epic pwn' you seem to be perceiving here?
A prankster has been banned from AMC Theatres for posting a fake flyer claiming that Joker screenings have a "No Singles Allowed" policy. It's a joke that's almost believable, considering the heightened concerns around the release of the movie.Oct 11, 2019
https://screenrant.com/joker-amc-theaters-ban-no-singles-policy-prank/#:~:text=Singles%20Allowed'%20policy.-,A%20prankster%20has%20been%20banned%20from%20AMC%20Theatres%20for%20posting,the%20release%20of%20the%20movie.
Keep seething Samuel, go flood the board with some more interracial porn in anger.
Meanwhile you will die English, with English inscribed upon your tomb. Every written word you have typed in your life has been in English. Anything of note which you produce (you won't but hypothetically) which stands the test of time will be remembered as English legacy. As English art. As English literature. Brutal.
tfw have to order taco bell in english
i suffer in the first world
This, I don't go anymore because unless it's worth seeing in 3D IMAX it's not worth paying for but going to movies alone is nothing. You're not there to chat and socialize you're there to stfu and watch a film. It doesn't take a group to do.
vitamin and nutrient starved due to atrocious diet
This explains everything. Do you know how much of an effect on the brain that kind of diet has longterm? Probably suffering from dehydration regularly as well.
This explains everything.
not really. 
I'm suffering from dehydration regularly.
that sucks, anon. make sure you drink plenty of water
Going to the kinema alone is based.
I don't know why some of you think people are gonna point and jeer at you and the employees will announce over the loudspeaker "HEY THIS GUY IS ALONE".
This happened to me.
another one? i'll be pleased to put it in my folder.
Yeah I went to see Deadpool by myself at the cinema.
Weird experience, the movie was enjoyable enough but there is a feeling of unease that doesn't go away until the lights fully dim.
Browncel here. Went to the cinema alone to watch Mr glass (dogshit movie btw) when I was 24-25 and was made fun of by white people sitting behind me. 
Fucking hate white( Anglos specifically, Slavs and meds can be cool) people so much.
How big is your folder? May I see a screenshot of it? I want to see if I have missed any rare Samuelkinos.
alright conehead!? 
definitely not you is it ;)
Yeah I detest white people too. I'm white myself (Anglo to boot) and honestly whites are just subhumans. Every single problem in my life has been caused by whites. Every case of bullying has come at the hands of other whites. I'll be glad to see them driven to extinction in the course of my lifetime. 
To the Browning of the White Race!
another one? i'll be pleased to put it in my folder.
Best post ITT
He needs to post a screenshot of that folder though.
Kino thread. Kinocel.
I have only gone to the cinema, gigs, festivals, ... alone for the past 10yr. I'm 31
Looks like a comfy night for the baldcel. Hope he had fun.
They really like movies?
i'm so tired of seeing this ugly faggot posted everywhere
He is quite attractive.
He is looks like a grown man.
7/10
what is with you retards
if the movie is good then i will GO by myself, because i do not want to deal with the communication and emotional logistics of dealing with other people. if the movie is not niche or specific then i will invite others with no expectation or hope at all. the key problem is whether or not movies hold my interest or not, which none of them currently do. the last time i went by myself was the Great War by Peter Jackson. every other movie that has been released recently SUCKS so i just pirate them. the fact that you're desperate for social validation to even movies proves to me you're either a woman or a failed normie subscribing to woman behaviors. if that is the case, gtfo of this board.
I go to movies alone all the time. I crack a joke at the chick who gives me my popcorn (she doesn't laugh), then sit in the perfect seats all the way in the back, and enjoy myself. No one gives a fuck so why should I?
I just pirate them and watch them while being comfy in my own house.
Imagine unironically:
Getting up
Getting dressed
Going outside
Coming back home
Having to shower and go back to bed.
Cringe
I have, at least 5 times. I go when I am fasting to keep my mind off hunger. Not that I would care, but I would usually go on weeknights after work so there wasn't many people. It is so dark in the theatre that no one will even notice you. Also, watching movies is inherently NOT a social activity. You are meant to stay quiet and not interact while watching, so why would it matter if you are alone.
I saw 2049 and Top Gun Maverick alone
Both times I had a voucher so they were free to watch
Cinemas are literally only useful as a social tool, so no. 
If I want to watch a movie alone I'll stay home in my boxers and with my tendies.
