Are cart cucks the biggest faggots on the planet? 
You're literally simping for a billion dollar company that doesn't give a single fuck about you. You're wasting hours of your life worrying about the profit margins of ultra-wealthy businessman, constantly browbeating other people who have better shit to do because they aren't making life easy for fucking WAL MART. What kind of corporate cock sucking moron are you? Can you jump off a cliff? Better yet, donate your body to fucking wal mart. Do an internship as a bagger so you can give the Wal Mart CEO a better life. 
Kill all cart cucks
I don't care about the big corporation, I've just worked minimum wage jobs before and it sucked when I had to do something that would've taken the other person like half a second to not do
minimum wagecucks are even worse than billionaires.
The reality
You're fucking over the little guy.
It inconveinces other shoppers.
Oh no, a fucking employee has to do his job. The JOB he gets paid for. WOW! Horrifying! I don't give a fuck. wealthy kikes LOVE cart cucks because if everyone's a cart cuck they don't have to hire people to work. Next on the line of cart cucks is being a bag cuck, a stocker cock, and soon we're all doing free labor, stocking the shelves at fucking wal mart because it's "rude" not giving free labor to a FUCKING MULTI BILLION FORTUNE 500 COMPANY. HOLY SHIT
DIE
KILL ALL Cart Cucks!!!
That's right, we'll show those capitalist scum one cart at a time
Its always men who are capitalist scum too. Women need to sieze the means of reproduction back from the oppressive capitalist male class. I wouldnt be surprised if carts were invented by evil men.
How do you feel about the YouTube channel cart narks? You and him could get along
The problem with leaving your cart out is you risk it strolling away and scratching peoples cars that's why it's an asshole thing to do
If you consider moving a shopping cart like 1 minute away "free labor" then you must not go outside much at all huh
One of the few simple pleasures remaining in this life is run-riding your cart to your car as fast as you can, and then once you unload, punting it into the cart bay with maximum force.
If its a white persons car then they deserve it.
its called being white
originally
That's right cart cuck. I DO NOT WORK FOR FREE. Repeat. I DO NOT WORK FOR FREE. Wal mart WILL pay to move the cart 1 fucking inch if they have to. I will not make Wal mart's life easier. 
Eat shit
Absolutely this. These assholes think carts matter more than black lives. Fuck racist ass Walmart pricks
haven't watched it but I assume it's some guy harassing people about leaving their carts out. Why not just work for free for wal mart? Work there, and when you get your paycheck just give it back to wal mart. 
Cart cucks are the ultimate and final form of the wagecuck. They literally defend the honor of a billion dollar company the same way a simp defends the honor of a crack whore. To a cart cuck, a poor homeless guy leaving his cart out is hurting the poor jewish billionaire who owns wal mart. In the future wagecucks will line up to work for free and then thank the boss man for the opportunity to do free labor. LMAO! I really have to laugh at these people. Total slaves to the core
Today I will remind them.
That this is unoriginal.
Daily reminder, stocking the shelves at your local wal mart is the ultimate litmus test of a society. It costs nothing. It's just stocking the shelves. You won't be punished if you don't do it. It's objectively correct to increase wal mart's profit margins. What are you, uncivilized?
Chad here
I return my cart at the lineup outside the store and strong arm every single grocery bag in one arm and use the other arm to grip your girlfriends ass.
Based. Cartcucks aka white people are so fucking braindead. I hate whites like you wouldnt believe. They want to stock shelves for free but cant even give us a house.
yawwwn, keep calling yourself a Chad cart cuck
The absolute state of amerimutts. No wonder their society is doomed and fucked.
its not for the corporation, its for the underpaid and overworked employees
Why the fuck is that my problem? Are you gonna hand over your paycheck to me when I do all your work? nah, you won't do shit. Fuck off cart cuck
i didn't mind pushing carts when i was younger. the only thing was the rain and cold.
To be completely honest, I never thought about it that way. It's more that I just thought it was the decent thing to do and I don't want to contribute to the place looking like a /pol/ meme about Americans
I literally cannot imagine being as retarded as you, OP.
Daily Reminder. Whether you cart cuck or not wal mart is going to increase its prices. It will continue to lobby for special privileges. It will continue to do whatever it takes to survive. It's a totally, 100% selfish entity. You should treat it as such. wal mart isn't your friend. Wal mart is a business.
yep, i'm home
NOT WORKING FOR FREE
EAT
S
H
I
T
you dont work at all lardass
If it's not that big of a deal and takes two seconds why does it make you seethe so much? Genuinely asking but does your boss dock your pay or something if the ketchup is in the toy section?
Indeed! You must have sensed my patrician aura! Kneel cart cuck!
You're simply not adding to their work. Usually they are responsible for returning carts to the store from the lot. Instead they have to go around picking up after you. 
By your logic wouldn't littering be fine?
Come back when you finally accept that Black Lives Matter. Until then, not moving that cart for free
Ok, rich boy.
at the risk of getting shit on my by everyone itt i'll chime in as a walmart cartcuck myself...
the truth (at-least as my store) is that there is no official cart-pusher position. when a customer complains about the parking lot being filled with carts they'll grab someone from either front-end or ogp to go and push carts. you might think we hate having to do that but its actually the opposite: we love it. not only do you get to go outside and get some fresh air, but you can get away from the nagging customers for a bit. you can also dick around with your phone and listen to music while you do it because the managers dgaf.
i put my cart back because i feel bad for the wagie who has to wrangle them back up
you don't put carts away to help Walmart make money. You put them away so they don't roll around and dent other people's vehicles. 
That's why I always turn my shopping cart upside down when I'm done. It's a major inconvenience for the store but there's no chance of it damaging someone's car.
Imagine seething over wether or not people put a fucking shopping cart back
Kek
Might as well stop flushing the toilets at McDonald's whenever your fat ass clogs them so a wagie has to scoop it out by hand and you can really show those big shot ceos who has the power here
its not duty for walmart, its moving it out of my way as I leave with all the groceries in my hand or I hand it off to a woman and say: "Here you go beautiful." If I wanted to cause walmart problems, it would be by causing an accident after I see you be a nigger with your cart and I grab it or another nearby one and place it behind your car and you wreck your shit into it and then angrily go inside to sue walmart for leaving their parking lot poorly attended and they tell you its your own fault and you leave angrily seething while im already at your house eating a sandwich that your mom made for me after I pumped her full of multiple loads of virile semen.
I don't think it's about the multi-billion dollar company, my guy.
Absolutely based. I also like to fuck over people who want to park in my primo parking spot so I will leave it in front of my car or a parking spot next to it, because other faggots do it to me. Dont blame me for being asshole, blame the world for making me one.
Never thought I would agree with Walmart.
Actual wagecuck BTFOs all cart cucks.
When you leave a cart behind you're not inconveniencing a billion dollar company, you're giving the minimum wage worker extra responsibility.
Wagecucks like putting the cart back >>73157748
Walmart is a racist company and you won't get me to work for free.
way to put yourself as a retard, op. It's already been pointed out but we do it for the other shoppers and the low tier employees, it doesn't affect the overall business at all. 
real chads will recognize it's okay to steal at the self-checkout because of the reasons you stated, but still go out of their way to help others in their community. that's a real test of morality.
This is correct, and honestly, I've worked at walmart and loved getting a break from what I was doing to go collect carts in the parking lot. It never bothered me at all that people left them out there. I would have much rather spent all day out there collecting carts than pretty much anything else they asked me to do.
So... Is this about the mega corporation ir the min wage employee now? It sounds like it doesnt matter, you just rage at anyone who would seek to make you responsible for your anti social behavior.
Not that guy but it's two seconds for one person leaving their cart. For the guy collecting all the carts all over a car park it's a much longer exercise.
You have only yourself to blame. You created a scummy society that oppresses women and people of color, and now you get to be a cart cuck
What you communist retards don't understand is that the outcome of all the shoplifting and hatred of businesses is just that areas become unliveable. Walmart has already moved out of places like Portland and Chicago and the people complained about not having anywhere to go for groceries. Turns out you can't have any real functional society when criminal retards are protected by the government they hate instead of shot on sight like they deserve.
We can make our own groceries you turd. Black Lives Matter simple a-s, no justice no peace
0/10 bait I'm not new enough to fall for this try again
lot of lazybones in this itt
Leaving a cart out anywhere doesn't hurt the company or its profit margins, it's just being messy for no reason other than that you're lazy. Even if we were to assume you had a point, it would still be meaningless because whatever great loss they took from spending all that money hiring elite teams of cart reclaimers they would make it back by hiking prices anyway. You do not understand how the world works. Clean your room.
What is it about no justice, no peace that makes normies seethe?
I worked minimum wage jobs and I liked when people left their carts out because it gave me something to do.
Maybe next time just do the job you signed up for and shut up.
Another cultured man I see
When I pushed carts at 19, the existence of stray carts did not 'free' us from our other tasks, which were numerous. We were expected to keep the cart corrals as well as the cart-area in the entrance, full and tidy in the 'down time' between other tasks. There was no down time between other tasks on a busy day during peak hours, you just had to half ass everything and literally run from one end of the store to the other to the parking lot and back again just to barely complete your tasks.
This. It's simply an opinion about whether someone is capable of self governing.
retard nigger alert
NO JUSTICE, NO PEACE. Cartcucks seethe and cope while defending their racist billion dollar institutions. What did your local store do for womens rights? Nothing? Then why do you expect us to work for free??
i would like to repeat my post
You cant because no exact reposts allowed on r9k and you are a seething racist cartcuck. I will keep making these threads until there is justice
they only hire weirdos and outcasts as the cart people 
so by helping them you are helping a fellow robot
I move the shopping cart but this is just ridiculous. Shopping carts are the least of their problems
They are just latching onto something and attaching unnecessary importance to it. They have cart wranglers for a reason. Also, there isn't anybody harmed from not returning a cart. It doesn't matter to anybody. I return my cart every time but I REALLY, really hate it when I am at aldi and some boomer faggot tries to offer me a quarter for my cart. It's usually when I am already 4 feet from the cart corral. As a woman it feels like they are just trying to force an interaction with me. They are saving neither me NOR THEM time by halting my brisk pace and interrupting me for my cart. I loathe the interaction. It's the worst part about aldi and it's the main reason I try not to use a cart there.
Wal-mart has about twice the employees that the Costco has around me. Wal-mart employees are lazy but there are enough of them to run the store. Costco seems to think that you don't need employees because it's just customers and no employees except by the registers.
I was at costco and some wagie ran up to me and screeched that i couldn't buy just one pack of muffins I had to buy two. I was like uhh ok? Then he took the muffins from my cart and left
May just maybe, you shouldn't leave a cart in out the parking lot because it will take up a parking spot, create an obstacle you have to drive around or worse roll off and damage someone's vehicle
