Those of us Autistics out there should normalize making neurotypicals feel uncomfortable at every chance we can legally get away with it. Neurotypicals have socially ostracized us for not fitting their "norms" for years. So, why not make them feel demoralized by simply not following their social norms to show they can't enforce jack shit on us in regards to these stupid inferior normie social rules. Also, we should invite ourselves to neurotypical frat parties (by pressuring them with social justice stuff like, for example, "if you don't invite me, then you're ableist, racist, etc." Basically, any way you can bully them into letting you go to their social gatherings) and other such events where we are not welcome to, once again, show that they cannot make us do anything and that we are going to take from them instead whatever social benefits, popularity, and whatnot we want. Now, once again... only do this in ways you can legally get away with. I do not endorse doing anything that can actually get you arrested. All you need is the knowhow to manipulate people through verbal and institutional means to get your way with neurotypical filth. Coming from someone who has actually done such stuff before many times lmao. You don't have to be a social outcast forever. Take the social life you want from the people who denied you of such a social life. You'd be surprised how far you can get with that sort of thing purely through manipulating people.
One more thing, if mods ban me for posting this, then all I gotta say to the mods is fuck your neurotypical asses and especially fuck your social boundaries.
Not reading your atypical bullshit rant
Okay neurotypical faggot. Didn't ask.
Trust me there's nothing more annoying and uncomfortable than dealing with some aspie fuck in day to day to life. Your existence alone is plenty bad you don't need to expend any effort to be obnoxious. Why don't you fuckers ever close your mouths when you chew
Normal social boundaries are meant to be violated anyways.
I wish they would legalize my sexuality
I feel like I'm under the thumb of satan
I think legal rape would be good as well, I'm sorry, I not quite right
You should be a good victim and take our quircks without questioning it and then thank us for it. Annoyed? Too bad. We will punish your neurotypical kind for considering us "annoying" through whatever means we can legally get away with.
Why do you capitalize autismos? We're not an ethnicity or nationality.
That's fine I go out of my way to get you literal retards out of my store as fast as possible and you never get any "accidental" free socks. Sometimes the music changes volume randomly too when you're in here isn't that weird? Well have a great day and please pull your pants up before you trip, Scooter :)
To me we are a group, and a superior one to neurotypicals. Violate neurotypical boundaries everyday.
Can you get arrested in the West for groaning loudly while touching your junk while staring at a girl? I think you can but I was feeling like a cuck for not doing it in public yesterday.
So, who's gonna stop us from doing that to neurotypical faggots like you instead? 
Also... where is your store?
Where's your store normie faggot
Why are you going to get your mom to drive you here? I'm thinking of having a big Summer sale when's the worst time for you? I know you don't have jobs or a regular sleeping schedule. Maybe I'll just put in some flashing lights around the windows and door lol. Ooh, and maybe a beaded curtain over the doorway? That would be fun.
You really think flashes lights and beads would stop us from visiting a store? Lmao you don't know anything about us.
But legit tho, it's laughable that you brag about running this store but are too much of a fuckin coward to advertise where we can shop at this fine establishment. Wouldn't you want to advertise it or something? Or are you just another cowardly neurotypical like the rest of them.
yeah we know
Nah, we're just sick of being socially rejected by normies.
BTW, where do you work? OwO
Another sociopathic "autism" cultist hailing from the cult off radical psychology, fuck off and take your meds you stupid junky
Or maybe just stop socially rejecting us.
Advertising on r9k huh? Gee what could go wrong? LOL!
Let me clear a few things up for you. Many moons ago I did time behind a counter. Let me assure you: Yes, we do talk about you after you leave. Yes, we do imitate your bizarre fucking facial tics. Yes, we do thpeak with a lithp for a bit after you're gone and laugh about it. Yes, when you leave the store and the cashier bursts out laughing it is because you tried to impress her by buying a box of magnums. No, you do not ever fit in. Good times back in the day.
I never rejected you. You are evil to completely innocent strangers because that's just what autism does. Autistic people are evil.
Use your R word pass to assert dominance on the rhetorical terrain
Stories?
You can't make a soulless husk feel anything, anon.
Autism is like a weird power level revealing disease. You're like Gohan at the Buu Tournament, ready to be plucked and sucked to help Buu live again.
These "neurotypicals" are the Spopoviches of the building.
This is actually a good idea excluding the bootlicking. I do think that we should actually take their lives though. You can win a gunfight against the pigs if you are good enough of a shot.
I don't have space in my social circle for anyone who invests their personal identity into pseudoscience, not sorry. Go socialize with a psychiatrist if that's your thing.
Stop pussyfooting around and JUST! FUCKING! KILL THEM!
We have done it before and WILL do it again. Many many more times. 
They deserve to die for what they force us to suffer.
Just remembered, if you're a real basket case you might even become a little meme. Back when I was still doing monkey work we had a semi-regular come into our grocery store to buy magazines (???). He had this weird hair cut where one side of his head was buzzed and the other was spiky cos early 90s. For some reason one of the girls started calling him Sonic. Some of us would celebrate sightings of this majestic halfwit yeti by going to the local Sonic burger joint after work. Thanks for reminding me of that. Better days, man.
Fuck no, death is going way too far bro. Ffs, pls no.
Calm down big boy
You don't need to stoop to the low of a terrorist to make a change. Like, wtf?
I agree with this and it's basically how I live my life but you have to appear strong and be dangerous and have your ability to be dangerous be apparent in the way that you move.
That way all normalshits can do is giggle and laugh and make a bunch of noise when they're in a group to try to feel like they have some sense of power.
I don't condone terrorists. I was trying to promote social manipulation to end social ostracism. Physical violence is never the answer for social change.
just bring your girlfriend everywhere with you, that way they can't call you a virgin randomly to your face.
You don't look intimidating when you slink around like a video game character. You look fucking retarded. At best you are 'scary' in a Lenny petting the bunnies kind of way.
You clearly have no understanding of history if you say this. Do you think slavery was ended by thoughts and prayers? No of course not. It was ended by brave men killing those who enslaved others. We can do the same thing with frat boys. Remember, they do not hesitate to kill us directly and indirectly.
slavery was caused by autistic white men.
I think you misspelled Jewish men.
I'm all for it bros
Even if that pol meme were true you can't have a market without buyers.
Normie gaslighting in action
Dont let them get into your head autismobros
no its true. autists have zero empathy and see humans as cattle. everything bad in history was likely caused by autists
Statistical games like these are bullshit.
Are we talking 0.1%>0.6% or 10%>60%?
Wtf autists stood at the top of human society ordering normies around?
Based
Lol good job op, reminds me of /snitch/ threads from back in the day which also hd normies going balistic, or the night stalking threads to make foids seeth
yes. autism is not a disability its a superpower. there is a good reason why most autistic men become trans women.
