https://voca.ro/1aT3lc7r2t1v
https://voca.ro/1oD3xMGRHkxU
Maybe you should stop trying to mimic that which you will never be? Accept what you are.
funny anon thats funny NOW HELP ME
I would strangle you til you lost consciousness
You're not a woman, you're a man. Be as feminine a man as you want, but you might as well ask us how to better become a squirrel. You can't. The good news is that's ok. Be you.
Stfu no one cares
Your voice sounds good enough to troll people on vrchat by speaking like a girl but then showing them your deep man voice and then acting like a girl again and they will be like "you got a voice changer?" "Wtf bro"
Idk just no one cares, if you look like a woman then just don't speak and talk in sign language
I mean, you sound pretty good for a tranny. You should count your blessings, you could sound much worse. You don't sound really annoying like most trannies. Honestly, I'm not sure why modern psychiatrists recommend this gender affirming care shit or whatever. You should try to accept who you are and the things you cannot change, instead of struggling against them.
well thanks i guess
thanks cool
https://voca.ro/1bbRfQgT4TVi
That's a nice bussy queef you got right there
well thanks i guess
Just telling it like it is, anon. You should probably not come here so much, I don't think it's doing you any good.
https://voca.ro/17Yo5ztKT1ng
it sounds great, everyone saying it doesn't has never spoken with a woman anyway
why do you want to sound like a woman faggot
Why not? You try it, its fun
location? your sissy voice makes me want to dominate your ass
your sissy voice
ew. hang yourself.
ok
why do you want to sound like a woman faggot
because i do
you would have more fun playing with bros and eventually girls and being yourself, making friends for real than pretending to be girl for the quick excitement
you are a little sissified faggot
post asspussy
Idk even if I was transphobic I would say you sound like a woman to me
Sophie lives in New England and is very wealthy and you might wanna take that back once you find out what this monster looks like
https://voca.ro/18Fe4KzT9gZ1
I aint about that life homie
not clicking that shit niggot
but I am right and you are wrong anyways
Wait, you're not the same tranny as OP? There are 2 of them? How did that happen, they can't reproduce
https://voca.ro/1jInescKlZ0L
end part of your second voca was where you sounded the best, i think because you were relaxing a little?
shut the fuck up r0astie
i dont watch any videos :| i just sound lke that
so basiclaly youre saying my voice DOES NOT PASS. 
and yeah i dont use my voice ever. i use my guy voice 100% of the time outside of the vocaroos
i would not be as upset about this as you
WHY. IVE BEEN VOIEC TRAINING FOR TWO FUCKING YEARS AND MY VOICE IS STILL SHIT
why the fuck would i be happy about it
https://voca.ro/1kgWHTZguHfT
https://voca.ro/1eR6t96tEdfg
girliepop chill out you sound better than 90% of trannies and with pretty minimal changes your voice would pass. probably the fact you dont use it much is contributing to it sounding so tense and tight in the vocaroo, which was 90% of what sounded off. god, this is what i get for trying to be nice and give genuine advice
That was hot, moar?
SO MY VOIICE DOESNT PASS. is what youre saying
I FUCKING HATE THIS SHIT
IVE BEEN DOING IT FOR TWO FUCKING YEARS AND IT STILL SOUNDS LIKE SHIT 
i cant fucking take this anymore im gonna actually lose my fucking mind
ACKKK yourself mentally ill freak
https://voca.ro/11vSLBLYh5Qr
https://voca.ro/18gq1Noo0h4j
https://voca.ro/1aiNgWqPEQYI
https://voca.ro/13fHUPeKFVVa
heres more of my voice :(
https://voca.ro/1dmClXVLkPa8
No way you actually watched it, thats so cool TTATT &lt;3
that shit passes.
Maybe use an AI voice changer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nb3R30b-uhc [Embed]
https://voca.ro/13wFtQNCMsEG
I told you in one of your previous threads you will never find a solution to any problems you have like this. You need to get off the internet, do something valuable in your life, SEEK, by which I do not mean come to 4chan and spam your voice larping like you are trying to fix something for eternity (a habit which by the way will probably make you lose all sincerity and the ability to even honestly try to find solutions). Assuming you really do have any issues you seek to fix. 
Seriously stop it for your own sake.
stop saying like, retard. Also you would have fooled me, sounds like a woman's. Not every girl sounds screechy moe.
Also OP, something I should mention, there may not always be someone there to help you in any way, and really, ultimately only you can help yourself, it's incredibly easy to go right back to bad habits and things you shouldn't do even when reminded you shouldn't, I have been there, but hold fast, it is incredibly important and it is easy to become lost. 
Best wishes, a channel which by the way has helped me and maybe can help you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyxGv40IZmU [Embed]
Im laughing like an idiot rn so cute
But anyway, Id love to hear your thoughts, its my second favorite of this genre (Wodzirej is first), Im so happy you didnt get bored during watching TvT a lot of my friends did and I felt so bad lmfao
your voice actually passes quite well, i know lots of cis girls with deeper voices AND you've already mastered the trick of putting your voice higher in your throat which gives it a feminine register.
being completely honest as someone with trans partners, I wouldn't be able to clock you on voice alone
anyway the reason YOU don't think you pass is vocal dysphoria, which you can either alleviate through therapy/getting over it (good luck lol i know how ingrained that shit can be) or vocal feminization surgery
why do you post this shit on r9k bozo you do realize the userbase is 95% hate-filled chuds who will literally tear your self esteem apart
anyways your voice is pretty epic now post bussy
https://voca.ro/1alA5Gf5es3F
https://voca.ro/16ZbZvvRsokR
I chose to ignore the cute remark because I'm far too awkward to know what to do with that.
well if it can pass here it can pass anywhere
and this board doesnt hurt my feelings tbdesu
You sound like a woman to me, lmao.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv3WRpLK4cg [Embed]
I might post more that I found helpful, if I think of or see them.
are you lying brothjer
im so sorry but Im drunk so im scared im not gonna sound very coherent if I speak eng rn, but fuck, youre very perceptive. And to be fair I dont think it was a movie just for polish people even if ofc yes it was its main target audience. It was also yknow, to show the whole Europe the Russian oppression back then in a very risky way. Actually, it was considered to be admitted to Cannes for the main contest, but the political censors didnt let it happen. Zanussi, other polish director who was allowed to go to Cannes and won a prize, dedicated it to Wajda. Plus, festival actually played the movie regardless of the polish gov disapproval and it was a very big statement, protesting against Soviet Union now internationally.
I have to go, I think Im gonna get really fucked up tn lmfao but dude hope to hear you in the next voc thread&lt;3333gn
You
cannot
have
a
female's
voice
Simply
BEcause
You
Are NOT
And NEVER WILL BE
A female.
Not many trannies are about life at all..
Hey, if I made a fool of myself with my Polish pronunciation you should have to do it too with your drunk English, which I'm sure is still many orders of magnitude better. That's an interesting bit of film history though, glad I know it now. I suppose I knew that Russia had an influence on Poland during that time, but I'd never really considered just how widespread it must've been. Looking forward to watching more, you'll have to continue to teach me. And drink some bloody water.
whatt are you people on about
hellllloooooon htrajs
Trannies cannot pass in any way. You should just give up, go back to being a man.
no sorry anoon no can do
I reckon these threads are actually a female-to-male tranny fishing for compliments about how everyone can tell they are really a man. If so, kudos, you've done a really good job at getting the attention you wanted. Which is exactly something a woman would do.
Are you that tranny that was posting about your operation awhile ago?
We all told you not to do it.
You sound alright, assuming youre not ftm
no im actually mtf :|
nope i still have my penor 
im mtf
troon goes full AGP into an hero
Many such cases
Time to reconsider you path in life troon-san
