if you had to hide a body, hypothetically, how would you do so?
I'd bury it.
Dump it in a fairly deep river with weights attached to it, it's a classic.
How would you do it, OP?
I'd put in a three letter agencies office, they have a way of making things "disappear" when they don't want any spotlight.
id drive her car to a swamp behind many trees in a fairly known park in an area where not so many people even know about then id go there every two months or so to make sure nothing is floating
Eat it, feed it
Paint it black, drop it off in front of a police station, and let them take care of the rest, hypothetically
There are woods full of coyotes a short drive from where I live. I'd probably just dump it out there and hope for the best - I have to imagine it would be pretty unrecognizably torn apart in a matter of days, there's always other decaying flesh around, and there's minimal risk I create circumstantial evidence buying other tools and accoutrements.
Feed it to pigs or bury in the desert far from the road
Fair choice. Seems we think in simular ways.
I'd sink it in the great lakes like dexter
hypothetically, how would you do so?
hypothetically, i'd simply wear it
based and gein pilled
throw in a lake with weights attached or if I really really care about inconspicuity, chop it up then cook it, with proper and relevant seasoning, then feed portions to animals over an interval of time and make sure no remains are left after feeding sessions. hypothetically.
what would you do with the skeleton and what would you do to avoid the police getting to you before you cook all the meat
Yeah that's always the danger--ask Jeffrey Dahmer
Pigs will eat everything even bones
Chop it into pieces and flush it down the toilet
In the ocean maybe.
It's not hard to test the water in rivers for decomposition and such, and it's probably one of the first places they'd check.
Furthermore the body should not be easily identifiable in the event that it is found.
Which would require the removal of some parts.
I would send it in pieces to random addresses in india, well seasoned with cury powder
I would eat it entirely from head to toe
Can you make a bit more elaborate hypothetical scenario?
lets say, hypothetically, that i killed someone while they were jogging in a park. the park has a fairly deep lake but its very exposed, and its the second largest park in my state
I'd eat it.
Its tasty meat why waste it?
Highly agree. If not for yourself, feed your pets.
cut it up
burn it in small quantities
grind the bones into dust
use both ash and bone as compost
problem solved
youd have to lure it to your house then, and would need to kill it without making any noise. how?
op doesn't know body disposal 101
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXtM4qQh-j4 [Embed]
grind the bones into dust
Oh come on now, where are you going to get something that does that?
you know magnotta did this almost verbatim and still got caught
wander off
die
nobody looks for me because they don't care
it's that easy
l would eat it
Feed the pigs, eat the pigs. 
If the pigs do not eat the bones, make powder of theme and let your goat eat it with their meal;
To put it simple : Own a farm.
all of these pig posters
yes I watched Snatch too
response to the pigfags here:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Pickton
I've got a method that's essentially odorless mummification.
name it, im OP and i will/already do need it. if possible do it on a catbox file so it cant be traced back + easily erased
hang it upside down and cut the neck to drain the blood into a tub
sever the legs, arms and head
bury all but head several feet deep
screw weights into skull and throw head into ocean
The head is the most important part because it's the most easily identifiable through the teeth
After a few weeks the joints will rot and the bones will float downstream. This happened to a pair of tourists who got lost in a forest
I would down that person in my love to have her not leave me 
im a good guy me not killing people mr fed
First tell me about your circumstances and why you may require this knowledge.
Only way to hide a body is to keep it close to you.
And now really i would chop of the head burn the rest of the boody take out the teeth of the head smash the head into dust use Acid to destroy the theet beyond reckognition burn the smashed head burry the rest of the body on a graveyard use grassy soil from a closeby forrest to cover up the hole take the teeth and hammer them deep into a tree and hide the rest of the head in a birdhouse high up and safely placed birdhouse
But its just hypothetical or?
it wont do harm to anyone in real life
You think I care about that? Give me a hint then I'll decide if I trust you enough to help you.
Man, OP's motives are pretty obvious, don't give this guy advice.
spawn the wither to blow it up
There are many different motives to perform, I only entertain and guide a select few.
you and i both know, will you or will you not?
i think i gave you the best advice 
you arent going to kill people or since that would probaly cause me some truble for telling you how to hide corpses
this thread is glowing the entire fucking rainbow
imagine its already done, what is your fault here? its all on me, you are simply a text that helps me think, its not your problem
It depends. If you want to commit some petty murder and dispose of the body in the simplest way possible, then no. This is my life's work and this method is unique. Through the mummification process these bodies will remain intact for a long while. Preferably they'd be found in the distant future too.
its not a petty murder, its not like the guy that kills a crazy gf. you know it'd be worse for me if i told you more than that, its not something that will make headlines, i have put a lot of thought into this, for years and years. if found, it wont be in your lifetime
Chop into tiny manageable pieces and then turn all said pieces into cubes with a press. Scatter said pieces in random locations
i will make it clear for the feds
In know way do i had any idea if any of my actions could result into people being harmed nor did i had any reason to asume that everything said and written from me was just for educational reasons and or help in the story line of a murder mistery book thus i do not have any fault nor did i assisted a potential murder coverup committed by this OP or anyone else on the 4chan.
Through the mummification process these bodies will remain intact for a long while
why you would want to get rid of the boody as fast as possible this isnt some Necro bulshit where you want to keep the corpse and fuck it later on for the hypothetical scenario it would need to decay as fast as possible while beig as hidden as possible
Because my performance will make headlines nationwide and ideally inspire horror stories and movies for decades to come. If you want to commit some petty murder I'm not the one for you. If you want to make history and have a burning passion for this work, then I could potentially mentor you.
If you want to make history and have a burning passion for this work, then I could potentially mentor you.
ive already told you my situation is not petty. if you'd be willing to mentor me im all ears.
i kinda like your spirit if i would be into murder i would surely hit you up
But what about focusing your passion on something less illegal like wirte murder stories it seems like you would have a hand for that.
