6'4
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
thin/not fattie
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
nice thick straight hair anti balding genetics
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
average 6~7/10 face
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
my own place, car, job
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
completely alone
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
no gf
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
little to no matches on dating apps (idk if I'm shadowbanned or what)
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
no friends (can't meet friends because can't go to bar alone)
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
no network
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
just drink alone
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
not even a virgin, and have had gfs before in the past
Literally what am I supposed to do.
Being a failed normie is unironically a bigger curse than being a comfy NEET virgin incel.
No it isn't. I'm fairly introverted and don't even let people see the real me until I know them after awhile.
fuck off retard what a timewasting post
you look mid desu
nah bro I'm kinda cute you can't even lie
This board has relatively few rules and you haven't been able to follow them. You might just be retarded.
you look like a closet homosexual
I'm aware of the rules but I just don't care, you don't actually take rules seriously do you anon? 
How so? Idk if that's possible since I prefer big boobas
Just go to the bar alone it's not that big of a deal. Initially go with the goal of finding friends and having fun until you get a few people that can go out with you, hit on girls if the opportunity is there naturally. If you go solo and are only there to go for girls it will seem too desperate and make it far harder
Nah bro you are a sperg like the rest of us clearly.
it's because you dress like a fucking anime character
He looks like he came straight out of fucking persona
How tf am I supposed to dress then? I do admit I try to match my clothes and I like darker colors but that doesn't make it not me
pic rel has been spamming his face for literal months, if not years
the jannies haven't enforced those rules for ages
i hope you burn in hell you sex having normie. you dont belong here. you should leave, you cannot relate to incels. having love and losing is NOT worse than never having love at all, you fucking retard
Go for a more athletic route, your bodytype can pull it off easily. Get like an adidas uniform and some black hoodie if you're into darker colours, it will do wonders for you. Girls love men in athletic uniforms.
have you even gymmaxxed?
your problem is contained in the 
The fact that you even thought that means you have mental issues. You only want people to energy vamp them, do you think anyone wants somebody sucking the life force out of them?
That's all I can find just looking at these.
It unironically is. You never experience heart break. You never experience the feeling of missing a woman's touch. 
You never recieved it so its not stored in your brain therefore cannot break you. 
Failed normies/cyborgs have it 100x worse than you fucking incel retards. Because they don't even belong anywhere. 
No that seems retarded since I'm not roids
I have not. I just eat once a day a natural metabolism
and now you're doing>>73152444
again, you're boasting about how hard you have it. well maybe you should've chosen a side and stuck to it
Here's some more of my face skull structure bro, don't think it's chubby. 
I have the standard normie zoomer curtain haircut, I just have very thick hair anti balding genetics, dont know what ou want me to do about it and im not doing a buzzcut.
Also, I have never seen a black suit or leather jacket when I went to HS.
What in the fuck are you even on about you retarded schizo faggot
it's actually shocking how stupid op is. he's failed. showing off, flouting the rules, insulting the same people he's asking for advice
nobody gives a damn, you schmudt
op's name is tyler, he's the one who posts those schizo threads where only he replies with images talking about mlp
I'm insulting you because you're giving artificial answers/reasoning. 
From the eyes of the normie and my general perceived personality there is nothing wrong so what is it. 
You also have to remember I've already had sex and have had gfs so the have sex incel meme doesn't apply. 
I'm not a manlet. I'm not obese. So what's the problem? 
Kys you attention seeking Tallfaggot, I hope someone saws off your legs so you can feel what it's like to be short dipshit. 
You are a tall white man in america and fucking complaining.
I have no idea who this Tyler retard is and you and Tyler (gay ass name) can go kill yourselves
Hmm maybe it just looks like it in the other pics. But either have a beard or don't.
just fucking KILL YOURSELF YOU ARE AN ANIMAL. THINK ABOUT YOURSELF FOR ONCE, and KILL YOURSELF
YOU KNOW ITS CRAZY EVERYONE SAYS THAT BUT WHERE IS SAID PUSSY
nobody has to help you, throwing insults around isn't gonna get you anywhere you faggot incel
You're a pretentious, attention seeking, codependent, taker
i got an idea, how bout op takes a handsaw and saws his legs off, then he'll be 3'5" and finally a man
I kept it shaved for years but nothing changed. So the facial hair meme is invalid. Next
How am I the animal you tranny nigger spic whatever you are. You're just mad because I'm telling the honest truth about HOW IMPOSSIBLE THE WORLD IS EVEN IF YOU HAVE ALL THE BENEFITS, LIKE ME.
DOESNT MATTER HOW ATTRACTIVE YOU ARE IN 2023, YOU WILL ALWAYS BE LONELY FOR 100 BILLION YEARS
you got a 3 inch weenie, little baby?
why are you throwing derogatory names around when u don't even know what i am? It's not impossible, you are.
I'm not asking any of you to help me. I'm not asking any of you for money. I'm not asking any of you to be my personal trainer. 
Of course you respond to "why does X love BBC?" threads, but when I ask a genuinely tough question of what the fuck is going on here despite the fact that i should be normie you freeze up and resort to cope
you are tyler, ur the guy who extorted the royalties from bad &amp; boujee out of my gf. u know that's interference of contract
dude your life is a cesspool, do you understand you're not human to me? you're rolling in your own filth without the will to change, as i said: animal
So you want me to become a blue pilled ignorant retard is what you're saying
Did you have sex with trannies then or something?
Do you have asperger's syndrome? That may explain why.
you are a fuckin LIBERAL
laughin @ op cuz he profited off being 6'4" his whole life and now it came back to bite him. While I'm 5'9" and dating two celebrities and if I wanted to bet him that by tomorrow I could lay any chick i wanted I'd win. But Instead I'm going to my HAPPY life
I'm PROUD of myself, you fucking schmudt. What are YOU?
it's that. as a failed normie you belong in therapy. you'll be ok.
where'd you go, pussy? I'll beat the shit out of your giantess ass
Fuck OP. Who goes to the people he wants help from and insults/bullies them? Maybe he's used to making others feel worthless and forcing them into submission in order to get what he wants. Either way this prick can eat shit for all I care.
Would I really be that manipulative anon? I don't even think I'm smart enough to manipulate people even if I wanted to
spanks your biff*. Good boy, does a body gud
two words: kill schmudt
hard pass
who do you even think you are? Get back in your cage
dude op is a female judas
Who is this fucking schmut retard you retards keep obsessing over. Give me the qrd lore. Here is my eye to prove I'm not that faggot. If he has grey eyes as well gg fuck me then guess idk how to prove it you. 
However if this has been resolved fuck off from my thread you stupid niggers
answer me
be quiet you schmudt
t. schmudt
yeah well at least Tony Robbins isn't gonna fuck my soulmate in the ass
okay Tyler schmudt, whatever you say cuck lover cheating fetish alcoholic rape astrology projecting pedophile
he's gonna stick it right up her ass, just like you wanted us to give you the solution, schmudt
stop saying schmudt, it's copywritten. it's my property
My God dude, how old are you?
he's 2 in development. over 3000 in terms of telomeres
now get out of my thread you old bastard, this is a mutiny
Are you trannybrained?
adgasdg
EITHER DOENLOAD A DATING APP AND HAVE TALLFAG OBSESSED FOID YHROW HERSELF AT YOU OR KYS AND STOP COMING TO REAL LONLEY MALE SPACES YOU FUCKING MORON.
Check OP
