Did escortceling give you motivation to live life again
Redditors need to learn what "incel" means and stop making "cel" words and obscuring the fucking definition even more.
What's your definition? Is it about being virgin? And female incels?
Incel is short for involuntary celibate which is slang for a virgin living a life of celibacy despite not actively wanting or trying to do so.
stupid worthless roastoid has to fuck an older, grosser, more pathetic version of the guys she looked down on in her youth
LMAO
escortcel is a fine term, when we think about incels we imagine people who cant organically get women to have sex with them or engage romantically with them, not people who are just incapable of buying sex.
Prostitutes are a massive blackpill because they give you an idea what Chad experiences guaranteed sex no passion no deeper feeling just pure carnal bliss I guess. It really makes you hate women alot honestly so much you actually begin to stop using prostitutes because you hate them so much.
Don't know anon, try it out and report back to us (if you feel so inclined). Some people feel satisfied with it while others are regretful
I think escort celibate is fine
yeah it helped me and made me learn more about life. I have realized that I have hard anxiety and some erectile dysfunction. made me learn more about what a women is... I recommend for fellow incels and volcels to visit a whore or two.
volcel means voluntary celibate. Although I scared away couple of women I wouldn't call my self solely volcel. I believe my anxiety caused me to do that. Can I call myself an incel?
Do escorts require you to wear a condom during oral?
they often do oral first and then put the condom on for vaginal.
Who is an escort celibate? What does "celibate" mean here dudes?
just buy an escort!
Was never the fucking solution to being an incel. Having to pay for fake attraction doesn't do anything for real attraction and it's illegal. 
You're asking people to go do something legally compromising just to tell normie sex-havers "YES I HAD THE SEX THING TOO BECAUSE I BOUGHT SEX PERSON" and then end going up to jail. 
Want to lose their virginity in the same the normies did it is not an unreasonable request. 
And it's not all about sex.
It's about relationships too.
You can't bring a fucking escort home to your parents or friends and claim it's your GF.
my escort always never sucks me off without a condom
a review about her praises her for giving condomless bjs without asking for extra $
its over
Celibacy is the practice of not having sex. But not everyone defines celibacy the same way. Some people abstain from all kinds of sexual contact, including kissing or holding hands. Others only refrain from sexual intercourse.
you could've just googled
always never
*never
i need sleep
I think you approach the problem too directly, you've to solve your anxiety issues first. Otherwise wouldn't your first gf dump you for your neuroticism? That's something I fear a lot
guaranteed sex no passion no deeper feeling just pure carnal bliss
spoken like a person who's never had sex. or has never loved someone they were fucking
the best part of sex is the closeness you and your partner feel, together, two becoming one
all that shit
don't get me wrong
many of us have paid for just the sex
but 'carnal bliss'
that's something entirely different
and it can't be bought, even if you pay extra for GFE
yes unless they specify they do bare.
I paid a little extra one time to get one to suck me bare, but she mostly just jerked me off.
does fucking prostitutes improve your life at all
No, not really. 
It helps "scratch the itch" for getting some action, but that's all. Life is still the same. 
I suppose it could help if you consider yourself an incel and think sex will save you. Once you fuck, you'll realize you still feel the same, and your anger/problems aren't directly related to just getting laid.
it means an incel that uses escorts to cope. it's not hard to understand
they could have just google it instead of using it wrong
Well when you're calling a whore celibate I'm going to assume you're fucking illiterate and don't know what words mean.
I think you approach the problem too directly, you've to solve your anxiety issues first.
Normie Sex-Havers have anxiety issues and get laid dude. I'm tired of trying to perfect myself as some completely flawless being and that doesn't get any attention from women.
I've done PUA.
I've done self improvement. 
I've done all that.
I don't have looks because I'm deformed or money because I'm broke and people block me from ever getting any more money.
Looks and money is all they care about, if I got magically rich tomorrow every girl who turned me down would immediately change her mind. 
Otherwise wouldn't your first gf dump you for your neuroticism? That's something I fear a lot
Stop trying to perfect yourself since normies sure as hell don't go layers of self-improvement before they have sex either.
Having sex with anyone makes them not an incel. That's a failed normie. It's not hard to understand, we understood this years ago. You weren't around then I guess.
Is someone choosing not to have sex with a hooker a volcel (everyone)
we understood this years ago
nobody came to consensus on this. stop trolling
Is someone choosing not to have sex with a hooker a volcel (everyone)
No it's not.
If you're starving and can't eat going and stealing food is not a legit option and not legit advice to tell people.
nobody came to consensus on this.
Yes we did. We got bored when we did and then newfags came in and 180'd the entire discussion.
I find it funny how many people will lie on here and say oh it'll be terrible you won't be able to get hard at all because blah blah blah
this woman was a 3/10 and I got hard faster than I've ever gotten before from her hand on my stomach
during oral?
Yes its terrible escort sex is not real sex. If you're really ugly she will want you out of there as quick as possible.
If you're starving and can't eat going and stealing food is not a legit option and not legit advice to tell people.
What? I'm not telling you to rape anyone. Your logic is just fucking retarded.
Getting an escort but no girl wanting you besides through payment is incel.
It makes you realize sex is over rated and therefore you become much more relaxed around females and much less of a simp. Its also makes insults such as virgin now meaningless because everyone can tell if you lie about it. If you are a virgin you probably act weird around women subconsciously and its very noticeable with behaviors like staring or looking away quickly.
you and your morals beta
I also find it funny. Most people who say that stuff have never been with a prostitute. Their only concept of a prostitute is the $2 crack whore in the ghetto. Of course, you can get ugly girls that give you terrible service, but you can easily find very attractive girls that give you great services and do a variety of different services.
man I'm just lucky I'm into older women
It really makes you hate women alot honestly so much you actually begin to stop using prostitutes because you hate them so much
there's no way that's real, I hope to unlock that power
I'm not regretful but not 100% satisfied yet...I want to see another one, one who isn't ugly lol
Nevada one didn't make me wear one
you and your morals beta
It's called LAWS neckbeard, stop living in your basement and figure out what they are.
yup this is all true and those deniers don't want people to have fun
What? I'm not telling you to rape anyone. Your logic is just fucking retarded.
Lots of normies tell incels to just rape women and I'm dead serious. Normies proved that lack morals when it comes to sex. 
Getting an escort but no girl wanting you besides through payment is incel.
Nope.
The second dick goes in vagina, inceldom is over. Now they're failed normies.
maybe I'll have a drunken bar hookup someday, but I'm not too sure about girlfriend lol
for now hookers are amazing and do the trick
Then everyone's a volcel. You buy a hooker? You're a failed normie. You don't? You chose not to, so you're volcel
Braindead nigger
fucking hookers is enough to make me feel like a man
not him but indeed, everyone with 200$ in their pockets is not an incel. wtf is an incel? involuntary celibate. thats it. only actual severe mentally retarded dudes who cant possibly comprehend the act of going online and making an appointment but still went through puberty and get horny are incels because they cant know any better. your amerifat 3rd world shithole disguised as 1st world is the only country i've been to where prostitution is illegal and i've been across quite a few in europe, south america and asia.
ohh but the term has evolved! that's not what incel means anymore it now means the love of a girl to you the same love she has for chad
your little club cant change ethimology like this you absolute dense moron. find another term to describe it and might as well leave this one behind, given all the horrible reputation you managed to build for yourselves this past decade.
find another term to describe it
No.
Recently took a trip to Tokyo. Visited a couple soaplands and did a couple of delivery health services. Here's a summary of one of my soapland experiences:
Soapland
Y-shirt
provider
Runa https://www.y-shirt.jp/pc/profile.php?id=runa
price
27,000 yen == $200
language
English/broken Japanese
Will post the greentext separately because its kind of long
read about Y-shirt online and heard they take foreigners
tenchou welcomes me in and ask if I spoke japanese
after saying no, he puts out some cards with girls faces/info
I go with Runa because she is the youngest
get taken to a waiting room with a couch and brought some tea
there are 3 other people in there, all old japanese men
after 15 minutes the guy calls me out and Runa is waiting for me at the bottom of the stairs
she's very cute, about 90% match with her picture, a little chubby but not in a bad way
she takes my hand and we walk up three flights of stairs
on our floor I can hear slapping sounds and girls moaning in the other rooms
we go in and she immediately kisses me and starts undressing me
she directs me to the shower where she starts washing me, giving my dick a good rub down
after we get in the tub and she rubs against me before turning around and propping me up for a bbbj
after about 5 minutes of that she gets out and preps the map for the nuru massage
get out and lay on the mat
I ask her if she speaks any English and she says "only small english"
she rubs me all over with her tits and pussy
puts my dick between her thighs and starts riding me
I tell her i'm close to cumming and she slows down and slides a condom on me and slides it in
we try some different positions but its too slippery for me and gets kind of award
end up cumming with her riding me and kissing me at the same time
we shower up and chat in broken english/japanese
go to the bed and she orders some tea for us
we were chatting, cuddling, and kissing
got hard again for a round two
she gave me a bj for a couple of minutes before sliding another condom on
she road me
switch to doggy style, to prone bone, to missionary, then doggy style again
probably fucked for another 15 minutes before I came
had about 20 minutes left on the clock
spent the rest of the time cuddling and chatting with the help of google translate
Overall it was a good experience
Isn't paying for vaginal sex illegal in Japan? Do you know if this law is enforced at all?
holy shit anon sounds like it was fantastic
Technically it is illegal but I've never heard of it actually being enforced.
Sorry if I'm probing too much, but do you know if there are companies that lie about not allowing vaginal sex for legal reasons?
Ask away. but I don't know how accurately I can answer because I speak basically no Japanese. I think there are plenty of companies that do that. I can't remember any off the top of my head. When I was texting the tenchou for Robo-deli https://www.robodeli.net/top/explanation/ he explicitly told me that penetration is illegal. I did it with the girl anyways. Its expected.
How many brothels are gaijin-friendly? Are there brothels that just ban them outright, or is it a matter of just not accommodating people that don't speak Japanese? Also, are the picture usually up to date? In generally, how "scammy" are Japanese brothels?
Definitions are useful because most people agree on what they mean. Most people don't consider paying for a hooker as a way to invalidate being an incel. Just like most people wont consider rape as a valid way to invalidate being an incel. Just like most people dont consider having gay sex on grindr as way which invalidates being an incel (if you are straight).
I live near a legal brothel but I've never gone to one. Just feels gross, like paying for sloppy seconds
how many brothels are gaijin friendly
I couldn't say. There are thousands of sex related establishments. There are at least 10 soaplands in Yoshiwara that takes non-japanese speaking foreigners.
Are there brothels that just ban them outright, or is it a matter of just not accommodating people that don't speak Japanese?
Many outright ban foreigners, but for many its just a language issue with understanding rules and stuff. Most of the time it depends the girl herself and what she's comfortable with. I've been turned away from that same Y-shirt before because they had no english accepting girls in that day. I couldn't say which way it skews more towards because I can't really test it myself.
are the picture usually up to date?
Its kind of like roulette. I usually only go to places/girls that have reviews. I've had bait and switches before.
in generally, how "scammy" are Japanese brothels?
Generally not scammy. Their business rely on reviews (in japanese for japanese) to build up a customer base. Bait and switching and scamming is a quick way to lose business. That being said, girls performances vary day to day. Some of the girls are like 10 years older than their profile says.
I think with time people's interest in things wanes honestly
I remember being in my teens and early 20s into video games but now haven't played in years and don't really care too
I've been banging escorts/brothel chicks in Tijuana since 2019, I started in the brothels and then did escorts in TJ specifically starting around 2020
2019 was the year I was introduced to the Tijuana redlight scene and was in fuck mode that entire year, since then though I realize that too much of anything can be bad so I've calmed down with that
My last escort I banged in Tijuana was like 2 months ago, a nice 19 year old I cuddled with after fucking, it was only $130 for an hour 
Some guys end up falling for these girls and want to sugar them and shit, but being blackpilled and 4channed I don't really feel anything for these girls
It's nice though to not have to deal with dating and all that swiping bullshit, I've met girls through apps and all that but with an escort you already know what to expect
I'll probably go back in the next two weeks
There are other things though aside from fucking girls that I'd like to accomplish like getting leaner and restoring my vision and fixing up my truck 
I also got into manga more recently, there's some I'd like to read
Is it worth it to lose your virginity to an escort?
Nah. Tried it once to technically lose the V-card and was like "Alright, that was fun but not worth the price". Still generally hate myself and my life.
Depends on how much you hype it up and how the experience is, which isn't totally under your control. I was lucky and got a girl who walked me through it and eased my nerves (basically gfe). I've read countless stories of people who went cheap, or had reality not meet whatever their expectations were and felt like they "threw away" their first time.
I've never had a religious attachment to virginity and it just help me move past "being a virgin". I no long wonder "what is sex like?" or get wrapped up in trying to pursue it all the time.
its not worth it because you will forever think of yourself as someone that had to pay money to have sex and you'd feel pathetic about it. If you stay a virgin at least you have dignity that you keep yourself clean and ready for a real connection
a guy who uses an escort is still a virgin. he's essentially just using the body of the escort to masturbate. it's not real sex.
Your ancestors would literally rape and pillage, who cares about muh attraction stop being such a fucking s*oyboy faggot and use her as your sex toy.
he's essentially just using the body of the escort to masturbate
Yes this is what casual sex is. There is no reason to distort the meaning of words. If you've had any kind of penetrative sex before, you're not a virgin.
yup I don't understand this notion that money magically makes it 'invalid', it is penis inside of woman
after doing it a bunch i realised sex is really overvalued and i was wasting my money. also women in general are really way too entitled. 
like bitch i am paying you 100+ dollars for less than an hour and you are going to call yourself a queen and talk like everything must be on your terms, even though i only want very basic and typical services.
I've had really good hookers when i was 19, at a specific brothel, but after that place shut down, i never had an experience with a hooker that even came close to what I got there. I'm 30 years old now. So its quite rare. 
Either way, I conclude that even if its a negative experience, its potentially still a positive one in the long run because you realise bitches aint shit but hoes and other garbage.
You've convinced me of saving an extra 200 bucks for this when I make the trip over there
under 25
you still don't need to rush things
over 25
consider having sex before your back hurts
over 30
it's ogre, escorts will probably be the only decent looking woman that are willing to have sex with you unless you're rich but if you were you would most probably have had sex in the past
The reason you think sex is overvalued is because you paid for it. You HAVE TO believe that. Same way that a whore with 50+ bodies has to believe that sex has no meaning. If you believe otherwise, that would mean admitting to yourself you engaged in an immoral act.
not him but fucking hookers is not an immoral act
You shouldn't put too much effort in engaging with people steeped so far in delusion
It does give me some joy, but when they leave or I leave, its actually painful for a bit. 
Went to Tijuana and trying to go again. 
Instead of making a huge essay, I'll say that I'd rather pay for sex here and there for the rest of my life than get no sex.
your assumption is that i've never had sex that i didn't pay for with money. i've also paid for sex with my time and efforts (i've had girlfriends before)
You HAVE TO believe that
no i think its overvalued because whores with no integrity and who are bad at their job can charge that much. 
before i thought this, i paid whores who gave me good service for the same price, but i was just lucky then.
if it was cheaper it wouldn't be overvalued and i'd still be paying for it.
i do not "HAVE TO believe that"
you must now acknowledge that i btfo the fuck out of you with facts and logic. admit defeat or forever bow your head in shame.
I worked night shifts at a hotel until recently. Most of the customers were tourists and people on business trips but you did have a dirty element to some of the guests since it was near a street full of shisha cafes and empty car parks teens/early 20s would hang out. Literally just me, a security guard who was asleep his entire shift except when he was talking to his relatives back in Ghana whilst eating fufu and a manager who would spend an hour with me but the rest in the office or outside smoking.
The hookers were usually alone but a few had a pimp. I was nice to them, even though it wasn't allowed I'd let their clients go up
policy is to write everyone's name down and check for ID incase of a fire/accident
people who aren't on the list cannot be allowed to go upstairs or use the lift
guest must sign their tag alongs in 
never treated them differently because they were whores or tried to flirt with them so I guess they thought I was the picture perfect teenage kid. They'd usually only ask me how I was doing and occasionally flirt for a bit when they're really bored. One talked to me all the way til 4am. A few did offer sexual advancements. There was this one Albanian girl who was a regular that had 4 guys on an average night. One shift she complained about the TV not working so I had to go up and see if I could fix it
usually something wrong with that settings or a disconnected wire
She greets me with a shower towel on, grabs my hands and leads me into the room, lies down on the bed and stretches out as she tells me about her TV not working
all the wires are obviously pulled out
"Anon how am I supposed to entertain myself now"
Literally stands up naked. That's how I lost my virginity. For the rest of my university years I had sex with about a dozen different women at the hotel, 4 were regular hookers but 6 were normal guests. I had to leave now that I am about to get into my grad role. They all gave me tips and cried about me leaving.
