be me
unattractive until 17
super late puberty hits
suddenly get lots of female attention
want to get all the developmental first time experiences with someone just as inexperienced
every girl from 15-19 already has a lot of experience
can't fully love someone from the bottom of my heart if I can't build up love with them from 0
Should I just give up on love and just hookup with strangers and jerk off for the rest of my life? So many people here are saying "just date a high schooler" or whatever, but even they are mostly pretty experienced and even if they aren't, I wouldn't know how to get into an environment where to find someone I'm attracted to. I already left high school a short while ago after all and I'm not pathetic enough to spend months lurking at public spaces hoping for someone suiting to maybe show up.
Date femcels. They're inexperienced and cute
date demographic x
Okay, where do I find demographic x?
just spend hours lurking around and you might be lucky
That's not realistic, I need a more realistic approach. If people use dating apps or go to bars or clubs or what not to meet people usually, what am I supposed to do in my case?
Get naked in the middle of the city, undress yourself to reveal your 20 inch cock and make circles with it in the air while screaming at the top of your lungs "I NEED A CUTE FEMCEL GF LIKE THAT ONE GIRL FROM CHAINSAW MAN RIGHT NOW!!? IS ANYONE INTERESTED???!! MY NAME IS ANON AND MY PHONE NUMBER IS..." 
You get the idea, surely in those crowds of people your ideal gr awaits
But we live in a society that doesn't let us do our mating dances anymore so it's harder to meet a girl you don't find annoying and boring
Fantastic advice anon, truly grateful
That's the approach losers take. People you meet in dating apps, clubs or bars are there for a reason. Go to uni and talk to mid and ugly girls that look like unloved losers. Once they realize they can talk to you (chad) they will fall in no time
Even the ugly girls at my uni have double digit body counts plus most of them are older than me. That aside, I wish I could have someone close to a looksmatch considering I really want to love them and only them in my remaining lifetime
