Why haven't you tipped DarkSydePhil lately?
"Uhh... so I'm naht gunna lie you guys, today's evening stream is, like, one of THE slowest streams I've had in months. No, really! *snort* and uhm... we haven't even hit the Tier 1 tips goal so it looks like there will be no gunnar glasses, hats, or vests tonight dood. And you know I'm just kind of putting this out there, alright, because I've got two big bills coming up this next week and I need that money I really do I need that money. And you guys I thought I had your buy in for this game but the bottom line is that it looks like we might just have to end the playthrough here if the streams are gonna be this slow dood."
"So 4chanANON just sent a Superchat and said that 'because I've been hitting the tips goals for most of this week that one slow day shouldn't affect me'. Let me think about this... uhh... NO! That's naht how that works dood! *snort* How many times do I have to explain this shit to you dumbfuck trolls?! I provide on demand content, and my viewers support me and have positive meaningful interactions with me. And just because I hit the tips goal one day DOESNT MEAN I don't need money the next day! You don't do that with a 9-5 jahb either dood! *snort* And you trolls just sit in here sneak dissing all day and STILL don't understand how any of this works, even when I explain it to you! You're all a bunch of nudnik mentally ill morahns who have no real perception of reality! Alright, enough of this idiot, I'm just gonna ban him." *lean in manual ban*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AOKY5XAgHw [Embed]
The fact that he rakes in so much money for sitting on his ass and playing vidya lowkey makes me seethe. I wish people would throw money at me just for existing.
But look how miserable he is. It clearly brings him no joy. Only spending money on WWE Champions does that.
I know. I just wish we'd get to see him get some comeuppance every now and then. The cockroach factor of DSP can ruin the enjoyment.
My question is, what exactly do his wheelchair symbol paypiggies see in him? He's not entertaining, he hates what he does and he fucking SUCKS at what he does, too. What's the appeal? Sure, he's always talking about how he's one bad stream away from losing his house and all that dumb shit, but you'd think a community of retarded young men (there's no fucking way any female in the world supports this guy) would be throwing their money at e-thots or something. What inherent charm does Phil have that convinces retards to blow their parents' life savings to fund this talentless fat fuck?
They see donating to Phil as a way to stand up to bullies. Some of them have admitted they do it just to see kiwifags rage.
There's also the parasocial shit that he has somehow cultivated.
Victimhood (or at least the appearance of it) truly are the tokens in this game of life that you can trade in for privilege, advantages, and perks.
