All the people I know that prefer Family Guy over American Dad are low IQ or midwits and have basic and low level taste in tv shows
All the people I know that prefer American Dad over Family guy are High IQ or have great taste in comedians or other tv shows
I noticed that American Dad's humor is more subtle, dark (family guy is also) but also intelligent and nuanced and their style of comedy is less assessable to the low brow and the clinically retarded
Scene in Family Guy
Stewie is mad at some kid for making fun of him in front of the other kids
He tries to get back at him in a very direct and blunt way (no subtlety or slow discreet pacing)
Scene in American Dad
Roger is life mogged by some woman who likes to read old literature and seems "high class"
Instead of killing her directly, he steals her entire life and fucks her husband disguised as her and even throws her off a barge all while being "friends" with her
All of this is happening gradually, with a lot of jokes thrown in
goytainment show is better than other goytainment show
ngmi
Family Guy is one of those shows that's better to watch just the best skits on YouTube, it MIGHT have higher comedic highs than American Dad. But American Dad feels like better, more complete show to actually sit and watch with better consistency and far better character work, and better, more creative ideas. I'm trying to get back into Family Guy right now and only ever watch a couple of episodes at a time, whereas when I was watching American Dad years ago I binged it.
I would literally rather stare at a blank wall for half an hour than watch either of those shows, it would be more entertaining and less irritating.
now if you'll excuse me I need to go and watch the new anime that just dropped this season; That Time I Raped My Little Sister With Cystic Fibrosis
american dad is one of the best western animated shows and definitely better than family guy
nah not true. if im going to watch something retarded im going all out. like with family guy. its like the people who get pseudo healthy foods at fast food places its just retarded.
They are both crap.
The only saving grace for either show is a select handful of really good characters.
