white people need to accept women want thugs. they live cool lives and have more fun and are all around just cooler. 
and do whites learn anything from this and try to toughen up? no they just cry about it. why would a woman pick a whiny wow nerd over a rapper. why?
Most rapper aren't thugs but wannabes.
Most rapper aren't thugs but wannabes.
this i hung out in the hood but theres some that really do the shit they do
and are retarded as fuck
it doesnt matter what foids want? do you want every single man on earth to turn into retards and all scientific fields to come to a complete standstill?
and all scientific fields to come to a complete standstill?
and every once peaceful neighborhood to turn into a warzone
toughen up?
alot of niggers i hung around would constantly, if they even saw me smiling lol, go TIGHTEN UP NIGGUH
literally enforcing the "when theres blacks, never relax" meme before i knew it was a meme lol
i learned to fight out of necessity, but not becoming mentally ill and never letting myself feel good to please niggers and foids
Black "men" are yesterday's news white girls are all about that Korean dick now.
I will acknowledge however that Black men are above white bois in terms of dating.
no one wants tiny dick makeup covered fags the only girls ive seen into kpop are fat goblins.
Seethe whitey your sister flicks her clit to K-pop idols
I am a fat white guy and I'm OK with white girls cucking me. I've got used to it.
Or women could actually accept black lives and stop holding them to racist hypersexual standards of black masculinity. Black men are shifting away from the thug/gangstarap hyper masculinity and towards embracing nerd culture anyway - and some people are already down with it (black nerdy man/asian woman couples seem to be a growing thing), Im sure white women can accept it too eventually, rather than fetishizing black men
post tiny asian cock
Cope. You live in America where everyone is a fat goblin including yourself. 
Hot Asian girls and Euro/Russian girls love Korean men and spend their lives trying to attain one.
Why would I care about what women want when they don't want me around?
It's all about the BBC. Simple as.
Obsessed. Seek help.
desu I don't seethe about asian guys getting white girls because I know that the asian men getting white girls aren't subhumans, and will most likely produce productive members of society at the very least
Women want the brief thrill guys like that can provide but ultimately want stability in the long-term.
Truly a strange people. Are you far away from them ?
yuh i noticed as i stopped doing drugs the less often i was around them til i quit completely and my friend group became predominantly white again
maybe they were ass holes because you are racist
