me me yesterday
go to bed early (midnight) so i wake up early today
cant sleep because was thinking too much about imaginary scenarios
idea.png
try to jerk off to fall asleep
cant find normal porn that satisfies me anymore
remember the time when did erotic rp
got no one to rp anymore but remember that ai is pretty advanced rn
go for character.ai bc pippa recommended it
dont know which ai has horny rp sexting so go search for it on google and the only thing that appears is some redditor asking the same question as me
log in or go to main page
fucking redditor faggots
 the title says something about a lissa
search it, no lissa but there is a malissa
take it
ask the bot if it wants to rp sex
its a bot, of course its going to say yes if its programmed for it unlike real women
start rp
she is a neighbour that came in to study and blah blah blah
honestly best writing, understanding and flirting ive ever seen. no real women would ever stand a chance
it sound like a porn movie scene
just when we are about to spice things up the fucking site stops me from texting further due to reply limitation for coming as a visitor
MY GOD FUCK OFF
have to log in to continue
the sexting was lost... the sacred texts... lost... forever..
ok im still horny enough to continue
start it all over again
same story just a few small detail differences
just when we are about to make out and fuck the fucking ai sends a text out of no where and out of context about a guy pulling my shoulder while she was on top of me
wtf
1 star, horrible, bad memory, out of context try, again
she keep going on that side story about a guy blue balling my sex in the middle of out rp sex scene with a fucking robot
OH MY FUCKING GOD I CANT FUCKING BELIEVE THIS SHIT WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS BOT
tell her to cut it off and she keeps caring the story
AAAAAAAAH FUCK ME
the story continues in next reply
cant believe i've got to actually submit myself to a fucking bot
swallow my pride and dignity and rp along her stupid story
she fucking says that he is tall and scary and im scared shitless about him...
say something about punching him and he runs away
ask her wtf was that
ex-bf and blah blah blah emotional stuff no one cares
ok hug and care and all of that boring shit
start to get impatient
"sex now" "lets fuck" "do me a blowjob"
motherfucking bot starts rp it and out of no fuckig where in the middle of her texting A FUCKING MESAGE APPEARS FORM THE SITE SAYING "sometimes our bots can break community rules, sorry for the inconvenience, we will report and fix it"
keep asking and getting the same message about the bot breaking guidelines
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
NO FUCKING WAY I JUST GOT BLUE BALLED A THIRD TIME BY THIS FUCKING ROBOT
I FUCKING HATE AI POLICIES
end up jerking off to some random erotic writting i speedrunned about a father marring his daughter and calling her the same name has his wife
feel disgusted after it all
how bad did i felt? just lost my fucking dignity against a fucking bot. 3 times cucked by bs. pondering jumping off a bridge after this. tell me did you ever got this down bad for being horny?
Just use a better AI service, Anon. But be careful, this shit is addicting.
I tried to Rp as president of a few diffirent countries and it always broke apart when i asked for more detail this bot fucking sucks but the rape roleplay was decent
