female coworker starts talking about her sex life in great detail
I am socially forced into saying "Oh wow" "right", "I see" and pretend their sex drama is interesting just to be polite
10 seconds of silence
breaks the silence and continues without any prompting from me
Holy FUCK this happens to me way too much. Please god tell me that you other employed fuckers deal with this shit too.
There's no way its just me, and if so, why? Is it because I purposefully express zero interest in anyone at work?
I'm the quiet dude that doesn't talk and tries to ignore everyone when I have the chance, and I make it a point to never look at women at work since I'm a social fuck-up and want to outright dodge any Male VS Female shit at work.
The thing about being a social outcast at work is that you can't be up-to-date with how shit works so I'm always outright told what to do by my co-workers instead of being informed through casual conversation.
This must somehow lead them to having this internal feeling of being slightly superior to me and brings them some sort of comfort around me which....somehow leads to them talking about their sex life.
working with new coworker, pale redhead, 19 with glasses, looks like she'd be into books
2 days later she's talking ghetto and how she contracted chlamydia once and how her BF almost made her his 5th baby momma
"oh wow" I say outloud while screaming inside
I'm a 30yr old lanky skeleton who everyone thinks is gay because I don't have any interest in relationships or sex, most teenagers should be skittish of me now SO WHY THE FUCK DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING WHAT ASPECT OF ME IS INVITING THIS SHIT?
back when I got hired
female coworker and I are basically tied together since we're the only employees for 2nd shift
she's fat, ugly, and professional, I like her. Best coworke-
"Yeah I got preg at 16 by my BF I've had since middle school, also he has no life and sits at home playing games, doesn't even cook clean or take care of the kids"
tells me that her kids were once taken away, she didn't get custody
mfw the implications of that, and she's just telling me this shit casually
"Th-that sucks..."
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MAKE IT STOP MAKE IT FUCKING STOP
I can't imagine that being me, I would just straight up say "I don't really feel comfortable discussing this at work" because the way normies talk and think about sex genuinely makes me uncomfortable.
employed
Lmao bro get jewed
If a coworker started talking to me about my sex life I'd be weirded out and I'm a woman. That chick sounds like a freak
You know you can report them to HR for sexual harassment right
that chick sounds like a freak
That's the thing tho its EVERY job I've had that forces me to talk to coworkers at some point.
Any friends that I make always tell me that talking with me is always really stimulating, easy to talk to, and have an incredibly open-mind but I've NO IDEA HOW ANYONE THINKS I'M INVITING SMUT CONVERSATIONS AT WORK HOLY SHIT ITS LIKE I'M A MAGNET FOR THIS
befriend nice old lady in her 50s because unable to speak with people my own age 
one day after work she breaks down crying that her husband of 20 years has asked for a divorce
Why? Its just really socially awkward dude chill sheesh
UMMM BUT THEY'D REPORT YOU IF THE GENDERS WERE REVERSED
Don't care.
I'm a 30yr old lanky skeleton who everyone thinks is gay because I don't have any interest in relationships or sex
That's why. They think you're their gay bestie. All women want a neutered gay guy they can treat like a girlfriend and gossip to or talk about their sex lives with.
I'm 36 and have had a couple relationships but am usually single and female co-workers have never thought I was gay or done anything like that to me. Maybe try gaining some weight (I used to tend towards being skinny too) and tell women you're busy if they try talking to you in the future. Also don't say you don't have any interest in relationships with women because that's basically the same as telling them you're gay.
I work in a corporate environment, so there isn't the remotest sexual talk (unless lobbying for abortion counts)
Do you work at a restaurant or something?
Good advice but the issue is that I'm a social fuck-up and have no idea how to talk about myself
Hell, the last few times I ever tried talking about myself to a coworker were rudely shot down anyways.
coworker tells me something about them
Me: "That reminds me of XYZ happening to me and I-"
they instantly cut me off and continue talking about themselves
other times they let me finish talking, lets the awkward silence hang, and then continues talking about themselves as if I never said anything
Incredibly draining and is 70% of why I avoid everyone at work.
I might as well be since all of my jobs are low-skill, entry level, and dead-end so basically a restaurant yeah
Well, that explains it. The bottom-level jobs are filled by 80-95 IQ underachievers that make sex a large part of their daily fun.
havent had any happen at work but for some reason kept happening over vidya. it was fucking disgusting TMI shit that i'd have the same fake 'oh wow, thats crazy!' kind of reactions while screaming inside that this bitch was digusting
anon im so drunk right now
oh wow
my period is so fucking heavy
oh no!
that is fucking SICK YOU NASTY BITCH NOBODY EVER NEEDED TO HEAR THAT YOU DUMB CUNT. i've also had them tell me sick shit while they are sober. vile creatures, just shut the fuck up and play vidya.
start looking for a work from home job, anon. you'll be much better off
your problem for not signaling her to buzz off
enjoy
