If anyone knows how to stop being a porn addict, please help. I'm serious.
get addicted to heroin. you wont get hard and you wont really care.
Depends on what you're into. I was a terminal NTR fag until I played some select few NTR games, made me depressed to the point where I didn't even want to fap or look at porn anymore.
The first step is always to stop consumming.
I was able to stop watching porn for several months by simply not seeing it on this website when I managed to quit for a little bit
but ig I'm back here now haha
We're the games that bad or what?
Stop going to 4chan it's literally half porn at all times, even blue boards have constant lewd posts.
yup but especially this board, this is the one board I browse that's caused me to relapse
I find that to quit you have to go all the way, no PMO at all. one will always lead into the other, until you fall back down to where you started.
delete all folders, accounts, and bookmarked tabs that you might have
remove all things you may use when masturbating, eg tissues by bed, lotion, whatever
make up the time you would have spent jacking off with something else you enjoy. Even if this is stuff like vidya or anime, it's better than the alternative
When you find yourself thinking about jacking off, push the thought away. You just don't think about stuff like that anymore.
Don't look at sexual images. If you browse here often, hide threads with sexual pictures or subject matter.
And most important of all, remember why you're doing what you're doing. Whenever you get the urge, remember where you are now, and how you never want to be there again.
But I want to fap. I want to do it often. It feels good. I need to. Why must I deny myself to live?
On the contrary, the games are written really well. The content itself is just soul-crushing, there have been many people on f95 that went on schizo rants against the creator because the NTR is too heavy and real in his games.
This is not me. I don't even have interest in flapping without porn
T. OP
So are you saying that if I traumatize myself with something extreme I might lose my urges?
I'll answer the question regardless
because you feel bad right now. You have to recognise that pleasure in the short term is leading to dissatisfaction in the long term, and so you must find another outlet that doesn't lead to that.
That's one way to go about it, worked for me. I've also heard memes that being addicted to fapping has you cycle through multiple new fetishes to find something that gives you the new "thrill" until you just lose interest in porn altogether and move on.
Why don't you just...masturbate without watching porn
What I hate most is getting my hopes up about quitting only to get disappointed again. I have so little willpower to try to change right now because I've been here so many times and always failed. I'd be lying if I said I didn't want to quit though. This is no way to live
