This makes the chunksale seeth.
Billions of chink ladies getting RAILED by master race white cock.
fuck azn chick
have azn sons
What do you do at this point? Blackpill him or just keep lying to him his whole life?
fuck azn chick with protection
adopt white baby
ensure the white future while erasing the chinese.
its over for chinkcels
I wish I had yellow fever but Asian women are all so ugly and they have small breasts, dark skin, and dark hair. They outnumber other races so it would be convenient to be attracted to them. I want children though. Not a lot, just four or five. If I have to settle for an ugly Chinese bitch I'm fucking a white woman and we raise the child as ours or we use an egg donor.
bugwomen will never be attractive, get over it kike
As a hapa man, the answer is that they just keep fucking lying
both wmaf and bmwf activate my vomit reflex 
theres just something so vile and jewish about both those pairings
Normal reaction. Miscegenation is the root of all evil, the Jews know this and promote it constantly.
They're the most common pairings pushed in the mainstream media, so maybe that's why
maybe. also the fact the kids of those pairings tend to be complete fuckups who degenerate society even further. i dont feel AS disgusted by wmbf or amwf though i think all races should stick within their own for the greater good. 
agreed.
Let them figure everything out alone (leave your hapa sons to the wolves, give them zero inheritance) and give all your time, resources and efforts to making sure your hapa daughters marry successful white men
This is my plan for when I marry a self-hating asian woman
kekek, this thread is already smoldering, nice work.
Hapa girls always marry swarthy men. That famous YouTuber beauty reviewer hapa married an Indian guy. Lauren Chen married an Arab.
Treat him like a normal person you fucking retard. Want to know the reason Eliot Rodger was fucked in the head? He wasnt socialized right. That and his dad was a Jew.
Here is what will happen: Asian men will marry black bvlls and then adopt whitoids or birth whitoids from their anus due to new technology. Those then bully the hapas at school
Every white or hapa kid I know got molested by their white dad or uncle. All white dudes are pedophiles.
Come back to reality
Based, Turkchad here
ugly SEA monkey 
son looks 100% Asian 
Kek
Asian women and men look alike
Asian women look like little boys and got no ass its why white pedophiles with tiny dicks like them
t. Mexichad with 9 inch dick who only fucks white girls and thicc latinas
Interesting how this thread comes along soon as it's fucking morning in China KEK
Jews arent white buddy and many Jews agree on this.
Not talking about Jews, just regular working class whites. Every single white fembot I added from here was molested as a kid, shits just sad.
promote AMWF
White dudes start raging, and they go after White Women again.
oof, YT boi - This K-Chad is holding a QT.
Silly Poojeet U get no wamen only fuq ur mother
I am more attracted to the Asian boi than her. Imagine how tight his butt is
4chan is not real life also every story posted on 4chan is fiction. You would have to be a fool to think otherwise. Also also why the fuck you just going to accept what a woman says in this day and age? A woman will call rape if you look at her funny.
This gook lookin ZESTY
You can ask any white girl and I guarantee you 9/10 of them have been molested or raped
OOF yt boi.
this one finna hurt!
Every hapa I have known has been fucked up. 
The hapa females were whores. One hapa female from college that I knew IRL become an onlyfans whore where she puts a 10 inch dildo into her ass and she comes from an upper class family. 
I know like 5 hapa males IRL that are perma incel weirdos that hate white people.
HEY HAPA MALES. IT IS NOT MY FAULT THAT YOUR WOMEN AND YOUR MOTHERS WANT TO FUCK WHITE MEN. I AM SORRY THAT WE WHITE MEN ARE TALLER THAN YOU AND YOUR WOMEN LOVE US. I AM SORRY THAT YOUR MOM CREATED YOU BECAUSE SHE LOVES WHITE MEN MORE THAN YOUR GOOK ASS KIND. SORRY NOT SORRY OKAY.
No chud you don't get it! YOU are the one who's coping, not me!!1!
LEL YT BOIS TAKING CRITICAL SHOTS
KEEP POSTING AMWF
How's that going for you fishhead?
Why do white zoomer girls love Asian cock so much?
Mostly Slavic women bcuz they are sort of Asian themselves and most r otakus
And you can kill yourself faggot you projecting loser nigger.
most are slavic 
Nope. Most are west European or American.
i feel like wfbm is pushed more
We do not ask for pussy sir, we take.
Why are white guys obsessed with raceplay?
Ivf gender selection
WMAF is the only race pairing where the guy is more obsessed with the men of his gfs race than his gf
Asian Bois are the ultimate rape puppets
No they arent. Asians hate trannies and gays.
Kposter?
Is that you?
Is this the next step in your spiraling into insanity?
Cope, you love bbc
Not according to US prison rape stats. 500,000 white boys raped every year. Hell, even gay and tranny dating apps are biased against Asians. Everyone just wants to fuck white girls in the ass and who can blame them.
can i get deetz plz
where does it hurt
nearly everyone was borned
Asians are made for bbc, BMAF master race
Cope whiteboy, every race is fucking you in the ass kek
you could make a collage like this out of any race combination, whats the point
White boys get fucked in the ass then say sorry lol
BMAF futurism, you will kneel
if white boys werent meant to be raped then god shouldnt have made white boy ass so juicy pink and soft
white boy larping as black now 
Transition hun, youre already mindbroken.
If asian males werent meant to troon out then god shouldnt have made them so girly.
told you bbc posters are all mentally ill white dudes kek.
Nobody wants Asians. White bussy is the currency and always will be.
You will adopt whitoid children and they will troon out too
whiteboy finally lost the plot 
Kek. Post some more BBC porn, whiteboy. 
This is your inevitable future. All potential school shooter whiteboys like you need to be put on estrogen and made into cocksleeves asap like good girls.
white boys cant breed yet are the ones getting bred now. funny how life works like that.
Ladyboys aren't popular
Here's random internet article about "queers" as a proof
Anon, stop denying the obvious.
Asian troons pass well because their males are already girly and feminine.
Black troons pass because their females are manly and masculine.
In both cases distance between sexes is small, thus easier to cross.
White troons are only ones who have much harder time passing, because difference between white men and white women is much bigger.
Face it- nonwhite males belong on white cock.
Take your hormones and embrace being a cocksleeve, hun. You will be much happier this way.
NTAYRT but most Asian women have stronger jaws than white boys. Its over.
normie tier meme but edgy with raceplay involved. it's blatantly sucking chad's cock
All white boys dream of sucking cock. Its why 70% of gays in the US are white despite whites being less than 50% of the population. Everyone just wants to fuck white bussy.
 White
Lmfao
The future is black male x Asian boi + whitoid adoption
Post your hand with timestamp kek. You arent black.
Ottoman BVLL
Kara boga
It do be like that
Whiteboys are inherently feminine even according to science. 
Notice how the face becomes more Caucasian as it becomes more feminine and more Asian as it becomes more masculine.
Not surprised given how much BBC posting comes from Turkroaches.
Honestly?
I think the least bbc posting comes from actual blacks.
Youre correct lol.
Ottomans were the ones who perfected eunuch fucking, so no surprise there, lol.
And they all wanted blonde European and Slavic white boys for their harems.
masculine looks scary anyway
Ahhh, pale bussy- the real reason why roaches tried to infest Europe.
Very inconsiderate and rude from Charles Martel to organise army and go on roach stomping.
He isnt Turkish, hes just another larping mentally ill white boy who wont post his flabby pink hand.
So?
My statement is historically accurate nonetheless.
