One swift movement by the femaIe nurse and your suffering is over. Your bloodline will with you and you will have an impotent orgasm to her laughs
*end with you! Sorry, was in too much of a rush to get the message across!
Wtf has been with all the castration porn? Id take the bbc shit over this.
Oh, so NOW you admit that you want black men to impregnate your women? So the truth reveals itself.
reminder these posts are being made by the same people who groomed picrel
That's a literal fucking who lmao
No but its better than this retardation.
Lol you have at it OP
Be careful what you wish for because you might just get it.
Indeed. This is the next logical step for the bottom 95% of males.
YWNBAW no matter how much you try
YWNBAW no matter how much you try
You misunderstand. This bears no relation to the pinkpill. This is about the new and upcoming relationship dynamics between men and women in the western world.
Single-handedly solves the lonely young male problem
Less stress and aggression leads lower crime rate
Solves the rape (by a beta) problem
Eugenics as beta genes won't get passed on
YWNBAW tranny faggot shill.
Dilate and kill yourself faggot.
Women's beta games still get passed on, though.
games
*genes
Women dont have beta genes
You have to go back >>>/lgbt/
Cope and seethe tranny shill
YWNBAW faggot
Chastity, cuckolding, and castration are the future. 
The 3 Cs.
You will kill yourself eventually tranny freak
Woman's beta genes get passed on
The beta son gets neutered on the day of his 18th birthday
No more passing on beta genes
Intact male's alpha genes get passed on
All is well
It's literally a non-issue. Even if woman's beta genes get passed onto their son(s) they get stopped within that very generation. It just creates more eunuch companions to go around among the women, but their beta genes won't spread further.
Please stop with this tranny shit. It's completely irrelevant to this topic.
I'm the OP you dumb fag, I posted the chastity cage not the trannies
Shalom Moshe, changing up the baits I see?
Fuck off and kill yourself tranny faggot shill. 
YWNBAW
Then the woman breeds and makes more betas. You are mentally challenged, the only solution would be kill anyone with inferior genes and only let Chads and Stacys breed.
Sorry m8, my mistake.
Here, have a castration caption for your troubles.
oh nooo a shitskin tranny off'd himself so sad.
his bitch ass deserved it lmao fuck you, fuck OP and fuck that masked punk ass faggot
Society needs betas/working drones though. Neutering is the only viable option to collectively calm them down and prevent them from revolting against the new status quo.
It's not about completely getting rid of betas.
