Fembots, please post your fetishes. Thank you.
Locking a cute boy up and making him watch me fuck a hot guy
no. I won't. die
they are all built for bbc
I am literally in a chastity cage right now femanon. :3
I could definitely believe that hambeast is you
having sex with a shy and awkward robot
I like being verbally degraded, it's so freaking hot kek
do the bulls enjoy this?
What a coincidence, my fetish is wanting to have awkward sex with fembots who like awkward robots, what timezone?
men very enthusiastic about giving oral.
there's this cute boy in my calc class who's always so shy and polite that talks to me sometimes and holy fuck i want to ride his face and pull his hair and have him let me do whatever i want to him.
then after i came enough times i'd kick him out and he'd feel embarrassed and used but would keep coming back for more regardless.
Hotwifing.
I just realised I will never be happy if I cant be a hotwife. Everything else comes snd goes but coming to an idea of man sharing me with his friends and sharing me online is eternal.
I'd do it, I'd even let you lock me in chastity too.
I had sex with an awkward and inexperienced fembot. She had vaginismus and I couldn't get it in her. She screamed every time it went in a little even though I ate her out a bunch and she came twice from it.
Fuck, I wish I was you. I just want to awkwardly have sex with a shy femanon.
I'm going to get called disgusting for this but whatever.
I always get excited whenever a male dog sniffs my crotch like he wants it. It's weird, the idea of getting licked makes me seriously uncomfortable but the few times I've had a dog sniff it for a minute or longer I've gotten super horny.
No idea why.
desu, i wouldnt.
id just focus on fucking the pussy in front of me, paying no attention to the guy in the corner. 
if the pussy is really getting off on degrading the guy, i might join in just to get her off. like, pick her up and place our genetalia right in front of his face. might make him suck my dick and call him a gay fag or something.
I wanted to do it again but she blocked me. I enjoyed hearing her pained screams and next time I was going to lube it up and make sure I got it all the way in her.
what is it with being a fembot and have vaginismus.
every single female friend i've made on this site has had it and recently i suspect i have it too.
is it a consequence of prolonged female virginity?
how'd you find her 
You literally, simply, just know.
That is so lucky m8 seriously how did you meet her?
Honestly I just want the power and looks to have sex with any man I want. I am a virgin but I dream about having endless hookups and affairs with rich attractive men. I also like the ideal of stealing a mans sperm without his knowledge and forcing him to have a kid with me.
Does it only apply to dogs or would it have the same effect if a human male sniffs your crotch?
I'll give you that last fantasy if you're in Europe.
If she got groped by some random nigger on the subway it would probably have the same effect.
I would like to let you do this to me femanon. I would gladly become your simp and your loser.
Kill yourself cunt
Okay what's your disc :3
. o O ( zomg, are these two really going to do stuff together on discord? )
a handsome strong man forcefully kissing me all over y face while I try to push him off but can't because he is so big and strong.
i already have a bf sorry anon
Got any friends who are single and happen to share my fetish in that case?
Do you think this dog is hot? Imagine how protected you would feel taking him on a nice walk.
Heavy degradation, humiliation, abuse and gore. I dont care to elaborate today
How old are you? Most femanons here are 21 or under, those are pretty hardcore for someone that age
nta but with my gf she was just mildly autistic and terrified of pregnancy, whether it was conscious or not, made it very difficult
she wanted to try anal, even, but, unsurprisingly, that is also a hole that resists penetration
I regret being forward about sex with her, honestly, I was just young and thought it was what I was supposed to do. I should have just ate her out more and waited for her to want the dick.
I do not think this is the case
If I had to fuck that pulsing blob of mayonaisse I would have to keep my eyes on the wall in front of me and pretend I'm somewhere else doing anything but that.
You don't think most femanons are that age, or you don't think that's hardcore for that age?
degradation and praise both, slight bondage, physical abuse, armpits (i swear this was a joke that got out of hand)
BBC. BBC. BBC. BBC. BBC. BBC. BBC. BBC. BBC. BBC.
I have none and I have no sexual desires or thoughts whatsoever and I've never experienced arousal in my life that I know of
I was on a malpractice-level dose of risperdal, prozac, and various other crazy pills from age 11-25 and I probably couldn't have an orgasm even if I were strapped to a Sybian on max-power an hour
shy virgin boys i can manipulate
You rang? At least I think you did. You did, right?
Do you think you are worthy of something like picrel or just another acne ridden house dweller
are you cute skinny and lanky. cos youre out of my league if you are.
cute
Nope
skinny 
Yep
Sort of?
1.5/3. Maybe it really was me you called up.
2 words - BLACK ONLY
i have no friends sadly, im on r9k after all
I don't have freaky fetishes or anything like that, I'm just obsessed with creampies. My fantasies are always about getting cummed inside in various ways. I want to treat a man like breeding stock. I want him to let me ride him until he gives me every drop of cum he can produce that day. I want him to feel like his balls belong to me and when he cums it should happen in my pussy. Always. I also like to think we would cum at the same time but it's probably not realistic
Here's an image you may enjoy.
If a man has some level of restraint and is willing to use tools beyond just his penis - even just his hands and fingers - this is absolutely possible. Also requires communication, obviously.
Isn't it probably fake cum anon
Having seen the video it looked real to me. If you have the right diet you can make a lot of jizz.
I have pretty much the same kink except from the other side. I really really really would appreciate a woman like you in my life
I really like criminals, like not just fellons. Like full on killers. Only really ones that aren't as mainstream like Andrew Blaze :p or varg vikerness. Although now varg is an old fuck.
Would you fuck Elliot Rodger?
no, but it's easy pussy. Usually she or her cuck approaches the bull, and asks them pretty directly. The bull will always prefer the husband/bf to be absent. during the hookup. 
This shit almost never goes down like in NTR hentai fantasies. The wife/gf is doing it for her bf/husband; not cause she's just a slutty nympho who wants to cheat. She'd almost always prefer to be monogamous. The Bull isn't a natural bully having fun at the cuck's expense; he's like i mentioned above. The cuck isn't some unwilling victim. He's usually a porn-sick fetishist who is orchestrating the entire situation as a show for himself to enjoy. He's turning his relationship into IRL porn flick for his own pleasure. Ironically, the cuck is the most dominant and alpha person in this situation; it'd be admirable if he wasn't so repugnant.
when I was 11 I was raped at the YMCA and now every time I'm in a locker room of some kind I have an intense urge to masturbate in a toilet or shower stall
male public masturbation, chastity cages, NMCF, CBT, male humiliation in general
I mostly daydream about some overweight schizoid who lives with his parents to come up to me and fuck me right then and there.
I will go to poland and rape your asshole till you cream yourself. Since your pussy is bot rapeable due to you having vaginismus.
Male or female armpits? Cause I like all those things and female armpits and their smell turn me feral
That's sad and freaky. Did you know the assailant?
