Once you hit 30, it's too late femcels. You will never find a nice, strong husband. You will never know what it's like to hear the first words "mommy" coming from your precious first born child. You will never know what it's like traveling with the family you created, going on incredible adventures and truly living life. No, instead you will die alone wageslaving while you despair as a fat alcoholic hag, just existing in nothing but needless suffering. And it's all your fault with no one else to blame other than yourself.
Women will try to involve their asses in anything. She could've done this in any other format like her counting taxes, relaxing or some shit lmao
the wall is nothing but pure redpill cope. a woman in her 30s has infinitely more options than most men of any age.
I can do anything I want in my life and I will always have a romantic option and my loving family because I'm a woman
LOL that is not true at all. Especially by the mid 30s. A childless woman at 35-45 is the single most unhappy demographic.
No, I'm 51 and married and I still get get hit on all the time. Guys never stop pitching. 30 is young. This is a very sad attempt to troll and demoralize young women BTW. So transparent.
No, I'm 51 and married and I still get get hit on all the time. 
tits or gtfo
Yeah this vid is very assy where it doesn't need to be lel.
Thanks, you're funny. Too exhausted to formulate a witty response. Bon nuit
Bringing a tantrum having screaming shit goblin into a world of suffering while having a porn addict husband isn't going to make women feel better either
Guys wanna fuck me so that means having no family by 30 is fine
If you want a family (about 70% of the women who end up "unintentionally childless" do), then you will not find any guys who want a family still chasing you after 30. Even if it is technically possible for you to still have children, those men would rather choose a younger fertile woman. It's kind of how a robot could easily get a hooker or something to have sex. That doesn't fix any of his problems though, because what he really wants is the validation and fulfillment that comes with being chosen for sex, not just sex.
I met my husband at age 36 and had kid at age 40. I wouldn't recommend it though. I was lucky but 40 is too old to safely procreate. Best to freeze your eggs and get a young guy to fertilize them if you don't have a sucker lined up in your 30s
Any medical intervention with regards to reproductive organs shouldn't be trusted. You can't unsnip your balls, IVF is extremely expensive and unreliable, and neovaginas grow teeth out of them. Never let a doctor do anything to your privates if they are functioning normally.
I'm 32 with assets (own car and home) and the femcel cope on dating apps is beyond real. In my mid 20's I'd be lucky to get even 2 women to talk to. Now on Bumble I get hundreds of likes from women in their 30's when they find out I have my own place. In my conversations with women I very much get the impression that they all intended to either marry rich early or had some kind of delusion about making big money in some deadshit career. One girl I spoke to has a degree in deep sea research and yet works part time in a grocery shop at 33. The other has a dietician degree with dreams of "starting own practice" yet lives in a sharehouse with 3 other people and works part time in a school lab. All these women obtained their "education" years ago however have done nothing with it or simply can not find work. The rest are either teachers who want to be impregnated ASAP/are fucking crazy or Poojeeta doctors who want white dick but are never in the same location for more than 6 months because "muh studies". 
This is not a flex or anything, rather a pathetic realisation that all that is left for us are the absolute losers of society. The women that were pumped and dumped young and have no greater aspiration other than to ride off of the success of their future partner's hard work. I am envious of my friends who have had loving partners for 10+ years while I am weening my way through women who live paycheck to paycheck and complain about money, but are leasing a 2023 Mazda SUV and has "a tattoo addiction haha, seriously look at this dancing avacoda it's soo funny and like totes me hahah". 
I worked hard to get to where I am - why must I settle for far less? /blog
you replied to the wrong post grandma
I think you have until about thirty five to have a kid safely if you're healthy. If you don't want kids you can get married even at my age as a woman. The men all come with baggage though because they are divorced and have kids usually. And if they don't, have an ex wife and/or kids at that point, something is wrong with them.
Fuck you cuntwad
You will never know what it's like to hear the first words "mommy" coming from your precious first born child.
Thank God
No, instead you will die alone wageslaving while you despair as a fat alcoholic hag
Self employed, healthy weight, have never and will never drink alcohol
I hope you find a woman worthy of you anon it just really isn't fair to you. Have you tried moving? Sometimes you just gotta go somewhere else because there aren't any good women in an area.
Nope and cope, becoming a mother makes white women more miserable.
White women with children demonstrate the biggest deficit in happiness compared to their childless White female counterparts
In addition, the data revealed that the difference in parental happiness among women is present among White women but not Black women. This result suggests that Black mothers may be more resilient in terms of their happiness despite facing additional challenges.
https://www.psypost.org/2023/04/new-study-on-race-happiness-and-parenting-uncovers-a-surprising-pattern-of-results-78101
time for grandma to take her happy pills
That doesn't really prove anything because it controls for age. All that says is that for all white women, having kids does not make them more happy. However that doesn't mean that it making them more happy or not is not correlated or related to age. So you can have 20 year olds who are more unhappy with kids and 40 year olds who are more unhappy without kids and this study has absolutely nothing to say on that difference. It could literally be that having kids at 20 is so difficult that their unhappiness outweighs the unhappiness childless 40 year olds feels. In fact that is certainly the case because there are way more 20 year old single mothers than there are 40 year old childless women.
Thats only because white *****women***** are allergic to responsibility and effort
Time to dust off your dick for another lonely night of jerking off + drinking yourself to death surrounded by empty takeout boxes
I have a hole that you can't fuck
Granny this might have worked 3 decades ago
Idk man, I just turned 30 and would much rather a girl my age than younger. I've started to become /fit/ recently so I'll probably go back into the dating pool when I feel good about my body but it's been so long since I've actually tried that idk what to expect from other 30 year Olds.
"Can we normalize this?" 
Basically saying 
I am so perfect, that all of society should follow suit
A woman in her thirties without children has already lost and is trying to salvage her life as soon as possible. Anything else is cope.
has already lost
lost what? and as opposed to what, a man in his 30s who is still on his way to hitting his prime when he's a bald 70 year old?
drinking yourself to death surrounded by empty takeout boxes
pure projection grandma. i dont even know why you're butthurt when you are only repeating what i said anyway. women really are retarded, especially old ones.
a woman in her 30s has infinitely more options than most men of any age.
Yep, nobody can disprove this. She can always settle and let's be honest, most of us would step up given the chance.
You are a hole, no one wants your shriveled up Totinos pizza roll
OP projecting on women the feels and remorses he is already experiencing on himself
Another day on /r9k/
Mt mom birthed me at 32 and my grandma Birthed my dad when she was 45. All of my family members who birthed in their 20s never travelled because they were boring basic shits. My mom did, we trsvelled a lot with her but frankly she regrets being a mother altogether. Idk what I am supposed to learn from all of this, I think I prefer to live my own life okay. I want to build a house and grow a mulberry garden and I dont care about wombgoblins.
I'm sure you're enjoying a nice Riesling with your gf while giving out sage life advice for young women on the most pathetic board there is. You win, I'm going to bed. :)
on the most pathetic board there is
Yet you post here, hypocrite.
A childless woman at 35-45 is the single most unhappy demographic.
COPE
that would be autistic virginal incels. we have a monopoly on suffering, misery and depression. NOBODY touches us. we are the untouchables
You win
i accept your defeat, know your place before you post here again you dumb bitch
AHHAHAHAHAHHAHA
the wall doesnt exist. trust me, females will ALWAYS have an endless amount of males to choose from
cope harder
the biological wall is real tho, once ur like 40 ur not really having kids. but you can adopt, thats rewarding
Can we start to normalize this?
Unless that's sarcasm, this is already normal.
Grandma needs her diaper changed thats why she flinging her shit around lmao
Some serious cope women in their 30s are literally at their peak. Especially this generation cause they dont really smoke or do hard drugs
What's wrong with that? I've already accepted I'll die unloved and a virgin. I'm just volcel at this point. Relationships are for the mentally stable
Some serious cope women in their 30s are literally at their peak
huh?
Especially this generation cause they dont really smoke or do hard drugs
HUH?!
Millennials are literally fun sponges dude. Theyre Disney adults, the craziest thing they do is have mimosas at brunch on a Saturday. 
I wish people like this would just admit their pedos and move on. Like stop blaming your weird fetishization of youth on women. We get it you didnt have highschool love so now you wanna make up for being a loser by fucking 16 year olds. But just say that my dude. Also thats not even the real
That graph is very skewed like most statics
I'm 31 and, yeah, young women are attractive, but who the fuck would want to spend time with them? What am I supposed to do with a 20 year old, do tiktoks?
Shouldn't it be "can we normalize this?" instead of "can we start to normalize it?"
What we should be saying is "can we fight this" rather than "can be normalize this" but people are so cucked they think their oppression is somehow their individual doing and not a greater class struggle.
What am I supposed to do with a 20 year old, do tiktoks?
People have a diverse variety of personalities, regardless of age.
Not sure why your views on people are too black-and-white to see that, but I guess that's incels for you.
I wish people like this would just admit their pedos and move on. Like stop blaming your weird fetishization of youth on women. We get it you didnt have highschool love so now you wanna make up for being a loser by fucking 16 year olds. But just say that my dude. Also thats not even the real
notice how ALL MEN find youth attracive. from old men, sexually active men, virginal incels, giga-chads, normies. pic related is a fucking brain scan study
ALL MEN. and stop calling us pedophiles, were not pedophiles. pedophiles like pre-pubescent girls you fucking retard. how fucking stupid are you. i dont find 11 year old attractive. im not a fucking pedo. teenage girls are capable of biological reproduction, historically have been wives and had children at that age for thousands of years
you fucking retard. everyone from chads, to normies, to simps. yes. even literal cuckold simps want a young youthful girl
learn to take the L and accept the fact that men dont find you attractive you used up hag. you love dabbing on incel losers and passing out L's, but you cant hold your own L's
You are parhetic, cut your balls off.
You are childless and alone
bitches resisting the urge to plead for "normalisation" of anything thats currently shitty about their lives
most men are like that. most men are desperate for any attention and affection for females, you retard
who props up the multi-billion stripper industry and is the main clientele?
who props up the multi-billion prostitute industry and is the main clientele?
who gives all this money to e-girls, twitch girls, cam girls?
who are the main clientele and main financers of onlyfans?
men are pathetic and desperate for love. its how we were designed, how we were biologically evolved to be
i wish i was as cold and independent as women, but i cant stop my biology
Yeah and youre a faggot bitch 
Now kill yourself
They wouldnt talk to you anyway, maybe you should think more about 40 year old single moms instead.
not an argument. getting mad and just hurling insults at me, with no thoughts or points to make, or opinions to share, is really pathetic, and shows just how shallow you are intellectually
Its the beta buxxers who are pathetic
Uh huh 
Anything to justify your abnormal behavior kek 
Im not thirty but I find thirty year old women so hot and cute. Like theyre confident but complimenting them in any way makes them light up. Any thirty year old women see this and want a 21 year old gf, pls let me call you mommy. I will even try to fight your ex husband. Im not scary or anything but I will try just so I can impress you. Dont listen to these freak jobs, I wanna lick your tiger stripes until I pass out.
FUCK I LOVE MILFS FUCK 
WHY YALL SMELL SO NICE AND HAVE THAT GORGEOUS TAN SKIN. WHY ARE YOUR THIGHS SO FUCKING NICE. WHY DO YOU HAVE TO HE SO HOT 
Only heathens and weirdos dont find older women attractive
Men really do have life on easy mode. Why does society hate femcels so much?
Women have a much harder time than autistic men. Google the wall
She looks like she goes running every day and want her to squish my head with her thighs
Anything to justify your abnormal behavior kek
abnormal
society, culture, and normies dont dictate morality
it used to be perfectly normal to be born a slave, be raped, watch your father be killed for disrespecting his slave owner, and be sold to another slave owner, separating you from your forced slave wife
what is normal is necessarily moral. we kill animals by the millions, but its normal. you fucking moron
theres on justication for thinking its immoral. 18 years olds can make their own decisions
Im not thirty but I find thirty year old women so hot and cute
cool. but most men find youth attractive
Like theyre confident but complimenting them in any way makes them light up
thats nice, but most men find old ran through hags, who had their best sexual experiences with other men, have croes feet and winkles, have a nasty pussy, and all of their love memories with other men repulsive
Any thirty year old women see this and want a 21 year old gf, pls let me call you mommy
the only men who find old women attractive are dommymommy fetishists. this also proves the wall as non-existent, because there will always be men who fetishize women
the wall doesnt exist. i provided evidence for my claims. statistics as well
and its much better to love and lost then never love at all. many incels will die virgins. women, its not the case
and women dont even need men. its men who need women, pic related, men's lives get MUCH better with love. women, not so much
Blah blah 
Just some incel cope cause you cant get pussy. Dont care. I dont have a mommy kink but still find 30 year old women attractive. Because they are emotionally mature and know what they want. They have hobbies and skills. Your skin also does break down in collagen till your 40. So most thirty year old women dont have wrinkles unless they smoked, did drugs, or drank heavily. If they take care of themselves they look about the same as most women do
It kind of just shows you dont spend a whole lot of time around women
many incels will die virgins
by choice. femcels don't have those same options in their 30s. do you know about the wall?
kek you old bags are doomed
"Can we start to normalize this?"
This sums up the essential problem we face today. Constant comparison with others.
If this was actually normalized, if 90% of women were like that, that girl wouldn't feel bad about it.
We've reached a point where we don't even control our own judgements.
Men's reproductive value also declines with age, coom brain.
im pretty sure males can sire children into their 90's
not that it matters
you have life on easy mode
Whatever, fuckface. I'm glad you'll never reproduce.
Sperm deteriorates, deforms and becomes less viable as men age. How can you not know this, ignoramus.
30 yo
no house
She probably deserves it, you need to be incredibly dumb with your finances or spend most of your twenties in academia or not working which is lazy and retarded.
Probably retarded overspending and consumerism
or spend most of your twenties in academia or not working which is lazy and retarded
This is pretty much the rule in my country.
Sure, having a husband sounds cool but I really dont want children. Thats the only reason Im in my late 20s and still single. I just dont feel like I ever want to take care of those. I really rather stay single and work. Feels bad.
Women here either hate themselves or can't imagine dedication to taking care of another being other than themselves. Some note significant risks with finding the right person, and that's ok. Otherwise they just want to be a cumrag.
You think you're the only female with a butt, foid? 
lol
I'm going to be living with my parents until I am in my 30s because I can't afford a house in a safe area on just my income.
That's my plan at least, she could just get a partner and suddenly she can afford to live anywhere on a double income.
nuit in your turdwhore ass. stretch open that gutter mouth slut
and let's be honest, most of us would step up given the chance
Absolutely delusional. Most of us would rather rot away in solitude than settle for a ran-thru whore.
I'm childfree and have a bf of a decade and a loving family that kisses my ass. I'm the apple of my parents eye and their only daughter. Everybody loves me and all I have to do is exist
Unless you live in the middle of nowhere, most people in their 30's are still renting. And rent is so high they can barely even afford that.
You're right, you should find a nice girl your own age and pay off her student loans for her.
not being able to get in a relationship doesn't classify you as femcel, get that in your thick skull
Is this supposed to make me feel bad? I don't want a family. I want to die alone (why would I want anyone I cared about to watch me die). I don't drink and I'm fairly active, so it's unlikely that I'll become a 'fat alcoholic hag'.
Also there are options one can take in life besides having a family and wageslaving, if you're not low IQ.
Ah, listen! It's the plaintive croaking of the anonymous toad!
Nigga my Mom gave birth to twins at 37. These days with in vitro fertilisation its not uncommon for women to give birth in their 40s.
30 is old, the chance of defects become significant and rise exponentially, it takes several years to meet someone, get to know them, warm up to each other and get married, then it takes years to have several children. 25 is the maximum age really for a serious relationship.
it used to be tits, now men are more interested in asses so they changed it up
they're so fucking predictable
I am not a femcel I am a proud volcel!
I am a proud anti-breeder!
I will never kiss!
I will never date!
I will never have sex!
I pledge allegiance to anti-breeder society!
How are you going to prevent anti-breeder society from going extinct and your genes from dying with you? I'm considering becoming a donor and cuckoomaxxing.
I'm 33 and finally got everything in place; house, career, car, and savings. I want a woman in her early 20s so I can have a big family that she will sahm for. Maybe I'll settle for a 30 year old if I'm still unmarried by 45 but I won't truly cherish her. A lot of things have to go very wrong for a woman to still be unmarried by 30. She'd have to intentionally be avoiding good men. Men's standards are so abysmally low these days that a woman's age can reliably tell you everything about her after a certain point.
Just from coworkers the zoomers are usually happy and interesting to talk to. Women my age are depressed dullards that can't hold a conversation. Zoomers are actually doing stuff. A 30f thinks Netflix and chill is the best date imaginable. They're fat and lazy. I want to go to the lake or hiking. Good luck finding a 30-something woman that can walk 5 miles only carrying a water bottle without complaining.
Sub 8 men hit the wall at birth. If you are an unattractive or even just average man, it was over for you before it even began.
