Its simple. If I dont own a house or atleast some land by the time I am 40 I will kill myself. No point in going on in life if I cant manage such a task.
Gl bro. Make sure to keep in mind all the utility costs and such. Also, try not to take as many loans as possible (unless you're american.) Paying for things at full cost at once than over time also helps in you accumulate more savings and less headaches to worry about. Godspeed, anon.
You should definitely be able to own property by age 40. That's not much of a goal.
I keep making shitty mistake after shitty mistake and I come from a low income family. Even the thought of it seems silly to me.
Best you can realistically hope for is a maybe a run-down shack in some fentanyl-scourged middle of nowhere hellhole. Zero percent chance that you'll be able to accumulate the capital to own property anywhere anyone would actually want to live if you don't already have it.
Better than nothing. I really dont want to be a dead beat man child all my life.
What do you mean by "own"? you mean actually paid off? or do you mean having a mortgage and stuff? I doubt most people really own their houses nowadays, most are still paying for it, your kids will probably end up paying the house you buy, by then you'll be long gone.
Would be a complete Pyrhhic victory for me but whatever keeps you alive I suppose
People who are 40 now have given up on owning property, and it's not just the idiot takeout orderers with 10 streaming subscriptions
I'm 31 and I own nothing at all and gave up on the prospect of ever owning a house or land in Canada.
what do you mean you keep making "shitty mistakes"??? you dont own nothing,all you have to do is to get a decent job and stop spending on stupid crap
I keep wasting my time on jobs that lead no where.
Sure, it's streaming services that have driven the market cost of real estate through the roof, them and those pesky fast food establishments.
Not to mention big avo on toast corporations and the bath bomb capitalists cornering the low end areas.
ok but before that make sure you take some asshole boomer who owns 5 houses he dosen't even use with you
Thats the plan. Cant really say much here actually.
and what would you consider a job that "leads to nowhere"?its not like your gonna get your salary raised or get a better position within the company for working there longer,its not the 1980s anymore
Its simple. If I dont own a house or atleast some land by the time I am 40 I will kill myself.
I would only encourage you to not wait so long
I dont want to be some punk ass assistant operator working for $15 an hour only to have it be bumped to $16 an hour in 9 damn months. I am not opposed to working hard but nigger I am not wasting time like that.
do you have a college degree or any profitable skills?because otherwise what you describe would be ok
No and honestly I am not smart enough for ether.
you dont need to be smart to get a degree nowadays save a few exceptions,but its not like one of those would help you much desu
