Its fucking over mang
bro is a hamster
that's literally average
6 inches?? wow you must be so short anon kun im sure you could set a world record with that. how did you even type this? by jumping over the keyboard with your little feet? hahaha youre so small!!!
exactly fucking kill me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pB2sZ1YbTqY [Embed]
fuck off Warwick or I'm going to kick you in the head
It won't matter because most men have 5 inches on me anyway.
Here's your (YOU) faggot and now some advice.
insecure person try becoming secure and confident in your own skin otherwise idk what to tell you? Kill yourself? if your THAT upset about it jeesus but what loser would do that over their pee pee size, maybe if you were less than like 4 inches then understandable but cmon.
listen to this:
11854321231185432123 
243243 2435666352 22463736263718293847361!!!!!!`1``111@?????
unironically i feel so sad for you few who have dont have a big dick and think youre ngmi all because you have put sex on such a pedestal. any worthwhile women wouldnt turn you away because of something so shallow. sex truly isnt everything.
fuck FUCK I'M GONNA KILL MYSELF
Im op and i have sex at least once a day usually twice and my gf says im just fine but i want to be the biggest she's ever had man
if she asks for more then it's frankly her problem and not mine
.__. really nigger
you have a gf that clearly enjoys having sex with you, twice a day even. yet you still come here because youre insecure. 
i understand the desire to want to please more but you need to learn to accept it. what if you were bigger? you would probably hurt her. she is obviously contented, there is no need to fuss over such a thing. having a gf that wants to have sex with you two times a day should be reassurance enough, definitely not the type this board could ever give you. 
i know it is easier said than done, but practicing acceptance and looking at the straight facts which are
that should be enough cmon
Im not posting this for reassurance
Im saying there exists none for me
Above average and complaining. Kill yourself
who gives a flying fuck if she enjoys it or not? you make them enjoy it for job security which you clearly have
you made it
HAHAHA
Yes, honey. Your dick isn't the largest, but it's just okey-dokey!! If you were only 2 inches larger she'd start praising you how big you are. But you're just mediocre
I'm literally 4.5" girth and refuse to enter the sexual marketplace because of it, don't even joke.
I mean she does call it big but still
I have a 3" girth and still have gfs date Asians lol
dick thats too big is fucking painful, youre fine. porn has poisoned retarded virgin minds into thinking pounding directly into a cervix with an oversized dick feels good, when its the most unpleasant thing imaginable
You are like Usain Bolt saying being fast is overrated fuck off
Type this on google videos
Intitle:teen big cock site:xvideos.com
Then observe as these obvious underages(that say they are 18+ to the websites) are taking 8 inchers like champions, cope more. Women are also masochistic a dick hurting her makes her like it even more.
