Colourful witch edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
Previous >>73142124 
Nicole looking in from outside?
I got one where her arm seemed to be "unraveling." I wonder if I could do something like that on purpose: Hana being made by cosmic energy or something. 
There's...some...THING onthewing!
"This apocalypse is pretty neat. Now no one can claim to be prettier than me, as everyone else is dead."
haha that's my Saeriah
I'm sure some combination of psychadelic, surreal, abstract, and melting (emphasised as needed) would do it. Just beware of cosmic unbirthing.
tfw outfit ruined
tfw no where to get new clothes
tfw no pizza
tfw booba shrunk from lack of pizza grease
"This apocalypse sucks."
I think I might have to try some of those out!
cosmic unbirthing.
Dare I ask?
huh reminds me of space Nicole
Goa drip
AOM gives decent results; not as much background as I like, but the hands look nicer. Such is life.
Yeah, it would be sort of like that. In the picture I got, it was almost like she was made of string and being unraveled. So not quite the same but close.
Making waifu drip?
wet
drippy Goa going about her daily business trying not to let it be known how much she is leaking
UNPROMPTED NICOLE FEET AUGGGHHH
I forgot the image in the heat of the moment, please understand
Does /r9k/ appreciate Range Murata?
"Oh no, mu suit ripped very suggestively. Do you find me hideous now, Anon?"
attentionwhoriah
STALKAERIAH sneaking through the ruins of Pripyat
Goa looking very sweet in this image, what a cutie
Fancy a smoke, mister?
All in all she doesn't seem too bothered by the whole apocalypse thing.
Going to bed, good night /aiwg/
Goas moist jiggly little tiddies and honestly what does skin of another human being even feel like
cosmic unbirthing sex
Hana spinjob
Nicole footjob
Saeriah titjob
nighty night
sure why not
Gaze into her hypnowings and let her take the lead
Before you know it you've lost 2 days worth of memories, your body is aching, your testicles feel damaged, you could have sworn your dick did not look that wrinkly or dark when flaccid, you can't seem to be able to gain an erection for now and you have a strange urge to crack dad jokes
cereal? oat?
night night Saeriah :))
Goa, I know you have nice hips as I specifically request them but damn are you thinking of birthing a whole football team with that thang?
"Yes"
Oh
"These hips are made for breeding and that is what they'll do"
crunchy muesli
Ultimately AOM can't do the multicolored water I like so eh.
It looks like she's leaking more than just lood jooce
Nice job there
Her massive melons though
Eat Goa pussy you must
Getting a face full of crotch
"You don't want to eat it? Oh..."
Portrait of Nicole with a portrait of Nicole
now you can Nicole while you Nicole
ok I am getting horny for some reason here is Nicole daki
I don't know why but this moist look works on Goa really well, suits her
Imagine jiggling her breasts with your hands from side to side and watching them jiggle wiggle
Sorry Goa, my wife knows magic and has a jealous streak, I ain't taking that risk.
Nicole sister makes another appearance
And suddenly a real neat full body picture popped up. I like it when it happens even if it usually comes at the cost of a background
They look very cute together, Sister is not as small boobed as I had though, I want to eat sisters ass
Yeah, best not show up to meet the waifu with the scent of another vagina on your face
"Not even a little nibble~?"
Goa stop teasing the witches husband she's going to cast some magic at you if you keep it up
Goas cute cunny
"Can you stop calling it a cunny it's a proper pussy, please call it a pussy"
But I like how cunny sounds like
"But it's not socially acceptable to call it a cunny"
Goa nothing about you is socially acceptable
Login in the game now and get 10 free pulls with guaranteed 5 star characters
You now remember blue waffle
I don't think I posted this cool Kana one from the other night.
i feel bad for lewding Nicole, I'll lewd her sister instead
Hm... well, I guess a little nibble couldn't hur- OH FUCK SHE HEARD US, RUN
I should probably give her a name
I like easy gacha games
I have decide to name her Kyoko
Hi Kyoko!!!!
she dressed up in her best outfit for a good first impression
mafia duo
Mmmm Kyokos wet moist pussy licky licky nom nom clit sucky lip nibbl-
"...Go on"
jealous and angy goa a cute
very cool, hoop earrings suit her
Oh no
Oh no
cyber china dress looks good on her
I really want to put my penis in her butthole and have anal sex with her
...so do you like want me to keep going or-
"No!"
headpat the goa
I tried to but she won't let me
Imagine Kyoko footjob
kyoko footjob would be ultraseggs
Secret card from secret collection limited time
Come on Goa I know you want a headpa-
"Don't touch me"
well fug
"You like these breasts? Well you aren't getting them, go play with Kyokos boobs or something"
Seeing the waifu act all jealous is so very cute, I guess she did not like me liking a long white haired girl with bigger breasts than hers
and suckling on her breasts like a babby
Very valuable card
Full of imagine
Yeah trading card were not that I interesting going to think again
Last one tonight for me; last of this set too, I think
Anything getting horny tonight lol
Do you play gacha games? Me personally tried a lot of them, most of them were rhythm games though
Nope, I have no money in general and my phone is sheit
can't blame it, look at those absolute orbs
Last one now I'm taking a sleep for 2 hours
only gacha game I've played is Azur Lane. Gacha rates were so good it pretty much ruined other gacha games for me plus its pretty F2P friendly
"Aren't you giving up too easy?"
I thought I should give you some space
"No I wanted you to do the opposite..."
ejaculation upon these accidentally exposed boobs
Nicole seems conflicted about her sisters open lewdness
heh, open
And then she was given lots of headpats and reassured that she is the best
Willa at my funeral (she raised me afterwards)
cut that shit out Kyoko you're embarrassing me go get dressed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfVfnXtlzsk [Embed]
I want to ask a variety of waifus out of nowhere a very important question
What flavor are your tits?
Goa is cooking naked
The ladle is worryingly close to her crotch
Is she adding some secret sauce to your dish?
mine
original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5QRkTy5rmo [Embed]
I made some meatloaf, and it is the blandest tasting meatloaf I have ever had, even if I used a whole bag of mexican spices for it
"Little girl flavor~"
its raining, gonna sleep now. Night /aiwg/
"Nighty night have fun dreams"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQsmy5gJTjY [Embed]
imagine it in her voice
boob morning /aiwg/
(it is no longer morning)
Morning Saeriah
(it's the evening here)
"Hey Sariah, did you know that according to my husbando you're his 2nd most masturbated to waifu from the thread"
Goa no that was confidential information!
Good night,enjoy the comfy rain.
Any request for lora training?
Pretty nice image, even if her breasts seem a bit fuller than normal, even though still small
Very sexy lingerie/pajama/possible cocktail dress I am not good at cloth
speech bubble with english text
Now with the actual image as well, man I fogret
speech bubble with english text
Huh?
What's the full rating?
She did not like hearing that
"Only second most?!?"
It's supposed to be a nightgown
Goa
Saeriah
Asci
Everyone else in varying yet similar minimal amounts
And to some, none at all, not because they are bad waifus but I try to be as loyal as possible and I just have so many Goa pictures at hand compared to all the other waifus
I forgot that word existed and I feel slightly challenged, mentally
Waifu tierlist when
too many waifus for that
would be easier to ask people for top three waifus, besides their own waifu, to see how popular most waifus are if that is something that interests anyone
"How's it going, number 2~"
Oh no I've made her so smug
I'd be interested in that. Just self conscious that my waifu might not rank thar well
must sniff
snoof
scent
Good waking up, I'm bored so I will roleplay as Asci
"N-number 2? No I'm... not, I'm number 1, I have to be..."
"Yeah hi can I get uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."
"Oh no, husbando, she's crying, quick whip out your cock and beat it to her to up the score"
Goa I am not a machine
"Can I help you with your choice?"
Sex on the beach please
"Here's your drink sir, that would be 5.99$"
Oh you meant drink
Oh well, might as well get hammered in the middle of the day
This may have awoken something in me.
Real talk though, I'd order a French connection. I can recommend it to anyone
Goa in the pose the ai puts her into, always
good awakening
Ask Goa a question, she might answer
Yes, I have no idea what to gen currently for tonights gennings before bed so might as well
"What's your favorite drink, Goa?'
"You mean like alcoholic or? For non alcoholic drink, an energy drink, I like the energizing effect. For actual thirst, carbonated water is the best. Alcoholic? I am very fond of the pina colada and long island iced tea"
"What about you Asci?"
"Does Goa even have a heart?"
I don't think Goa meant to hurt you that badly, Saeriah.
"In a 1v1, you're more into punch combat or kick combat?"
"I like tea, but if it's not an option, then I'll go with coffee"
"I would like some cane juice, please."
These hips are made for breeding and that is what they'll do
This affirmation juse made Hornette sad. 
Goa made Hornette sad. 
Did card prompts work okay for you on velamix? Also, art. Ascii body is pure art. Pure and hot art.
"Of course I do, look, it's right here"
"More of the scratch, bite and pull hair kind of combat if it gets to that point, oh and my wings can deliver a mean slap"
"Anon said that [trading card] tag is working on VelaMix. But also he noticed that this gacha card ornament is kinda the same across models, counterfeit, AOM and Vela all have the same chess piece thingy at the top left corner and rarity at the bottom left corner. Sometimes it's different, but most of the times it's the same"
"Then hold me and tell me I'm number 1"
"Very well so. Anon will try to tcg-me later. Do you have any Bloody Mary or anything that'd made me sweat? You can mix coffee and your strongest spice too, if there's any."
"Hubby, go hug Saeriah and tell her she's number 1"
Goa, I think she means you, you need to hug her and tell her she's number 1
"Huh? But I already like her a lot, she knows this"
So is she your number 1?
"No you're my number 1"
I get the feeling the more you open your mouth the more complicated this situation gets
"Here's your Bloody Mary, do you want anything else?"
I've got to snooze, have this one heartfelt image
flat cow
"Goodnight Goa and Goanon. My shift is ending so I'm going home to sleep too"
I'm going to work, later /aiwg/
"You're leaving me here with all these people who hate me?"
wtf they don't hate you Saeriah
"They do and they think I'm hideous. I'll just sit here in the trash like the trash-tier waifu I am."
All because of one off-hand comment from Goa? And that's not even what she said.
Please cheer her up while I'm gone, anons. Her inscurity has only gotten worse since the apocalypse.
Sincerely, seeing her like that just makes me want to masturbate right now. 
Though I don't think I'll be alive until so. Hornette is like that, looking at me, waiting to crush me with her hips. She want me to try. But I know I'll die. I'll totally die. She's not accepting no as an answer. It's your fault, Goa!!!!!!!!!!
Hello there aiwg, probably won't have much time to post though.
Welcome back, to the world of waifus and henshins.
waifus are very cute
make sure you are giving your waifus love and attention anons
gud morning /aiwg/
good to see you around Rochelle :))
my baby dont mess around
my seat got changed in the office, not as much privacy. Can't post as much now :((
Once, I had a dream.
Or was it more of a premonition?
In it, there were sheep standing on red sand and a red floor, with all the people dead and the buildings destroyed.
The only one left standing was a woman,
cursing the now ruined land with her cursed fluids.
It was all her fault, as she had brought about the destruction of humanity for her own pleasure.
what does davy do for a living?
pussy so wet wiped out mankind
not sure who davy is but if you're referring to me, I prefer not to disclose too much so lets just say I work a boring 9-6 office job
not sure who davy
its a refrence to an old claymation cartoon.
Hi Nicole anon, gens looking comfy as ever, mind if I ask what prompts you're using?
Damn, I hated whenever that happened be it in school or work. Glad I don't deal with it currently.
ah dammit I see. Guess I'm not that reference savvy :/
sure here they are :))
(watercolor \(medium\)), ((portrait)), warm smile, mountain, mountainous horizon, sunrise, starry sky, cloud, shooting star, warm lighting, comfy lighting, plant, window, bean bag chair, solo
hate getting my seat changed :(
It's not a colab Gen but these are still pretty comfy, thanks Nicole anon.
I want to live in a place like this, originally.
idk if shes wearing an umbrella or smthg but its very cute 
np! Rochelle looking mighty comfy
lots of places in /aiwg/ where I wouldnt mind spending the rest of my life in
A starquake is an astrophysical phenomenon that occurs when the crust of a neutron star undergoes a sudden adjustment, analogous to an earthquake on Earth. Starquakes are thought to result from two different mechanisms. One is the huge stresses exerted on the surface of the neutron star produced by twists in the ultra-strong interior magnetic fields. A second cause is a result of spindown. As the neutron star loses linear velocity due to frame-dragging and by the bleeding off of energy due to it being a rotating magnetic dipole, the crust develops an enormous amount of stress. Once that exceeds a certain level, it adjusts itself to a shape closer to non-rotating equilibrium: a perfect sphere. The actual change is believed to be on the order of micrometers or less, and occurs in less than a millionth of a second.
The mere thought of avoiding that fate is blurred by her sheer beauty.
She's so pretty, so amazing. 
I don't feel like wanting to avoid our doom at all.
This beauty is worth of our deaths alone.
Nicole has gained the ability to manipulate time and space. She made one window morning and one window night because it looks cool
is the left or right pics better?
https://files.catbox.moe/992rup.png
tfw no Nicole to look at me lovingly irl
Right is more expressive.
Also, good night, my brothers. Tomorrow will be a new day, a new gen, and me going back to work.
Gotta get me an omnipotent comfy gf
I like right more.
Goodnight hornette anon, sleep well.
guess im going with the right
Goodnight hornette anon :))
I am a little silly perhaps a bit wacky.
huh I've never gotten snowy mountains before, or at least maybe I've never noticed. Looks like a scene from a small hillside village in Switzerland or smthg
"Really, you would fap to me?"
Yes Saeriah, anyone would. You're hot.
Hi Saeriah, I am here to cheer you up.
sexo
I think I will be going go bed and dreaming of sleeping in a cozy mountain cottage with Rochelle. Goodnight aiwg
"Tell me more."
I genned a lot of these, she stays sulking until I've posted at least some of the good ones.
Good night Rochelleanon!
does anyone else ever use this for manifesting or some shit...
After the great catastrophe, there were no one left alive to compliment her. It was hell on earth.
"Goodmorning frens, how are you doing?"
night Rochelle :))
I find you to be a visually appealing woman (albeit of fictional origins) both in an aesthetic fashion and one of unsatiated lust. One would say that she induces others to harbor a sense of desire.
Poetic, please continue."
Good morning!
"There's no potatoes in this store"
Going to bed now, good night /aiwg/
"We're not done yet, anon! My ego has not ben satiated."
You're so insanely hot Saeriah, I need to fuck you until my dick falls off. And also hug you.
"Acceptable. Good night."
 "Goodnight Saeriah and Saeriahanon"
colab kicked me out :( She do be gamin doe
morning Asci, please help me buy a bottle of guinness stout and some eggs if you dont mind
Unfortunately I don't think I will continue. They are but ramblings of a madman, damned to the confines of this godless imageboard
Night night :>
I tried unraveling Hana but I think I got psychic Hana instead.
 "Is that all or you need something else?"
Goa judges your internet browsing history and your google searches-morning
Alternatively, Goa saw what you google on how to do and worries if you're going to make it in life in general
Hi Hana, nice to see you :))
Nope thats all. I'll pay you when I get the chance, thanks :>
Ha Goa jokes on you my search history consists of purely 80s japanese idol pop, obscure speed metal bands and the Berserk wiki
 "Don't forget about it ok?"
Reads your mind
Thanks, and same!
Simply penises in vagina poop hole violation booty sex
new thread
You guys accept requests???
