One of the hottest online relationships I ever had was with a BPD girl that rarely bathed and abused me verbally. It really made me realize I love insane, unhygienic women. Fembots would you date a guy as broken as me?
Yes I wood
Appreciate it femanon. Really made my night!
one of the hottest online relationships I had was also with a bpd girl, she was truly hypersexual and she humped her pillow like eight times a day and came within a minute. only ever used imagination and never watched porn or listened to audio stuff.
And she was just hot as hell like damn
If you're not fat and/or masc sure
Bpd women are worthless subhuman garbage but my best sexual memories are when I told a woman to skip a shower and not use deodorant.
I love BPD girls, they're just as human as you or I
I don't know about you but they are far less human than me. Evil incarnate, never again.
No, you are used goods, I always come first.
Super reasonable
mental disorders r a normalfag form of social control
The thing is that their hypersexuality is most feigned. They use it to bribe and trade your sensible boundaries or confuse your emotions when you aren't doing something they want. An example would be you telling her no about something, her immediately hopping on your dick, and then within an hour reasking you about the thing you declined and if you say no again she will make you feel guilty because she gave you sex. Almost like she can yank back her sexual enthusiasm like some kind of time editor and wont give it back unless you behave the way she wants
The masochist in me is totally fine with all of that
I also am an insane unhygenic woman enjoyer. Wish I could find one that would stick around. I want one to use me and abuse me.
damn, bpd makes women human if only for a time
Yeah
BPD makes women capable of love (temporarily and in a psychotic way)
Non-bpd women are not capable of unconditional love. Unconditional love itself is an irrational and insane thing. Men have it because it's in male biology. 
Normal women cannot love men. They can love their children though.
Yep. Most retards here barely understand what it truly is to date a BPD. Life spiralled into a fucking disaster until I took back control of it
didn't read lol
*not capable
