im to autistic to fucking understand this shit i mean sure were all depressed retards but why the fuck are you all cutting yourself open
For me, it provided relief when I was dealing with prolonged, overwhelming emotions. I don't do it anymore though.
Because my wife isn't fucking enough black men. This picture is old, I'm actually 3 years pussyless now but she hasn't fucked another man in over 3 days so I'm searching for another man for her
It's because they are not larping. We merely pretend to have issues. They do
they do it for attention, anony
Everyone has issues, anon. It's not a contest. I am very mentally ill though
No, I don't want anyone to ever see that I did those things to myself.
Never cutted but from what I understand it generally varies from (from least retarded to most):
Because its a trend. Let them ruin their bodies forever. Those disgusting fucks deserve to die alone
it provides relief in a way, the physical pain numbs the mental
I've never understood it. I have had suicidal ideation and have been extremely depressed before and never did I cut myself.
It feels like I'm letting all the pain inside I'm boiling just go out with the blood dripping out of my hand. It's like converting psychical pain into physical.
Also, when I lived with my mom I sorta wanted to grasp her attention and let her know that I REALLY need a therapist.
I don't do it nowadays, but recently I feel like my world is crumbling so it happened by an old habit.
it felt good, the first time. The cuts didn't really hurt, it was more like sunburn than anything else. And I felt relief, like I'd just laid down in a warm bath.
That's not to say it's a good thing to do though. After the first day it just hurt like normal, and I couldn't put any pressure on my arms because of it. Having to wear long sleeves at all times is annoying, and easy to forget if you're not careful. My family found out, and that lead to a whole discussion. 6 months on there's pretty much no sign, just faint lines that you wouldn't notice unless you knew what to look for. But it still took ages for them to go away.
bullies at school
people touching me
It gives you something real and physical to focus on when you're going insane and can't think. The alternative is to run around screaming in public like that fat guy in The Mummy when the scarab was eating his brain.
It's a form of self punishment. At my old job when I spilled the spaghetti or got mogged I would go to the bathroom and add a new cut. On my leg where nobody would see. Started burning myself with cigarettes too because apparently I didn't get the picture. That was a long time ago. Slowly reaching that acceptance phase and just waiting to die, hopefully of cancer but I'll settle for starvation if I'm particularly inept for a week straight.
Better to feel pain than nothing at all
It's this one for me. I even whip myself with electrical cables, punch myself in the head until I'm dizzy, etc.
It's been a long time but I did it because it gave me a sense of progression and purpose for the next 30 mins. 
Stop the bleeding, cover the wounds, etc.
Repairing my body felt like I was repairing my self. Obviously not a healthy cope and it made my mom sad, so I stopped.
