Why are you as a grown ass adult still watching anime, cartoons or playing video games? You should be working or having kids, Faggot. Are you just stunted in mental growth and think you are still a kid thinking life is an adventure? Kill yourself. You are a waste of space.
How old are you talking? If 30 then I agree, but in your 20's? No you shouldn't. Besides no female wants to settle down and have kids in their 20's (some don't even want to do that in their 30's):
You can post it all you want, but we'll see you tomorrow.
I dont watch anime, cartoons, or play video games. I literally just work then sit at home till I make dinner then go to bed while doing chores. Grow up, Faggot
Then get to work, nigger.
Then kill me yourself
Oh wait, you can't, you still need to get on time to your job.
Now fuck off. The boss will get pissy if you start under performing for sleeping in late.
If I was more unhinged I would. But a nigger will do my job for me when your mommy kicks you out and burns your chink shit
That's all? 
You're not studying philosophy and religious works? 
Or learning how to write or make art? 
Or learning languages to expand your understanding?
But no, you just wageslave for your daily shekels, sit around on your ass after work, make dinner (lmao he has to make his own dinner, because he has no wife), sleep, and do it all again? 
YOU are the waste of space. You are the NPC normie. Your past is meaningless and you have no future. You live by the rules of others and for the use of your betters. 
You are a slave. Why would anyone want to be like you?
kys normalfag you need to go back
The coping is so evident that it is sad to watch. I understand you have Peter Pan syndrome and a pedophile but you need to grow up and stop playing these chink games
Having fun wasting away not making any money is not my idea of fun, you stupid nigger pedo
I went to an anime con this past weekend and it was 90% tweens made me feel so old but I won't stop going to them. I will be the weird ass late middle aged woman at the anime con buying doujinshi prints and accessories
Shouldn't you be watching andrew tate tiktoks instead of using this board?
So you are a pedophile creeping on kids? Reported 
Unlike the average retard on this board, I can do multiple things at once
Why? Lack of labor unions, handling of epstein, social media gay. I'll just play my vidya thanks
You're an NPC, I'm so glad that I can trigger normalfags like you by just playing video games and watching anime.
The only one seething is you wasting away with no wealth to speak of.
Might as well an hero since you arent doing shit with your life
This might blow your mind, but I can simultaneously hold a high paying tech job and watch anime
Okay rajeesh, jerking off to little girls while on the job is still illegal
The normalfags who are obsessed with going after loli are the actual pedophiles 100% of the time.
if he knew how much i liked him back he would probably be able to get it forever but he won't respond 
i wonder why
You think your boss Rajah gives a fuck if there is a difference? You are getting fired regardless 
Not worth his time now get back to work, cunt
What did he say no u about? Very high levels of cognitive dissonance in your head, as someone who quit my job where no one spoke to me I'm glad to be back in the company of my online friends
Just cut your balls off now, nigger
No. You cannot stop me.
Answer this question: Why aren't you? why are you wastingtime here instead of spending it building your family's future?
Show pics with timestamp, faglord
I literally work. What proof do you want of my work? My table and screens? Fucking faggot. Of course I dont have a family. Thats why i only work.
Then get the fuck off /r9k/ and find a woman, niggertron. kidnap her if you have to.
There's nothing for you to gain hear and you only are wasting precious time
