New letter thread. 
_
Greg opdahl is evil edition.
-ex resident of 5240
Dear Dennis the menace
I am not on any "bad shit" and you and Greg used to abuse and harass me TOGETHER!
-ex resident of 5240
dear me
fuck you
with love,
me
woah plot twist
I looked up the term "bad shit" and this is what I got. 
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Bad%20Shit
Untrue and you-greg and dennis are fucking evil.
-ex resident of 5240
It's not a plot twist at all. Fuck you. The neighborhood had a circle of people who would egg this shit on and would loudly talk shit about me. I referred to them as the evil cackling circle and Greg and Dennis were in it.
Dennis has stage 4 colon cancer and is going to die soon. Greg is 72 and hopefully he'll die soon as well.
-ex resident of 5240
Gremlin Greg knew that I was leaving those notes. After one was taped to his door he waved at me-as I was inside my house and I gave him the finger. I wanted to let him know how much I hate his guts, before we moved. Pretending like he didn't know, what a shit head.
-ex resident of 5240
Dear everyone 
I have wronged many of you in my life and I would like to apologize for what i have done
To the guy I met in the bars, I am sorry I kissed your girlfriend, I was drunk and she said some horrible things about you, She said she never even liked you and that she wanted me, I should have known better and pushed her away
To the Girl at my old work, I am sorry for putting butter in all your food, and making you really, really fat, You were skinny and made my life hard, so I decided to add butter to all your food each day and you gained so much weight that you were huge.
To the Guy who cheated on his girlfriend, i am sorry I told her you would never change and I took her home and had sex with her, she left you for another guy and had children with him because of me, you became homeless and on drugs, I am sorry 
To the guy riding his bike past me rally fast, I am sorry for putting my hand out like a Jedi and pretending to use the force to knock you off, but a passing car thought you stole my bike and ran you off the road and you broke your arm,
Sorry I am no Jedi and I am to blame
To all the others I am sorry
Wow. You're an irridemable asshole.
YOU DESTROYED MY LIFE
Iktf a lot, yes.
I miss the atmosphere of being early 20s in 2018.
You destroyed that and much more.
Sorry about whatever happened to you.
I have difficulty assessing how to feel towards your myopic understanding of your abusive behavior towards me, you seem to believe I consented to something
i thought about you while i pumped her full of cum last night
Scrotes gunna scrote.
The interference and pollution of having being abused by you really shows more and more in everything I do and makes me feel dirty and why I want to die. You robbed my youth.
You are never going to be born for you are truly loved.
I still don't know gregs cousins kids name. We went to highschool together-he was a freshman and I was a senior. We used to fuck a lot. R.I.P
What was really revolting is that Greg was trying to sleep with me -YUCK NO!-and wanted me to move in-WHAT THE FUCK GROSS!
-I know this because he confessed this to his cousins kid and his cousin kid was angry and goes
FUCK YOU
and Greg says back to him
fuck you.
I think Greg is revolting and delusional, where did his gross abusive stalker ass ever THINK that I'd ever sleep with him, touch him or move in with him?!-GROSS!
Thank God we moved! 
-ex resident of 5240
Greg was loudly having this conversation outside my house, so I could hear it from inside.
-ex resident of 5240
Greg was even talking to dennis about how to get into my pants. "She don't like that, that don't interest her-shes a tomboy" and whatnot. Just Jesus Christ, this is all so fucked up. 
-ex resident of 5240
I was driven insane by those people. They wouldn't leave me alone. They kept harassing me. They didn't respect my boundaries and privacy. I obviously lashed out because I was so fucking tired of all that non-stop bullshit and abuse. 
-ex resident of 5240
They take no responsibility in any of their part in any of it and gaslight me-even though I knew exactly what was going on. Dennis physically assaulted me and would barge into the house-greg and Dennis would stand literally outside my house and listen in. Dennis would barge in and Greg would run away like a gigantic pussy. Every single time.
-ex resident of 5240
I'm so upset that Dennis told my dad today that "she needs to get off the bad shit"-um excuse you, I AM NOT ON ANY "BAD SHIT"! 
-ex resident of 5240
Stole my shovel and I had to work three times as hard to get that one chore done. Greg knew how riled up dennis was towards me, telling him to get inside his house immediately and then he would angrily stop working and speed walk back to his house. It was all so unnecessary and ridiculous. I was literally just trying to accomplish my chores in fucking peace AND SOMEHOW IM THE BAD GUY!?
Yeah, okay.
I did something nice for the gal across the street. I gave her some stuff (I left a nice note that said-from 5240)and greg had Denis paint the boundary line I put down on the fence (I put the boundary line there because Greg and Dennis kept invading my space) and he has Dennis say that the cops are going to be called over the notes WHICH GREG KNEW I WAS LEAVING THOSE NOTES cuz he wanted to make a scene and there were no cops coming. What assholes. 
-ex resident of 5240
THE COPS ARE COMING TO ARREST ME FOR DOMESTIC TERRORISM? REALLY?!
FUCK YOU GREYGREY OPDAHL!!
THEY WEREN'T COMING AND NO PHYSICAL VIOLENCE WAS EVER THREATENED TOWARDS YOU!! 
PUSSY ASS COWARD BITCH!!!
-ex resident of 5240
This must be what the inside of the minds of those neighbors who fought over snow shovelling to the point of murder suicide looked like, before they were forcibly ejected by bullets.
Greg stole our stuff and sold it. Absolutely unbelievable. 
-ex resident of 5240
There was no fight. Greg stole the shovel and I never saw or used it ever again. He made my life much more difficult on every way.
-ex resident of 5240
They delighted in taking away my privacy, bothering me, making my life more difficult, ect. 
-ex resident of 5240
One time I was outside smoking a cigarette and Greg goes up to the window showing his boner and I loudly shouted GO TO HELL GREG, YOU PIECE OF SHIT and put my cigarette out and went back inside the house. He seriously went up to the window with his hard on, when he saw me outside-to show his YUCK
He had his couch facing our house, so fucking weird. He had see-through shades and he'd have his lights on and you could clearly see him laying on the couch facing our house, so creepy. 
LIKE ISN'T THE POINT OF HAVING SHADES TO MAKE IT SO THAT NO ONE CAN SEE INSIDE?! WTF?! GET SOLID UN-SEE THROUGH SHADES!!!
Or sometimes he'd just leave all the shades up at night with the lights on. WHO THE FUCK DOES THAT?!
-ex resident of 5240
Greg has night terrors and shouts randomly in the middle of the night. You'd be in a deep sleep and hear-for example FFFFFUUUUUUCCCCKKKK AAAAHHHHHHHHHH and so on.
He'd wake everyone up. Terrible living next to that guy. You have no idea. 
-ex resident of 5240
Greg stole a couple of items I dropped and they were clearly mine. Instead of returning them by simply putting it on the porch-he sold them both for $200+ a pop. Enough cash to cover a persons rent. I know this because after I went back to look for them, they were online already getting ready to be sold. Disgusting.
-ex resident of 5240
Venting feels good and I've got a lot to vent about.
-ex resident of 5240
One time Greg was talking to one of the neighbors and the women loudly gasps and says OMG YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE! and Greg starts stuttering and goes B-B-BUT...
-ex resident of 5240
Yo! Where have all the letter writers gone?!
you stay with your little folder
I'll be with the little circle
rolling up and down a boulder
while you actin while you urkle
Nice ryme. Thank Eminem.
I hope Greg knows that he's hated and negativity fucked up other peoples lives. I hope dennis has some sense of self awareness as well and he understands how his actions have also NOT BEEN OKAY and same with the rest of the "evil cackling circle" that they're apart of-I hope they all understand. 
These are grown ass adults who should have gotten a life a long time ago. 
Thank god we moved.
There was no need for all that drama and unnecessary bullshit.
All they had to do was LEAVE ME ALONE!
-ex resident of 5240
I was hoping by telling greg that a lot of shit was going on THAT HE'D BACK OFF!
...BUT HE DIDN'T!
-ex resident of 5240
It's almost all over soon, I hope. My biological father who's had sex with me(rape) and who I live with is moving into an independent living facility (he's obviously abused me) and the state is going to help me with housing and becoming an independent adult. We'll be out of here in a couple months. 
I HOPE THAT ALL OF THIS WILL BE ALL OVER SOON! PURE NIGHTMARE FUEL!
-ex resident of 5240
I don't know what it is about me but people really take pleasure in fucking my shit up. 
-ex resident of 5240
Testisting123456677
Zibby baby
When the fuck you Gon keep it real wit me huh
72 skreet u remember?
It was just us against them
And now you can even keep it a hunnid wit me dawg? 
You a goobah forrelly
U still my nizzle doe
And I slide for u anyday&lt;3
Just learn 2 keep it a bukk fr
Yo. I dig it dawg. Peace homie.
Dear slim,
I wrote ya but ya still aint callin.
Greg I hate your guts. Greg I hate you.
Stoopid ex-boyfriend, this sexy ass is mine now and mine alone, I'm the only one who gets to spank it. That's what you get for being a stoopid ex-boyfriend. You'll never find another ass this sexy.
Test test test trst456
Dear ___,
Don't come crying to me when things fall apart. I'll find someone else.
Thanks for at least showing me what I want in a woman.
Dealio, you don't come crying either.
Dear ______
I cut you out of my life.
Please stop your stalker ass.
Anon
Now this thread is picking up steam! Yay! Whoo hoo!
Testtrsttestttttestttest09877654
It's working anon.
Unfortunately when most of the thread is unaesthetic looking schizo babble, people tend to just wait for the next one.
It's not schizo babble. People bully others and a group of others going against one person is not abnormal at all.
Yes. Some people have a shit life with shitty abusive people in it. Get that through your thick skull.
Tell us more. Let r9k see how truly evil you are.
It's not schizo babble. 
*posts schizo babble next sentence*
Get that through your thick skull.
You have been using this phrase too much. You should come up with something new.
Using that phrase to much?!
You're the real schizo and you're projecting HARD!
Motherfucker, Are you trying to gaslight?!
Yes you use it on other threads too
I would never gaslight you, kitten.
You do understand that THICK SKULL is a term that's frequently used?!
There's like 100 active users on here. It's also a generational phrase, not something zoomies use
I did not create the phrase thick skull and I am not the only person to use that term.
kitten
How about you don't.
I think you've been bullied too hard and didn't develop to be able to properly think abstract thoughts.
kek
I think you're an asshole because you are.
Well I'm high and suicidal again. I think next time I'll cut with the saw and see how deep I can go. I was obviously unworthy of being held too so why not. I am going to do it soon
Get a life. Start by going outdoors a bit. Jesus, anon.
I'm sure that just going outdoors will solve everything for them. Saying get a life, truly life changing. Kys.
This isn't /adv/, Karen.
Okay, dickbag.
Don't see you giving any brilliant words of wisdom. Huh
I don't give unsolicited advice, cunt.
Oh, I see. You just pipe in to random situations that don't include you with asshole opinions. Interesting
Nope. You give unsolicited advice and I observe you being an asshole, nice projection though...asshole.
Your wits are too dull to continue. Have a good night, anon. I'll be sure to tie the noose when you post for help to kys in the near future
Okay cool and when you tie that noose, you can hang yourself with it.
nukes dot notepad
Is that a website or sometin?
I'll just leave this here 
Meaghan
Find me contact me, my love is genuine which is why I've been fighting for so long
People aren't replaceable and people have been against me from the start infact they actively hurt what we had just for fun
I want to say so many things 
We should've been talking for a long time I know none of this would be here if we had 
I'm sorry for the way things are.
I don't want people to use you and I don't want snakes to hurt us. Just communicate.
Friday is the last day I can go on after this helljsh year without you
I just wanted us to be happy together, that's the only reason I ever tried so much and I'll do anything for that goal because the only things I want in life include you in this life
I'm bad at writing but my thoughts are too big
Goodnight
John
Good night r9k's CWC-Chris-chan
True romance will never ever die. Damn.
I'm finally free of caring about what you people thought of me. It's all gone, I'm free. I gave you my best and you gave me nothing but derision and mockery. I should have done this sooner. You people belong here. I just wanted to be loved but some people are only capable of tainting other peoples good intentions. Some narcissists will probably see tis and get mad. I don't care. I've already closed the thread. I'm free, I'm free.
I'm nothing like that, I'm just in love with someone who I was about to start a whole life with and she just happened to leave right when I started making more money had more time to physically spend together actually go places and days after we planned a wedding date... I didn't even have time to properly propose I bought a bunch of gifts and was talking more and more just to give her good news I need her back it really was true love
Was this an e-gf or irl&amp;long distance?
Started online and then we moved from our home states to be close to eachother, she was staying with family while I was getting a place for us to live. I just wanted to be happy together I genuinely love her and we took eachothers virginities that first night after finally meeting. It's supposed to be normal to have an issue or 2 but it should also be normal to work on it together, so I will keep trying for her I just want everything to be good I don't like feeling like this
One time I was on the upper floor of my old place laying down trying to catch some sleep and I hear gremlin Greg loudly moaning and saying my name. Absolutely disgusting. That went on for like two minutes or something though, so I could go back to sleep.
He was like
OH GOD OH YES OOOAAAHHHHHAAAHHHH [my name] 
You get the idea. Gross.
Then another night he was like 
Ablueablueablue that's what he sounded like...lmao is that how he cries? 
LMAO
-ex resident of 5240
She's not interested. Stop before she puts a restraining order against you.
She will talk to me somehow, stop trying to get in the way of something you have no part in. This last year me and Meaghan should have made up and talked we had so much together that isn't worth losing over 1 stupid bad day. I'm trying hard for her it's what she wanted me to do, when I told her I would always look for her she was happy because we had such love. I can't give up what was ours alone
Okay, buddy. Try to stay out of jail and not shoot yourself in the head. Good luck.
I never had any real reason to be in jail and I'll never be in one again.. the circumstances that led to that fucked up shit all because I trusted some awful person that tortured me until I got rid of the nazi fucks, and Meaghan saved me. I'll bring her back. No one else could ever have what we had I just need to talk to her and people should stay out the way and should've respected our relationship from the start instead of being snakes. Hopefully we can reconnect and be her first and last bf I'm tired of crying
Uh. Oh. You're one of those PUNCH A NAZI fags?!
No I had a literal nazi organization targeting me and stealing from me because I trusted some sick girl who was supposed to be dying from some disease I just wanted to help her Gabe her a home but it was all a lie for insane Satan worshipping nazi shit
Okay buddy. I'm going to go to bed too. I hope this thread is up when we get up and you can tell r9k all about it in the letter thread. Goodnight.
Moved on or killed themselves.
Except for this faggot who's been posting in here for over a year about his whore ex who gets piped every night by another dude and he doesn't have the good sense to find another girl who'll treat him with dignity, not that he deserves it. You might be the biggest loser on /r9k/, genuinely.
Idk what ur deal is pal but I don't want to share anything else I just want to talk to her
She's not a whore, she's an idiot but she's supposed to be my idiot. This world is hell.
I'll also admit that I'm also an idiot and I make wrong decisions with good intentions I just hope things change
