Would you ever date someone from /r9k/? To those who have found a partner here, How did your relationship start and how is it going?
Perhaps. But the chances that you are tranny faggots is very high so I would not bother.
Talking to guys from here is like 100% likely to be ghosted for no reason one day
Do NOT EVER date a femanon from this board. Worst mistake I ever made
storytime pls? 
originally of course
idk, never talked to anyone from /r9k/. .
Did she try to kill you or something
he wasn't actually a "femanon"
if course not, youre all alone for a reason and its not society
I've tried joining one of the discords that gets shilled here sometimes but it sucked. I've also added a femanon off of here before, but she's too far away for dating to be realistic at all. We're still decent friends and talk semi-frequently though.
Would feel strange to date someone who lacks the cynicism that permeates here.
Would you ever date someone from /r9k/?
I did, like 8 years ago.
To those who have found a partner here, How did your relationship start
I begged for a gf in a thread and she sent me an email to my throwaway email address and turned out to live near me so we started camming and then I'd take a bus periodically and hang out with her at a hotel.
She was 10 years younger than me (I was 28 and she was 18 when we first met). I was shy and awkward the first time we were in person (was not a virgin but I'm pretty socially retarded and my couple of short-lived relationships with girls have involved them more taking the lead than me because of my being like that) so she just started kissing me instead and we started doing more sexual stuff and smoking weed and cuddling / sleeping in bed and watching anime or listening to music. We kept doing that for like a year and change.
I have an autoimmune disease (ulcerative colitis) and she got drunk one day and complained I'm "not healthy" like that's something I chose. And when I went to a hospital later on she got upset and broke up with me, so I asked her never to talk to me or see me again and that was it. She started trying to talk to me virtually on some sort of google messaging thing I forgot to get rid of a long while after that but I just shut down the application without replying to her.
Was a nice relationship overall except for that part.
there are actual women here? I refuse to believe it.
I reflexively would not but sometimes I think it's my only chance. I would find it hard to truly connect with a girl that didn't understand the culture here.
Was she pretty? Post pics of her
I wouldn't ever share pics of someone I was with like that but she was a surprisingly hot latina. Normal BMI and large breasts with a pretty face and soft fluffy long hair.
If they were a handsome Japanese boy, maybe
No. If they are here they are corrupted.
Dated a girl from here years ago. I think I was 25 and she told me she was 18. Turned out she was actually 16 and we kind of hit the brakes after that even though I really liked her. Think she's married now but in all honesty I just hope she's happy. She was a really nice girl (even though she was a little spergy).
Probably not date, but fuck. Girls here are way too fickle and ghost you eventually. Still it is possible to find girls here who are into certain mutual things.
I met my trans gf on /r9k/ and she's the sweetest most amazing girl I've ever met. I hope we can be together forever.
Do gays really?
She's a cute girl, dough. Also I'm bisexual not gay.
I'd be down to do it as long as it's not mtf (fucking impossible I assume)
I'd love something to happen with the femanon I added from here but I doubt my wish will come true. She is the last try for me before saying goodbye to meeting people online. (Or at all.)
No way. I've edated twice and both it went nowhere. Love isn't enough when it's online and between the mentally ill
topkek
Sure if she's a decent person. Although I'd rather not date someone if it's only going to be an online thing.
I tried to and then he ghosted me, ended up dating a friend I met on /soc/ instead
I would see a girl from here but only of she met my standards, she would have to like 
. the food I cook her or bring her home.
. She would need to stay with me, always 
. She would need to bathe once a day
. She would need to go to sleep at 8pm every night
. She must not smoke, do drugs 
. She will need to dress up in cute clothes if I want her too
. She would need to be submissive to my demands 
I am a tall, strong guy and would need her to be able to know when I am being too hyper and she can calm me down, she would need to be able to know when i am wrong, and guide me to better understanding
Also We must be able to buy a cat 
That is it
you basically want a daughter lol
Same here.
I thought she was different and she understood and accepted me. Nope, typical foid lizard brained bitch.
Not really I just have a different setup
the food is because I get lots of free food from work 
Salmon, curry, lasagna, meatballs, roasted veg, prawns, rice, chicken satay, etc
Staying with me always is to look after the place I live, it is dangerous around my home with a lot of criminals, she can keep the home tidy and clean 
Bathe once a day is because I hate the smell of dirty women and stale perfume
Sleep at 8pm is because I go to bed at 7pm and get up at 3am for work, she would need to get up and join me for early morning breakfast
The smell of smoke makes me sick, and drugs cause problems 
Dressing up looks good on women and men are visual creatures
Women being submissive is natural 
But whatever
Also the cat one is because me stray cat died two days before New Year, i'm devastated by it
still basically wants a toy to pretend its a gf so you dont feel alone
jeez
I don't care about being alone, I enjoy my own company, but if the girl doesn't fit my work life it can't work.
My list isn't even that bad. women make ten times more demands from the Men they want, I think mine is pretty reasonable
id date the anon reading this :3
she has to like movies like picrel
I don't think trans girls try to trick you into dating them all that often.
Most of them who are into guys do the opposite and go out of their way to avoid normalfags and only do dating apps like taimi or grindr where it's obvious to everyone the trannies are trannies and the guys there are into trannies.
I've only been with regular girls so far but I think it'd be cooler if trannies did try to trick me into dating them. But unfortunately you have to go out of your way to find them in reality since they're rare and they don't want to get hatecrimed.
i'd date someone who uses ":3" unironically
reminds me of easier times
I do not care where I meet person, I care what person I meet. /r9k/ would be as fine as any other place but chances of finding someone from my country are low.
Yeah, region matters a lot.
I don't know if it's still this way, but I live in Texas and lots of /r9k/ anons used to be in Texas too in a way that made it easier to talk to people at random and have them turn out to live near you.
:3
unironically and originally
you want a daughter and i want a dad because i missed out on having normal parents. we'd be perfect
i want an r9k bf but guys keep blocking me after finding out im brown. pretty sure its the brown aspect cause initially they act warm and tell me im funny and intere idfk anymore lol
I've talked to r9k girls but the conversation never really gets going and I get ghosted pretty quickly
I'm not even a loser or anything, I think women here just want to find a guy who like, bullies them or some weird shit
not bragging but true. the girl who liked me the most was one that i started talking after i told her to kill herself and many other stuff
I've tried to get to know girls from here. They're not so interested in sperg losers, despite what they may say. A lot of the girls here seem to want some dark triad, but good looking, normie who just wears the cloak of being an outcast.
The only girl I knew personally from this board was insane, fat and manipulated several men into dating her at once. Remove the last two things and I'd say yes
Would you ever date someone from /r9k/?
yes
met them in a thread discussing anime and stuff. we talked more on discord afterwards. after being good friends for half a year, we met up and got along very well and started dating. we've been together over 6 years now
give each other your contact info already
I would.
M from the UK, straight, ldr is fine as long as it's in Europe, 29 and due to special circumstances am still a virgin so you know I'm not packing any STDs or breakup baggage. I'm stubborn and want to take the long shot from here desu.
if ur scot it could work out
Hire a fucking maid because you want a slave and not a free thinking individual person.
Why Scot specifically?
because im scot origno
Exact opposite experience in my experience as a male. The dudes I end up talking to will actually respond to your messages even if I haven't talked to them in months but the females go out of their way to not talk to anybody and then wonder why they can't maintain relationships. They expect people to just fall into the lab without any effort but they forget that only works for people that aren't ugly or e-sluts. Us normal people actually have to put in work and you ain't special
If there anything like the friend I made here roughly a year ago then yes. I have expected this person a ghost me but we're still good friends till this day. She's made it clear on multiple occasions she has no interest in me romantically (which wouldn't work even if she was because we live in different states) But I frankly would not mind dating her at all. Right now I'm just hoping both of our schedules line up so that we can meet in person one day
South England, sorry. I know just because I'm fine with distance that doesn't mean someone else is, so best of luck femanon.
oh ok best of luck to u too
Yeah, I'm in the same camp as this guy. When I add a guy from here I can expect to still be able to talk to him or get responses from him or to have him message me first at some point. They also tend to actually have some interest whatever stupid shit I'm talking about.
Ikr? I'm a turbo loner nerd dude and yet she still likes talking to me for some reason. She even has several other discord friends and real life friends meaning she's kind of a normie and yet apparently I'm "wonderful" in her eyes Even after I explained in depth why I actually kind of suck as a person. I've developed crushed on her on and off but she's going to girls so that's not feasible :(. Again I hope we can meet up one day But my current living situation makes that new and possible. Mainly because my mom is allergic to any of us actually having fun and having a social life
Best of luck, fren. Make sure you try your best to be your best too. Leave nothing to chance, if you can help it.
Easier said than done with my current mental condition. Sometimes I wish I just took a long break from college and just went full time in the military. Being with my mom or even in her presidencity makes my skin crawl and makes it difficult to focus on things actually need to do. Even shit she's not even involved with.
Rough living situations really do make everything harder. How long do you have until you finish up with college?
Two to three more years. Should have graduated this week but mental health issues and failing classes multiple times have delayed that significantly. That's not even what bothers me. Plenty of people graduate "late". What bothers me is that my mentally unbalanced mom is obsessed with comparing people to other people or looking at things in the worst possible lens when she's in a slightly bad mood. I don't even like coming home anymore. I'm doing well in classes but I pretend that I have to study for several hours a day because I cannot stand her fighting excuses to bother me throughout the day. I'm just been hanging out in the library for the entire semester fucking around with my nerdy hobbies whenever I have free time because it's better than added to hear her start shit and scream at children all fucking day. She has no hobbies. The only time she will ever leave the house is for work, taking someone to an activity, or shopping. Other than that she's sedentary as fuck and then wonder why she feels tired all the time. No, it's not your goddamn job. That's part of the reason but that's not the full reason. Get up you disgusting whale and actually try to help yourself. Everyone hates you and you know it but you still refuse to change. Your own goddamn mother does not even really like you anymore for fuck's sake lol
i did, my first gf was from r9k. it was so good and cute and almost perfect. sadly she changed a lot during it and our relationship fell apart.
but i'd do it again, I would only date girls I meet online who are in some way involved in these weird online spaces
Do you know if your mom has any disorders? I don't know what I'd personally do with a mom like that, I'd have probably quit entirely. I don't know why either but I get the weirdest image that she'd be something of a hoarder. Also it might be worth talking to some of your professors to see if they can give you some leniency on assignments or makeup work that you can do.
Me and my brother think she has undiagnosed BPD. Once she went out and bought my dad a new fancy grill for Father's Day. He genuinely appreciated the gift and even uses it pretty often. So what made her cry? The fact that his attention lasts from her for a mere 5 seconds. He thanked her for it. He seemed excited to use it. He loves the gift. And yet that still wasn't enough for her. She still found a reason to fucking cry and run to her room all sad and shit. That was when I knew she was a lost cause. She genuinely likes being fucking angry and sad all the time. We try to help her out. We try to support her. Make her feel better when she said and she will either just keep crying or tell us to fuck off. My younger siblings tend to half-ass their chores which pisses her off even more and I think her attic behavior is why. They've learned to not take her bitchy behavior that seriously and have learned to not take her random insults personally but I think that a snowballs and to not taking her genuine critique seriously either, which has in turn make them lazy. They are quick to do chores when my dad tells them. He doesn't even have to threaten them or force them. They just fucking do it whenever he tells them. But when she tells us to do anything she always has to find an excuse to do it in an angry tone no matter how much they've actually done. Whether or not they actually done the chores. Etc. Our grandmother refuses to come visit us BECAUSE OF HER But I bet she pretends it's all my dad's fault because they fight all the time. I imagine being so mentally ill that your own mom doesn't even want to really see you that much anymore that you still want to act like you're a victim all the time lol. I still love her but I don't LIKE her at all anymore. I don't know why my siblings still try so hard to kiss her ass with ass kissery as part of the reason she kind of treats them like shit.
no. , the men and women are both addicted to something (drugs, alcohol, porn, attention, fighting/arguments). they're self centered, apathetic, depressed and narcissistic. most of them have ego and self esteem issues if not narcissistic (or any B cluster personality). women have a high chance of being fucked up from molestation, past baggage, or just downright fucked in the head. 
males are most likely fucked up from extreme lack of human contact, bullying or whathave you. the days of old r9k where you could find a functioning human are long gone. not its zoomers with mental illnesses. everyone on this board should remain alone to not infect normal people with their shit.
and dont get me started on trannies.
Well that's all a bit heartbreaking. It's kind of familiar too, but I suspected my sister was undiagnosed with BPD(or she actually was and just hides it, she's said shit like she thinks she's autistic but that autistic girls get misdiagnosed with BPD and so on). I got away from my sister though through my grandparents. Would you be able to do the same with your grandmother? Even if she lives in a different state you could maybe get your college credits transferred, right?
That what just cause a whole lot of drama that I don't feel like dealing with. My mom and her brother seem to have had a big disagreement recently and it bothers my grandmother a lot so I don't want to make that family drama even worse. I'd be much better off going active duty for a few years so I can get my mind in the right place
Kek, look at this faggot
Only if she's fine with being the second girl and that she'd have to share me with others.
if she was korean
