R9k needs some fun get together ideas on fridays. Skribbl gets some people to join which is fun. What about movie nights? Post your ideas here
The days of anons coming together and actually having a good time are long gone.
There are too many retards that just want attention on this site to properly formulate anything vaguely resembling a cohesive and enjoyable community.
.Watch a movie that everyone votes on
.Do a draw-ball and make a image collectively 
.Everyone have a thread party, put a you tube song on and everyone post an image of some meme dancing and posting cake and food images.
.Setup two threads Blue vs Red and have everyone try and bump each thread through the night
Dont be so down! Im sure there is a chance. There was one femanon that I watched tv with and it was okay but she ghosted. Im sure it can be recreated at a slightly larger scale
What about a meetup at an anime convention?
Looks fun! But also looks more like a line to get shitty handjobs in an alley.
*me at the back holding my tiny penis*
There's plenty of free MMOs on Steam we could all make a guild with. I'm never up at night though so none of this matters to me.
We should make a guild on turtle WoW
It's the biggest vanilla wow private server atm, free as well.
You need to stop this. The picture is 5 years old at the minimum and conventions, and the 4chan audience, are no longer like this.
20-50% of 4chan is bots, shills, and JIDF at this point depending on the board.
i know card games are a bad idea. in my experience everyone either cant play any card games or they only want to play poker or some ridiculously complicated game where you hold half a deck in your hand and has so many rules you need to play it 10 times before it starts making sense.
monopoly is also a really bad idea. the game was made specifically to be as backwards and annoying as possible to show the flaws of capitalism.
Anime North is happening at the end of this month, we could have another bathroom meetup
I'm not a bot, I was at the original event. It has been many years, as you can see by the year printed on the flier
It'd have to be a very small one in the Midwest or something, big cons are all run by trannies and loser freaks (not the 4chan kind) and will not allow you to make a 4chan panel anymore
You're again, posting 5+ year old pictures. There wasn't a bathroom meetup last year. Funny how you skip over that fact?
Cringe
Anime North wasn't even in May last year
It was July 15-17
Play Axis and Allies 1940 Global, but modeded to include Sweden+Finland, Netherlands, and Communist China. Plus the additional puppets of Canada, South Africa, Far Eastern Command, Manchukuo, Mongolia, Romania, and Mexico.
jfc even reddit mogs us
its over
This is why I'm a real robot and will die a touchless virgin.
those were the 4chan meetup
these are the reddit meets
if you guys want an asian GF, move to Sydney apparently
Ohio Reddit
Yeah, and what? That picture is also half a decade old. None of this shit happens anymore, none of the people are involved in the scene anymore.
Terracon is a comfy small con
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxvYk_auqVk [Embed]
Nebraskon had a 4chan panel
Again, a 2010 video. None of this shit is relevant anymore.
I understand
this is how I have to win you over
Do you genuinely have aspergers? Are you unable to comprehend the colossal changes in anime and convention scenes over the decades? How 4chan culture has changed since 2010? How 4chan culture has changed since 2016?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tY0WoPwUNmY [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MoPjq65wSU [Embed]
Do you have a point other than linking videos of people and scenes that no longer exist? Funny how every time you talk about 4chan meetups and talk about Anime North you link content from 2012-2016?
