they sometimes go crazy and kill people because they're basically chads trapped inside incel bodies
also why left wingers go on fewer shootings, being a harmless beta is part of their evolutionary strategy
As Muslim I find Chuds based
its called a gamer moment faggot
who would you prefer on your side, a weak man who is loyal that you can train, or a strong man who is a traitor and won't fight the enemy
how can white chuds have what you have friend? It seems the only based Christian out there is Jesus himself
Chuds are just normies with a chad mindset. It's a type of body dysphoria modern science won't touch.
Wdym? What do I have?
This. Subsidize chuds to undergo facemaxxing surgery and the shooter problem goes away aside from glowniggers
Islam
whites don't have community or faith or values
nah just mentally ill ugly guys.
Also chud is based off Patrick Crusius, the jewish kid with the kabbalah dad lmao
He glowed up in jail
Idk, not everything is perfect. Many Muslims are stupid and a fraud. See this Tateshit. The Imam who allowed him is a traitor
Follow Hitler. No Irony.
If you are white, with Hitler you will have purpose.
Don't fall for this Muslim's stupid shit.
also why left wingers go on fewer shootings
Did... did you pay attention at all to history class? Do you not know what the sixties were like, or The Troubles? Constant shootings/bombings by leftist terror organisations and individuals. I think we're actually at the tail end of "le racist white conservative chud shooter" narrative because the reality is that they never actually existed. What existed was young men under the spell of isolation and hopelessness, which still exists, but the future will be tranny shooters.
He has feminine features and femboy potential
I am Turkish bro
I like this theory. It's very autistic but you are on to something
go crazy and kill people because they're basically chads
Checks out with foids going wet over mass murderers
What are you talking about? The last few shootings have been done by transgender females and people on the left. Way to cope you fucking retard.
people that look like this are incompetent retards
