Watching wagies wageslave for 17 hours in denial misery actually alleviates my depression and helps me go on.
thanks wagies.
I mean if he's the owner and he's doing this he probably just enjoys his work
eyah no, he's just dead inside, but shit just makes me cope for some reason.
I think you're just projecting your own feelings onto him
There's almost no reason for a restaurant to stay open that long other than the owner having the funds to do so, but more importantly, the will to even do it. So yes its likely done out of enjoyment rather than necessity
nah, it's just wagie autism.
So OP I love my job and I just got paid!!
money money money!! I am gonna go buy me a new PC, 
I work 3 days a week too!!! 
hahahahhahahahahha
you sound like a coping goy with no soul
Dumbasses don't realize workaholism is just another addiction to escape the pain of life
The mind of the average 8 year old 4chan newfag
"People will do anything, no matter how absurd, in order to avoid facing their own souls. One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious."
that's some dark deep shit bro...
i bet that dude just secretly wishes some school shooter just shoots him with an ak47 randomly, that would be the best day of his life. too bad guns are banned in japonica.
He was kinda right but it's mostly ppl avoiding thier childhood traumas.
dude was probably raped daily as a kid or some shit so this shit is some coping mechanism or something don't know man shit's weird
that looks soooo yummy i wanna eat it
sasuga gaijin piggu
I could go for some gaijin piggu suasagu
Is this the NEET cope thread?
chefs drink so much booze to hide the pain. buy him a sake and say you love his fish.
kek you can't make this shit up xD
Working retail is kinda comfy actually. It's a great job if you can live on $15/hr. No responsibility, you can fuck off for 70% of your shift, nobody expects anything good, most of the week it's dead, and you can reap some gibs.
if he works in his own business he is not a wagie you retard
if only this was true, but i worked that shit and it's far from true. you're getting bullied right and left. shit's not fun at all.
he's a wagie for the invisible puppet master jew
Wish this was the case everywhere. I worked at Target a few years back and the manager was constantly scrolling through cams to watch us work. Stood still for too long, you're in the office getting chewed out. Going over your break time, not doing your job, getting rude with a customer, write up. It sucked.
Work the overnight shift or the morning shift on a weekday. There's nobody fucking there. As long as you don't work register, you can disappear to the back for 30+ minutes at a time and nobody notices.
That's the problem shoot for WalMart as everyone there, including the managers, are already dead inside. I worked at Sams Club at it was pretty great if you didn't work weekends or register.
I work at a dispensary now. I loved all the perks (test strains to give feedback, got to take home past-shelf life buds, hanging out with cool people) but now I don't really like smoking, and it alienated me from the people there. Looking for another job currently
old herb allegedly converts into some sleep inducing tranquilizer barely any creativity stimulating effects, is that rue?
Really depended on the strain and how dry it got, after so long the buds get really really sticky and then suddenly go super dry. At both of those stages it's basically unsmokeable and belongs in the trash. I used to drink a ton of monster back then too, so if it did have a stronger tendency to induce sleep I didn't let it.
wow what a retard, you could have just bakes it at 115c for 20 min and grinded it up into olive oil then drunk it with almond milk, shit's 3 times stronger than smoke for the same dose size. what a fuckin waste. could have frozen it too to last you for a decade. could have saved thousands of dollars.
I got it for free lol
sorry I didn't feel like doing your eldritch witch doctor weed revitalization to get some mid to watch tom and jerry to.
Is that what you have? Isn't that a budget GPU? Get with the times old man.
now that you don't get it anymore for free you could have tapped into your frozen reserves for years, and shit is far rom "mid" it's high grade shit ok? edible shit is not smoke crap, it never expires. it's only expired for hipsters with lung cancer, not for edible wizards.
spoken like a true goy.
trust me, after 10 minutes of 4K ultra settings of the boring AAA goyslop they make these days, you won't give a shit if it's scaled down to 1080p at medium.
