Is this peak zoomer humor?
Mo it's peak led it
we are all addicted to masturbating on the internet. My generation is truly something else
when shtf these girls will be the ones desensitized enough to join willingly become sex slaves for me and my warband
She's an it tho
yeah, an object.
MY object
(laughs in mongolian)
midwestern mongolians will raid Chicago and St Louis for prime libtard pussy after USA balkanizes
No I meant it's a tranny
could very well be zoomette, but either way its gonna choke on my balls
Zoomer humor peaked at amogus.
After you're done sucking me off, fagotron
nah no thank you
real question though how many inches till you start choking on mine
You're cute when you pretend you're an alpha. Bend over, little lady
thats not an answer fag. how many inches
or do you use centimeters
It is an answer, but your t blockers are fucking up your brain, woman
you cant even think of a witty response bro
lick my nuts
Your delusions don't deserve a witty response, woman. And quit trying to flirt with me, or whatever you're trying to do
Zoomer humor is admitting to being a neurotic but masking it with non-seriousness and absurdity, so she's probably admitting to being a slag in that post.
nigger your kind of fruity
you've been pursuing me. I've simply been telling you to lick my nuts everytime you say something. nothing gay about that. king of the hill type shit. you on the other hand are actively looking for nuts to lick, then acting like a bratty fag who wants to be raped
Not reading your gay manifesto lmao
thats cos your a nigger
Their culture seems like Diet Gen X, so you're right
Here's some more attention your stepdad isn't giving you, little lady . Now go fuck off , you're somehow making this thread worse with your faggotry
if you didn't want attention why are you still responding faggot
The oldest of zoomers were raised by gen X but with even gayer millennial politics and fag pride.
Explains the degeneracy too, though there's quite a few right wing zoomers
Seeing how long it'll take until you fuck off
If you wanted me to fuck off you shouldn't have replied to me in the first place
The fag thinks it's witty lmao
nah bro its just war of attrition at this point idk why you even in all honesty
n-now kiss
Come join us baby, itthfrt
