/britfeel/ a place for predictable spastics, dossers and the low IQ to spam their gimmicks.
let me be the first to say : I severely dislike the british.
NMM
I was horribly, horribly hungover today so ended up wanking multiple times and going back to bed multiple times. Only started feeling better in the last hour or so, what a waste of a day.
Casual hookups and shagging passable trannies
Apparently this is what God expects me to do (???) until WW3 breaks out or something
Love being a dosser me. will keep posting here until 4chan shuts down or I die
Last thread lasted 30 hours and 7 minutes. 2 of the 5 slowest threads ever have been this week
I think the wank woliday weekends have had an impact
Imagine keeping track of shit like this
Grim grim girm
A few posters make up most of the posts in each thread. if a few go AWOL its slow time.
It Tuesday x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIZQYCQ9bhY [Embed]
Seriously though where the fuck is are wrosty.
King wearing a gold cape during coronation while common plebs have to eat dog food due to cost o' living crisis
Boggles the mind
You know what boggles my mind? Why you guys even bother to live after being disarmed by your government. 
Oh wait they took away your guns, you can't even shoot yourselves lol
Gonna write the other zoomeress off too now, didn't really respond in the way i hoped and i doubt she will down the line
Unless i lower me standards and go chasing after some actual hogs or nogs i won't be getting my dick wet again any time soon in this completely fucked-up sexual market lol
chuds jealous 
get a job loser
Good shag tonight. Indian lass I've been working with.
dating
shagging
I would but then my ASMR girlfriends would get jealous and I don't want to upset them.
never understood this argument. l ike if you were reslly going to have am organized uprising, wouldnt you just purchase guns illegally? isnt this what any revolution would do?
They just pop into UK threads every now and then to lash out, best to just ignore them really
Garn crash in front of the welly soon me
I fink
Garn beddingtons upon tyne now. Tried to get me mic on the PS4 controller to work but I give up, I've tried everything. Not even pajeets on YouTubes have the solution this time.
Didn't have time to reply to you about lenina in the last thread. She was - to borrow the yank term - a wallflower. She looked really different and unattractive, due to puberty and surgery. Bit of a weirdo. And her mum died eerly
Proper decent spaffinghamshire this was
Alarm set for 10am. Garn for a trekkie brekkie me.
She's really into serial killers and enjoys making true crime asmr.
Very peculiar and sinister edit, that.
I'm her truest fan. I'd take good care of her.
The wagies will be relieved their slavery is only four days this week. Pay my bennies slaves. I'm the king.
Don't stop now lad you have your full performance to get threw. ASMRitists, auditing and how shit your life is.
Don't fucking take the piss out of mentally unwell men.
ASMRitists
You're trying too hard lad. You are a night shift worker
I just woke up and ready for another day of video games. No way I'm slaving away knowing I'll never have a gf. Fuck that. If I can't have a normal life, then I won't do normal shit.
Night shift wagie with only 4chan to get him through the night LMFAO
I'm a simp for ASMR goddesses.
Cheers x
Garn sleepingtons now. Nighty night lids x
You'll have a wank before the months (week) ends. You now it, I know it, everyone knows it. Just wank and stop boring everyone with this NN(month) drivel.
sean has a hidden disability, he is not normal like you
The paranoid bitch still hasn't accepted the request on the other site after she blocked my access to her profile on there earlier for no reason, incredible lol. What petty and toxic bullshit on her part, really.
She'll never seek therapy for this bipolar-paranoid shit on her own and will just continue to grow worse over time... Technically not really my problem i guess, but it's still tragic to observe because it's all so incredibly needless. 
She's just been trashing the relationshit for the sake of trashing it and then gleefully watching the damage she's done after the fact. 
We actually had a decent thing going and she proceeded to fuck it up for no real discernible reason there. Didn't even take her two weeks/a full month after we met up again to pull this bullshit. I somehow had a hunch she'd end up doing this though, one of the reasons i documented everything w/considerable accuracy.
I *really* don't feel like waiting another 24 hours for her to make up her mind either, since i've only been getting these types of bullshit responses (low-effort one-liners in writing and paranoia + nervous breakdowns while on call) from her at this point now. 
Main thing is that i want her to TELL ME if she's breaking up or not rather than beating around the bush like she's been doing in the past, that's the decent thing to do at least. It's quite likely that i'll get this shit out of the way before wednesday/in a couple hours even.
Literally no reason to make it drag out any longer than it has to, better to lessen the damage she's needlessly inflicted in a preemptive manner here.
Just wish i had been born in the 19th century or sommet
Literally wouldn't have to deal with any of this femoid bullshit and the collapsing society that's causing and enabling it in the first place
Alright, truth be told the fact that she's been having fertility issues might have played a big part in driving her behaviour too. Said "she was feeling guilty about not getting pregnant" but in truth her subconscious was screaming at her to monkeybranch to the next guy after not getting pregnant immediately, which she's been doing now. 
I was gambling on her getting pregnant, and if she had gotten preggers then things would look VERY different now most likely. Ah well, cannot be helped i guess
Phwoar can feel the downers kicking in
That fucking wizza was fucking me mood up too i think on top of everything else, upset the microbiome and all
Gonna fuck you up.
Another night where my brain decides 4 hours of sleep is enough. Nearly a full week of this shit now. How the fuck can I be so so tired and yet unable to stay asleep for 8 hours. This shit is grim, I cannot function properly at all.
yeah you'd have to deal with black lung and smallpox
literally everyone died of black lung and smallpox
Same energy
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU BRITISH FUCKS!
Makeup is cheat mode for girls. What's us lads got? Only our genetics.
I would never be a night wagie. That's fucking rough. I am a permaneet.
No ones stopping you from using make up
Yeah she's gonna be walking on eggshells now after what she did the other week.
Makeup doesn't work that well for men doofus.
goodness gracious what a goblin
Pussy, you're too scared to try
As an American, I'm sure your only reason to live is guns. However we are capably of finding other things in life to care about.
wob centre toil in less than 45 minutes and I don't want to go lads, I'm scared.
what a faggy pussyass british comeback
Just reposting on this cloudy Tuesday morning with a few tweaks
May the 1st treat you right, 
With brighter mornings
And a shorter night. 
May the 10th make it good, 
On the promises made
Just like it should. 
May the 15th give no cause, 
To look back 
At long-closed doors. 
May the 23rd be so kind, 
To the faces with smiles 
That they lined. 
May the 31st feel fulfilled, 
About the days 
And hours and minutes killed.
I don't wanna go but I have to lads... someone give me some words of encouragement... I'm about to leave soon...
I go now lids
into the unknown... I will be stronger than the wob centre monkey, he will try and sanction me but I mustt stand strong and take the beating
Women should not be cops. They're incompetent and weak. She totally deserved that beating. Testosterone wins again.
https://youtu.be/0cfEVe3CCXU [Embed]
might start swimming more regularly, doctor said i need more exercise
might
the only swimming you'll be doing is maybe taking a bath one day
more of a shower guy, me
Was doing some decent singing last week and now can't do it for shit
Breaking news de lads
Due to the increasing number of foreigners complaining about how much the coronation is going to cost it has been moved to to the local job centre 
The king will sign on at 10am and swiftly exit, this is to keep all the pissing and moaning to a minimum, although the local dossers will be up in arms when they wake up and find out Charles didn't have to take a number and sit like a common pleb to receive his bennies
Deep inside Ruth's tuppence
Don't be so fucking vulgar about a young woman. Stupid mong.
Bored of AI pictures and stuff
at this rate it will end up as a shabby ceremony. they're already reusing the hat and chair from the last one. what more do the killjoys want?
Back to work for me tomorrow so I might as well pop into town, it should be dead. 
You wasters spending the day on 4chan as usual? Yeah, figured you would be.
wonder if all the green peace hippies will attempt to mess it up, they have been busy lately
Dosser payday \o/
RAM for me, and waterproof paint for a cat home have been ordered. 
https://youtu.be/NkLwHS13a5c [Embed]
You moved on to human pictures and stuff?
Slow day at work today, just chillin
you are a slave you twat
i shouldnt be awake now because i have to work night shit but i cant sleep anymore, thankyou for reading my blog
Night time security tyrant?
Bumming Ruth
MB supplying school children with H
night time forklift wagie
MB suppIying school children with H
sneezing and wheezing a lot atm
Morning lids
2 days no weers if that's alright with you
soundspacker in outer r9k
he can stay there to
Chap from Belfast
Bearded Belfast Bloke
For me it's day 2 no fap. Let's see if I can do the whole month
Powerful and influential Belfast man
I don't understand why people dont work. It makes life way more bearable. Its like going to school. You talk shit with your mates and do pointless tasks but since youre made to do them you get on with it without fuss and it doesnt even feel that bad. I like talking to customers
Respectfully dressed fellow from Belfast doesn't like having his time wasted
do you sub to startdusts olnyfans?
Very well educated Belfast man
spent 40 quid simping for some italian milf camwhore this morning
fuck sake
Stern man from Belfast doesn't like people messing about
my eyes have gone funny its all dark and blury out of the left side of my vision
what kind of stuff do you forklift
Gentleman from Belfast takes things very seriously.
what kind of stuff do you forklift
sneed and feed
kek even there he resorts to insulting people rather than properly engaging
Highly regarded member of society from Belfast is quite frustrated.
do you sub to startdusts olnyfans
No lid I can't afford to waste money simping
Is there anything lewd on there?
Important Belfast man is really getting wound up now
i dont know i was hoping you'ed know
Well organised and efficient Belfast gentleman hates drivel wasting important time
Belfast man wants people to speak clearly and concisely
The respected individual from Belfast's time is very valuable to him, and he doesn't like it being wasted unnecessarily
I don't understand why people dont work.
A very well respected and highly regarded man in Belfast, his time important, yet being wasted by a torrent of drivel
Cuz were not bootlickers who need constant validation when licking floors for shekleberg
I wanna get assfucked and creamed by Chad
What is your legal argument?
"A climate emergency has been declared"
Super sprouting spud. Had a fair few of the buggers.
Might goon later desu lids
what are you replying to mihai
Potatopia.
no aussies allowed in britfeel
Holy fuck, not on its side, the fuggers upside down, kek, g'day.
Cos I'm socially inept and too much of a slow minded retard to do the most basic of tasks
Do you have any other legislative of prescedent evidence?
'Sinn Fein are opposed to this'
G'afternoon anono.
Why aren't you doing NNM? Time to kick your degenerate ways!
SSM is busy doing hard graft today
that's a big scotch bonnet seed
that's a big scotch bonnet seed
For you.
we're not bootlickers
said by anon who lives in his mums spare bedroom living off of scraps and pretending hes a maverick bad boy
Same lad. I just lie in bed with my eyes shut and nothing happens. Then it's 11am and I haven't slept a wink. 
My eyebrow is twitching right now from stress and sleep deprivation.
Just bought a new phonecase after 5 years. Current one is fucking minging
i feel better now that was scary
SPACCA found about three dozen Apus locked into a small cell beneath a NEET's goon cave this morning.It'll be highly unlikely any of those frens can be rehabilitated back into the general population. The fact this deranged coomer managed to acquire so many Helping Frogs before authorities were eventually called in is heartbreaking. There'll be a vigil at the Wumpafarian Community Church at 2pm if anyone wants to come down. We're just off Feel Street.
clean bike
clean chain
oil chain
clean car 
Feeling productive today de lads, shame its back to slavery tomorrow
clean my dick, cutie
So far today i have:
Started priming my latest gunpla kit
Eaten pizza
Declined going out with frens
The search for a cute lad on the internet continues
good for you mate is it a bicycle or a motorbike
just a little 125 lad, beats being a bus wanker any day tbqh
might buy a motorcycle too
smol bikes are fun
stealing the apu btw
they're quite cheap and you can repair them yourself unlike modern cars
sometimes i shit three times a day, sometimes i dont shit for days, strange
need a femboy to sit on my lap and give me kisses
Holy fuck what is with all the child killing lately?
Seems like every week a baby is just getting dunked on
breakdown of the traditional nuclear family init?
bf beating you up mihai?
I also need a femboy to sit on my lap and give me kisses
t. femboy
*pench the crisps"
no pinch the butter
yes pinch it no not the crisps
Wuppagrind mode initiated.
Today's chores
shave (since I forgot to do it last night)
wash beddington covers
get a few things at the shoppington
don't wuttington
It's a hard life but someone has to do it.
Just got up me phwoar
Unemployed spastic was babbling about too thru the walls when i took me muffs off just now in the bed, and i could hear two of his slams bleed through just now 
Think i'll do a little tour to counteract the cabin fever this asshole's been causing
Anyone get a lot of "single use code" requests from hotmail?
Im getting around 4-6 a week at the minute
When you read down to the part that says "What happens if i didnt request this code?" all you get is some pissy excuse
If you didnt request this then you dont have to do anything, it may have been requested by mistake
What is going on de lads? Cunts trying to hijack my email account?
Gonna wait and see how i'll feel within 30, then i'll decide on whether or not i'll get this other thing over with today
Earlier i got this out of the way the better, it only keeps dragging me down and thus persents a net negative that ought to be dealt with swiftly. Like a painful thorn in the side if you will
change your passwords mate
Enjoying this cooler weather atm
Living with a hidden disability fish odour syndrome.
any of you lads with british gas what are they like?
7 emails later and its changed
Jesus christ they love these single use codes for fuckin everything 
Will keep an eye out for anymore emails
Can't even do [redacted] without [redacted] happening.
Boggles the mind, really.
god there's some mental people out there
Yep. This the nice medium between the freezing cold of winter and sufficating heat of summer. It womfy x
NEW SEASIDE JUST DROPPED
https://youtu.be/ccLYHr1rt-Q [Embed]
NEW SEASIDE JUST DROPPED
Bombshell contained within.
One of my Hotmail accounts has multiple login attempts every day from poo in loo countries and China. Pretty sure at some point my email and an old password ended up on a pastebin somewhere and these dumb pajeet botnets keep trying to login.
Mate who I haven't seen for months keeps phoning me. He needs to fuck off, cba for a drink today. Blocked his number lmao. Not drinking until Friday me.
There's no way HHL can continue to go on through No Masturbation May at the rate he is posting ASMR goddesses. He has never completed a No Nuttington in his life.
Day 6 of learning Spanish on duolingo. Going good. Hola! Mi namo es guitar lad. Me encanta tocar la guitarra!
Sex crimes or sexy crimes?
I thought it was 'me llamo' or 'me nombre es'
If I make day 10 I will be happy tbqh.
We all no wuttington in life x
That's more formal I believe, mi namo is more informal and generally chatty.
Tu hablas espanol?
/britfeel/ confession: I'm actually behind most of the Anti-London posting but generally prefer it to my own irrelevant provincial town
Nahh very poorly, that's why I was curious. I learned it in school but didn't take it seriously, and have made lazy attempts to learn it since then a couple of times. Lovely language though
Kek
Aren't most of his organs fucked?
He tried selling them to CEX but they weren't interested so he thought fuck it, I'll give 'em away.
I'm extremely quick at picking things up so hopefully I can get to grips with the basics in a few months. My gf speaks like a machine gun with other Spaniards and I'm terrible at rolling my tongue. I'd be happy just to be able to read at firsr
Is there any way of curing anxiety without drugs?
Japan to ban upskirting
woke brigade taking over one of the last few based countries. fuck this gay earth man
Mummy just told me she isn't going to be making dinner tonight lads as parents are going out. Might order a cheeky takeaway but fuck me prices are so expensive now. Even the cheap paki places I would order from have gone up. It's either that or some frozen fish fingers which I'm really not in the mood for.
Someone give me 20 quid eh?
I was diagnosed in 2005 by Sheffield university and 5 great guys plus one knows some one who worked at sheffield university in 2005.
"Religion... Errrr... Think a was born a jew"
selects Jewish
Huh, news to me.
Think a was born a jew
Organ donation is opt out now so either this video is old, or he's fucking stupid.
Don't like this revelation
Kind of sad this is literally your only ambition in life.
His bollocks are sixteen months twenty eight hours without being done in. We're not sure how many times they've been done in, so its impossible to tell whether they can be saved or not.
where do people get their book torrents from nowadays? last one i used was shut down by the fbi
He has his coronation flags up on the wall so the video is recent.
Back from a weekend of camping in Anglesey dee lats
It were lush
Then he's a moron.
If you hate this thread so much then how come you're here practically all day every day making new threads saying how much you hate it?
I only drop in on this thread from time to time and half the threads are by you with an OP saying how much you hate it
Pretty sad to keep spending your time here if it makes you seethe so much
Tzedekah coming on strong.
Non-regulars don't get a say in /britfeel/ matters.
I use Jackett for integrated searching within qBittorrent.
If you can't be arsed setting that up then just use 1337x.to or rarbg.to.
I only drop in on this thread from time to time
Sure mate, sure.
Didn't notice his yarmulke at first lmao
I can spend a fiver between now and Friday morning
Homeownership is truly a wonderous thing
I'm going to spend all day every day in a thread I hate to tell people how much I hate it! Grrr!
Okay
I'm not on here that often, I go to other boards mostly.
He's been dead nearly 5 years. Miss this fella.
I actually enjoy the mass audits. Too many whingers out there.
Nice, hope you properly enjoyed
Have never been myself but reckon I'd like it
Giving Ruth a good bumming
Would be great if you could not sexualise my bae. Not cool.
Frenchie being insistent I go see her in Paris. She literally doesn't no for an answer
Tipfu gave me some of those big ikea bags today. I must have accidentally done the tip mating ritual last time I was there. Unsure if it's what I said, or if it was raining, or a combination of them both, but struggling with something in the rain, and swearing to myself, seems to have activated her receptors.
1 post on average every 23 minutes.
/britfeel/... is finished. The coomspammers like footmong and hhl managed to kill this thread.
Just want 2017 britfeel back
it weren't the tripfaggots that killed this thread it was the fucking coomers.
Have you tried saying non?
little known fact about amer: he is a paedophile
Ban the internet personalityfags and people will return
Waking up to this every morning must make you feel like a very lucky man.
Thoughts on Primark?
I like it because it's so damn cheap. And the clothes are fine I think. They look fine and they last a while. I had some Next jeans and they lasted no longer than my Primark jeans before ripping, despite costing at least 3 times as much.
The downside is the closest one to me is a while away. I could try Matalan which is closer but I dunno, Matalan looks a bit shit to me.
i dont buy garbage made in china
Based Bangladeshi clothes enjoyer
Tell me your poor without saying you're poor.
i only wear clothes that are made in the UK
Seriously underrated post this one
Reminds me to buy more vests
Can't decide what to wank to this evening
Milfs?
Big tits?
Trannies?
Sissy hypnosis?
Hmm
i only wear clothes that mummy buys me
*hops your fence and tramples over your flowerbed*
alright mate just doing a straight line challenge
Hope Gibi doesn't get any more tattoos desu. They really do look utter shit.
Checked them trips senpai
Her overbite is cute. Too many lads want a perfect gf.
Might make some more SSM Jew edits
kek even the audit watching mongs can see mass auditing is fucking cringe.
DJ banned me from commenting on his channel lmao. He didn't like me pointing out he heavily moderates the comments section. 
Good job I have like 10 YT accounts lmao.
I'm fucking hungry but mummy is out. It not RIGHT.
trannies need to be milked regularly
I burnt my hand and it hurts bad. I have no girlfriend to make it better. I can barely post. It's over for me.
Fell in to the Goon relapse video rabbit hole 
Fockin ell
Hope you burn your other hand
can you still mastrubate?
You'd think he'd be open to constructive criticism.
Hope not. 200 degrees of pizza sauce because I didn't want it to slip on the floor.
Yes with my dominant hand.
A obnoxious man who goes round making people upset and angry has a wife and kid. I thought women hate those sorts of men.
Shes fat and ugly mate, cant call that pig a woman
You are jealous of his successful YouTube career, his beautiful wife and sweet little sprog. Not a good look mate.
Is it against GDPR to post people's photos here?
apus need to be fed regularly
Women with tattoos are fucking gross.
Ukrainian refugee impregnated by BWC
Well that's what love is like in your late 30s.
Mihai you just doxxed yourself
does she really have the monster logo tattooed on her hand?
as a policewoman no less
what poster do you hope to see exposed?
I was watching some Russian whore getting fucked by BWC on LegalPorno yesterday
Lollers or Footlad.
Auditing /britfeel/
foot twat never post anymore and hhl spends his life here but id water spam mong 
you
And hhl roll out the most routines and it is pathetic. britfeel is dead and not even the coomers post here anymore. Bar helper turd ofc
You silly plonker.
Swannykins won.
He does it quite regularly, I genuinely think the lad is too mentally ill to care
look spam mong ruined these threads and thats fact coz lollers rarely is here and same with foot turd and vhs lad and guitar lad never here uhm 
but spam mong is here all day same as that turd helper mong. nothing better to do
1. Broken barrier
2. Lifebouy No rope
3. Earth strip trip hazard
4. Waterlogged grit bin
you can extract the codeine from the co-codamol just look it up online
Pretty sure he doesn't give a flying fuck really. Those police are sick of people like him constantly wasting their time. There's not much they can do about it either.
NOOOOOOOO YOU CANT HELP IMPROVE THE LOCAL COMMUNITY
he's got the soijacks ready
The Police has no authority for that 
That's the local council's work
They're just LARPing as important men with clipboards who get to tell others what to do. Grown adults playing lets pretend for attention, it's sad.
MY SHIT IS BLACK PLEASE ADVISE
Pizza on the way. Yum yum yum
even a detective sergeant falls for their bait.
https://youtu.be/wdNXOTLuX0k [Embed]
He informs the business of said issues. He's only telling the police because they ask what he's doing.
ello ello lads x
watching severance me quality kimo tv
identify yourself properly dickhead
based
Jesus christ these people need to get jobs
DJ Audits is one of the biggest auditors on YT and almost certainly makes more than the average wagie.
Correction then, he needs to get a life.
He needs to spend his free time on 4chan like you do doing fuck all?
At least DJ does actually try to do some real auditing, unlike the guy in this video >>73176372 who just stands outside police stations shouting dickhead through the gates.
He runs a business selling cheap, dangerous ac adaptors imported from china. Looks like he needs an audit.
I finished my job (which contributes to society) about an hour ago.
I'm neet but I do help support society by keeping video games developers in jobs.
Flip a lot of burgers today?
From 
Comfy mytery box show only a few characters are likeable the rest are meh but still quite good also some cute girls in it 
Severance 
quality dark comedy scifi show with blessed performances and shot extremely well 
cheers x
Buttfucking smells
My gold-digging bitch showed her true colors earlier again, kek 
... Was bitching about me supposedly """making false promises""" to her or whatever, and i gave her a little reality check in response (life isn't a perfect fairy tale, you're not a princess, you won't run into the perfect alpha Ubergigachad with a ready-made house and what have you straight away and have to actually sit your hoe ass down and INVEST yourself too, only then may good things grow from the relationshit given enough time). 
Really sickening bullshit she's pulled in the last two weeks/since april 18th overall though - Especially the way she's deliberately damaged and trashed the whole relationshit for no reason when things were going just fine before she started chimping out again due to her own mental health and fertility issues.
Bizarrely enough she also proposed to "freeze the relationship" until i've got the other stuff taken care of. Told her that that's fucking nonsense since she might meet another dude or i might meet another lass in the meantime, and that we either have a committed relationshit going or not. Also left the option of being fuckbuddies/FWB's open to her, it vaguely sounded like she'd be receptive to that too from the vibes i got in her sparse and overall disjointed/incoherent written responses since saturday. 
Gonna check back one last time tomorrow at noon and told her as much too, but i don't expect anything from it. In fact i'm just about ready to wish her roasty ass a nice life and good luck in finding a rich guy (which she's apparently looking for) that's going to put up with all of her shit, especially with her SMV about to hit rock bottom in the coming years.
AWALT bros, AWALT... If a non-ugly bitch still remains single after hitting 30 then there's a fucking reason for other guys having dodged her and not having put a ring on her yet. Always keep this in mind me laddies.
SEASIDE BEER REVIEW
https://youtu.be/ei7Jkh47WUE [Embed]
SEASIDE BEER REVIEW
Studland Bay Wreck for him deee laads.
Can't wait to film some hot zoomer girls with their butts out this summer in public. Nothing they can do about it. They will be going up on YouTube and TikTok. My video, my copyright.
Don't have time to read that.
Just completed episode 1 of Project Warlock 2
Top game desu
What kinda binoculars do I need for looking in folks windows from far away? The naming convention is confusing. Can't they just say "good for perving from X meters away". Or would I be better with a telescope?
Asking for me.
He spent 7 minutes saying it great it lovely it lush
And he's bored of his other gimmick for now, so it's back to posting fat dosser man.
all posters are one man
xD
Garn have some din-din soon me
I've thought about it but it wouldn't be exciting given most people have blinds and curtains. Also you can't help but think you'll be noticed.
All this talk in the news about the coronation really makes me crave a coronation chicken sandwich. Can you ever get them anymore? Can't remember the last time I ever saw it in a meal deal
Downs the whole bottle in 7 mins. spacker
One day we'll have tiny cameras we can remotely fly no bigger than the size of a bumble bee. Just think of all the places you could get into.
Lush?
It LUSH
Lovely?
It's a lovely.
Sulphites?
No sulphites no hangover
Flavour
Nice lovely.
It Great?
It Great.
All the way?
It's all the way.
Bubbly
It's a bubbly.
That's a LUSH/LUSH. Nothing better than grafting hard day and having a nice beer.
One day you'll find meaningful employment
Shame you will never be able to afford them.
I am a mildly successful man
Redid the colour of the Donovan track from next week. Not sure it's as good. Better guitar work though
https://voca.ro/1dEz0oQFN6y4
Soon as her vaxxmaxxed parents she's leeching off of/is living at die the bitch will have no options left whatsoever
She'll end up as an AIDS-ridden cat-hoarding prostitute if she keeps this entitled and unrealistic attitude of hers up, lmao
Like bitch, you're not even a stacy lite and your genetics are less than stellar. All those moles aren't doing you any favours either. Your SMV is fucking tanking right now and keeps getting lower with each day, no amount of cope may change this.
I'm not offering her a bad deal, not at all. If she thinks she can hold out for some random Gigachad to pick her roasty ass up she's in for a bad surprise and rude awakening. 
I can totally see now why looksmaxxed men go for young fertile women in their early 20's exclusively. These 30+ women, no matter where they're from, are all sheltered and entitled as fuck and need a reality check (they always find someone else to blame for their own misery and NEVER take responsibility for it either, like my own bitch just demonstrated to me). 
That is the only way they may learn from their own fuckups and piss-poor decision making in life.
Foreskin games
Is that the jewish version of squid game?
It's the Jewish version of countdown
It was still good.Do you get to save the songs on vocaroo?, you could look for software to isolate the vocals, and you could try to mix the vocals and instrumental together.
>/int/181324537
Fat Greg sat in /deutsch/ linking all soundspackers posts
SAD!
Phwoar me fartinghams stink
I just record them on my voice notes app. My voice wasn't great today and the guitar sounds clunky on repeat listening. May have to record it again
No foreskin for me my lads.
We kosher all the way kosher all the way.
No trefah for me my lads.
Its mitzvah all the way.
jewish countdown
Till the usury payment?
Me? Listening to LBC in bed
Me? Wanking in bed
Giz another listen to the first version. I can handle 2 toe tappers inna day.
Chavs wear 400 quid trainers but live in a council house that smells like burnt spaghetti
Not right away but things will go down in time.
I don't think that's even possible for me.
Big black turdesque willies going in and out of white girl's tuppences and shitboxes
Pakis wear flip flops
No toe protection
Mad innit
She likes her lads with British citizenship.
We need to send the pakis and niggers back.
Guinness poo?
Loves having white men colonising her Turkish tuppence, needs some Anglo-Saxon to go with her Persian genes
Her Muslim family will not approve of these photos showing all that skin when they see them.
The people in here are of such a low quality
https://voca.ro/1d9c6hgkQTrU
Here you are
His poor heart will be broken someday when she gets her British citizenship and he has served his purpose to her. Then it's onto the BBC.
Trying to convince a mate to come and see a house techno DJ I like in a couple of weeks but most of my mates don't like dance music, and I only really do when I'm on mdma, so I'm going to this one because I have a hankering to do some mdma. 
I'll even pay for their ticket and give them drugs, how could you possibly say no? Actually I know why, both of the friends in the area have children and being around toddlers on a comedown is my personal hell. 
If they say no I'll probably go on my own, nobody can really tell when you're in the rave zone
Why would she opt for BBC over BWC
Tiny 5ft girls crave being dominated by some BBC. Don't you watch Blacked?
At least Gibi's bf isn't black.
Blacked?
Not realistic, and from the screencaps I've seen some of them have quite mediocre penises for pornstars
Built for BBC that arse.
Lovely normal lads, chatting about penises
Just seen there's a download button. 
Oh yeah.
gibs all da monies
argh dunt shout mr bandit
I shoot soon
nooo
pow pow pow
No but he's an IRL soijak
No I have literally never watched blacked, I dont have a fixation on other race's dicks and everyone that does has been taken in by the cabal
Be me earlier driving along the road
Fat schizoid boomer mummy walking her dog up ahead in the middul of the street
Ring me bell like 10 meters ahead to let her know i'm about to pass
Takes a small step to the side too
Just as i'm passing her she's like looking to the side an suddenly spazzes out/twitches around
Hear her making some kind of hissing sound too
Was almost about to turn around and tell the old fart to get a cochlear implant or something
Seriously, these fucking decrepit boomer fucks should all get locked up in retirement homes if they can't even do basic navigation without getting themselves into trouble
So sick and tired of these slow retarded fucks clogging up everything everywhere they go. Why the fuck couldn't these clotshots have been even more safe and effective
I have a buzz cut + a learning disability.
How was work LSFPL?
I have learned to really enjoy her ASMR lately. She is pretty fun and also cute.
Not too bad thank you! saw some nasty woman on my way home push over some teenager for supposedly littering so I had a go at her. I don't like arguing but couldn't let that go. I need to relax now.
It's time to lose.
Not him but, is that her on the left?
Society is suffering an epidemic of entitled single women in their 30's refusing to settle down for a man. The long-term ramifications of this are not fully evident yet, but i'm sure future historians shall be thrilled about untangling them.
There's an active auditor out there who was jailed for beating up his ex and causing GBH. It's lads like that that give a bad reputation to the rest. He's even done privacy requests for Google search results.
Society is suffering an epidemic of melodramatic babby men
We all losers in life de lad
ALRI lads x
I don't think so lid
Brave lad going out facing tyranny.
footfaggot spam incoming
moving off back to the comfy generals.
reads every ssm audit asmr drivel mong post happily 
sees a cute girl 
 naaaah uncomfortable this off to spam Brit me 
fucking low iq mongs the lot of you
youre in the comfy general my leeed
she ain't even attractive lad. least post females in their prime.
saw some nasty woman on my way home push over some teenager for supposedly littering
based nasty woman
I think my Primark clothes are made in Myanmar and Bangladesh. Don't think I've seen China on the labels.
Also I don't think it's garbage. It's functional. I used to buy more expensive brands but what's the point. The cost difference is massive.
I'm not that poor, I just don't like wasting money.
kek what video is that?
Holy shit I am not far off his size
what an absolute chumba!
NEW BEER REVIEW
https://youtu.be/MMCIMnG_Y7c [Embed]
NEW BEER REVIEW
Cerne Abbas Dorset Real Ale review has DROPPED.
Lush?
It LUSH. It PURE FUCKING LUSH.
Heritage?
Best traditional Dorset ale in Dorset. 
Lovely?
It's a fucking lovely if that's alright with you? This is a fucking lovely beer.
Sulphites?
No sulphites no hangover just good old fashioned Cerne Abbas Beer
Flavour
It smooth. It delicious. It golden. You can taste the quality
It Great?
It Great.
It Local?
It's local.
All the way?
It's all the way. Oh it's all the fucking way.
Bubbly
It's not a bubbly. It real ale. It smooth.
Went down a good'un that did. Best brewery he ever been to. He awards this beer 10/10.
Did the lass on the left not get the email about making her hand look like an L, or has she yet to unlock that on her skill tree?
She's finally happy now she's free of the hand tyrant. She knows it's an L because she sees its an L.
https://youtu.be/DzfC5hS-qEc [Embed]
get off de boooze
evenings is younger women camwhoring
mornings is older women camwhoring once the house is empty
shades indoors
Absolute mad lad
Peterson explaining why momemes always ruin relationshits for no good reason:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kts485UTJwk [Embed]
*in broken english*
there's three of them fucking hell
Disgusting behaviour
Always Most
They're good for stuff to wear around the house but that's about it really
Do your parents not like you looking at older women?
No! Dammit Margaret its sickening. When I was a lad I kept it to my age group. Yesterday, I caught him, and she looked like somebody I saw at your school reunion. He's perverted I tell you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZkUqz2WZI [Embed]
Large jewish tits
I don't drink alcohol. Haven't for about 4 years.
B-b-born J-jewish
Some t-girls are very beautiful.
reckon anon's mum camwhores while he goes to the job centre, little extra money on the side ya know
Reckon his jobseeker's advisor is watching his mum camwhoring on his ancient PC
not with that facial bone structure
troons should be blindfolded and shot in the back of the head.
I don't know why I'm so undesirable. I want to do lovely couple things.
coooor just got the fit blonde bird Hannah on expanded tv to make me cum for her big massive tits bimbo
On them wuppas tonight. Could have went out for a few wints but thought fuck it rather save meself for the weekend. Garn get womfy and find a film to watch before beddingtons.
Nobody is a nice daft, short action film in the style of John Wick if you haven't seen it
vaginal muscles may become lax with age, childbirth or illness, which sometimes may lead to incontinence or a loss of sensation during sexual intercourse. This can have a negative impact on a woman's self-esteem and mental wellbeing.
this is depressing,
Fancy a good sci-fi film me.
I'd let these thots bust my balls desu
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
Honestly just fucking kill yourself already.
Explosion outside Wuckingham Walace coooooor
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-65464885
Sames de lid. I love bratty goddesses x
Reading that in her voice was so hot
wow it's fucking nothing. just a looney.
Setting up a new WiFi router is a right pain in the arse, especially when you have lots of devices connected to it. Some at 2.4 GHz and some at 5 GHz. Just a right carry on tbqh.
get a job you dull repetitive mong.
that one time took you a week setting up a printer
We're not zoomers anymore. Tech gets harder as you age
Simple as
Embrace Jesus
Do you want a wife and children
thinking zoomers these days know tech beyond phone apps
Imagine being longhoused in 2023
What do you mean 'longhoused'
Looks like sour grapes schizospeak to me
If i were a wageslave i'd make just as much as i'm doing on NEETbuxx, it literally makes no difference. Yet women act like it does lol
Okay? Thanks for letting us know
Phwoarrr can feel the din-din kicking in proper right now me
We don't care mate. Join some discord server.
We shouldn't tolerate Germans in our thread
What exactly do you propose we do about it?
T. Nervous kraut
I could help you out. I work in ICT.
Y'all be keepin' it womfy ya hear? Feel Street ain't no town for the unwomfortable, the coomer, the seether. 
Wumpa Posse patrollin' Feelshire tonight.
Yeah because it's not about the money genius. It's about dignity and pride
Don't even bother mate. People posting here are manchild dossers with zero ambition in life.
having pride, dignity and ambition? wouldn't get me a gf
Having a wot woodle me x
I broke my finger 2 years ago and it still doesn't look right. It's all swollen in the middle. My fingers are pretty big anyway so who knows.
What's it like having long fingers? I have horrible short ones that make me feel terribly insecure. They're not fat, just short
It's alright, never known any different desu. I can reach things more easily but I am quite tall so it's all proportionate for the most part. I'd say short fingers are more fem and long ones are more masculine but depends on the individual though.
That's exactly what people longhoused would say
Mine are short but not dainty. I feel like everyone stares at them when I'm in public. I don't know I care so much.
Watching Wald and Wankrupt's Wenezuela vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ijIo8X2_h4 [Embed]
We all clinically obese in life
Nah just cut down on your porklife mate get some exercise
I don't think I've ever looked at a strangers fingers while out in public. Face, clothes, hair, and general body shape yeah, but fingers? Nope, not even hands unless they are wearing bright nail polish or something. You're worried for no reason lad.
I know. I look for things to be insecure about. It's a strange one, because I love the way I look usually. Hmph
Are Wald and Wankrupt's videos proofs that White people are more "exotic" than non-whites now. I mean, if a random black guy from Africa went to London or Paris and walked around nobody would bat an eyelid but Bald goes to any third world country and gets followed around and stared at like an alien by the locals. Kind of makes sense when you remember White Europeans only make up 7% of the global population.
Your mum (and yes the circulated photo is her) is fucking ugly
still cringe at that time a older women randomly stopped me and asked for directions to the station. i thought for a few seconds, nervously laughed and said i didn't know. thing is i did know, i'm just bad when put on the spot like that. social anxiety is fucking annoying. and fuck my brain for replaying this moment over and over in my head tonight.
Speak for yourself. I'm 9 st on the dot
Once a woman stopped me and asked for directions to a pub and I got it mixed up and directed her to one about a 10 minute walk away. The pub she wanted was one I had been to multiple times and was about 2 streets away. I didn't realise for hours.
It NNM day 3 x
Wear these cat ears and be my gf
Sorry but I am a heterosexual
Ahh sorry LSFPL didn't see this. I got the WiFi router working fine it's just a few devices won't connect that's all. I'm pretty sure I know what I need to do but it can wait until tomorrow.
No worries chap, hope it all goes alright. Configuring wireless devices on a network is something I do at work sometimes because we use MAC filtering for security on our private Wi-Fi. But generally just setting up a home one is fairly straight forward I reckon. You got this.
Ugh
Foiled again...
I think the issue is that some devices won't connect on a 5 GHz frequency. Apparently, all I need to do is go into the admin settings of the hub and switch it to 2.4 GHz and the devices should connect without an issue. We shall see tomorrow.
Yeah sounds about right lad. 5 GHz and even 6 are usually quicker but 2.4 spreads further and can penetrate through walls so you're safer going with that just in case. Also that's a very cute Asian girl.
Holy large jewish tiddies batman
My current guesstimate on the relationshit being saved by morphing into FWB-like mode is about 25-30% max overall, probably less
I went all-out again now and pulled out all the stops today, but it's extremely fucking questionable that this will have been enough considering the amount of emotional uncoupling and stonewalling she's pulled off within the past two weeks 
If she's monkeybranched on me already with some rando Chad from her home cunt who's going to pump and dump her (the most likely scenario imo and one of the only plausible explanations for her behaviour) then it's -100% 
Gonna take a shitton of new lessons and experiences about femoid bullshittery out of this either way thoughbeit. They really are all the same fucking exact gold-digging bitches beneath the thin surface, lol 
Should probably try to liftmaxx or sommet i'm thinking, looksmaxxing decreases the chances of this exact type of shit occuring in any given relationshit
Having one more wuppa then I'm off to beddingtons me.
Fartingtons coming on strong today corr
I got this in my YouTube recommendations lmao.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ6InMbKzvA [Embed]
you do know thats a man?
We all slaves to our fetishes in life x
I go sleeps now. May the rest of the /nightguard/ shift be womfy and free of seethies. Good nightingtons x
Garn call it within the next 10-30 i reckon
Phwoarr we all page fiveington in life
Women can find love if they're unemployed. Men can't.
Those things can help but let's be honest here...most women want a good looking man. Genetics, lookism. I can't fix that.
up all night making photo copies
Hes up all night to make copies
Hes up all night to make copies
Hes up all night to make copies
I wonder how Ruth is getting on. Hope she's doing ok.
cat is doing her routine AGAIN
another day toil ahead but it be worth it when payday comes oh yes! Got the finale of severance tonight and might watch Alien after 
Hope all my sound lads are smiling x
you are a real turd with no life.
Poo poo man
Poo poo myth 
Poo poo legend
That's not my fault entirely.
Toil can be fun desu
Wednesday mornings are gay
Because your boss bums you on hump day?
If you drink, at all, stopping drinking completely will help a lot in the long term.
Been an eventful week, compost day on Monday, potato day Tuesday, RAM day today, firestick day today.
Been messing with my doss schedule, but it's worth it.
Previous slowest thread : 32 hours 6 minutes
Current thread: 32 hours 55 minutes with 50 posts left
/britfeel/ is on life support
A slower thread is good.
For this one, let's try for 33 hours 33 minutes.
Wake up, it's thread up time get time
COME ON
Annual drawfag meeting 2023
The first rule of funny an hero club is, YOU DON'T TALK ABOUT FUNNY AN HERO CLUB!
He couldn't help but involve himself. "You could be using that for crime." Nutter.
https://youtu.be/L6CabepQ_CU [Embed]
No camera, no WiFi, does have Internet but needs to be installed, which I won't be doing. It's got snake, a torch, radio so I can listen to localFM.
Can film anything really in public. Even a school playground, the beach, someone bleeding out from a stab wound. All legal.
I wish these people would not get all concerned about being filmed. They should be aware there is no expectation of privacy in public. If I'm going out, I'd wear a mask and create my own privacy.
REEEE its starting to get sunny
This thread started right on the end of a bank holiday weekend. I reckon that had an effect.
Been sunny here for a few hours. I need to venture out before it gets worse.
Bugger, the time has passed for that sweet sweet thread uptime time.
Time of year to have the curtains closed all day
That's all year for me. My house is on a crappy street, where the pavement is outside my window. 0 privacy.
Morning all. Slow day wfh today. Got a meeting at 11 but other than that all chill. What's going on with you lot?
"Your becoming a real miserable shit, you know that?"
t. My co-worker
Guess he's finally catching on
If I was a monarchy trying to seek out dissidents, I'd publicly invite citizens to say a pledge to the new king.
at some point anti-auditors are going to get smart and start wearing suits made of mirrors so they'll only be filiming themselves at the end of the day
