I have completely given up on women.
Same, I have higher goals in life and lusting after some stupid whores.
I'm so ugly even escorts won't see me. I have a 2" penis.
Me too, man. Me too. I wanna stay faithful to my first love even if it means becoming permavirgin. (I will never meet her again
I gave up on women in uni, simply weighed the investment cost for an ugly short low income dude like myself to create a possibility of touching female genitals, and decided that videogames and booze are easier and cheaper
I have completely given up on women
Turn to escorts and life becomes a Mans playground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohOtDA3dTAA [Embed]
Good music taste anon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSKp94wMEu0 [Embed]
and how does that make you feel? i found out giving up on women to be incredibly liberating. i could almost say it has freed me from incelism and making my life worth living instead of just suffering because "tfw no gf". the only thing i wish is to be able to give up on them sooner but i guess biology programming was way stronger back then.
cant blame you lads. Ive always been on the loner side but I had some romance going in government school. But if you take young relationships for granted, dont build anything real out of them and fall off the life path, the difficulty spikes up to nightmare-hell mode. Its like a bunch of inescapable catch 22s fucking you in the ass while clown world fucks you in the face.
I was not surprised at all to discover zoomies were looking up to this Andrew Tainte guy for guidance. Poor zooms didnt get to experience real childhoods and their every awkward moment was recorded in high definition. And the so called alpha generation was cucked by Orwellian mask mandates and shit, sacrificed on the altar for no reason. Theyre going to harbor some real justified resentment
But if you take young relationships for granted,
What makes you think that me or any of the other fine gentlemen in this thread ever had that in the first place?
Would read poetry written by you anon. And I hate reading poetry...
I didnt. I was always friendly with the bottom of the barrel kids and like i said, played the loner most of the time. But dont kid yourself, this board is overrun with normals and attention whoring women these days. true robots are outnumbered/extinct and the average poster is more like a failed normie who never put in effort to improve his situation
It doesnt matter anyway, by 30 everyones in the same boat
