this shit is not fucking real these bitches are just fucking psychopaths.
Would still date a 'fucking psychopath' - but they'd never want me either of course
dont be retarded anon if a bpdemon hits you up dont reply.
borderline is not a disorder, it's just how most women are
How would you know she has it?
hello kitty sanrio satan traumacore hyperpop piercings goth style
bpds are actually secondary psychopaths, primary psychopathy is something different
BPD is really just Vulnerable Narcissism but women fool people into believing they actually care about anyone other than themselves far more often than men.
in my experience bpd dont want help they just want an excuse to be insane
BPD girls can fucking all kill themselves. They are not cute or fun or intense in a romantic way - they are simply and only recipe for disaster and heartbreak. Fuck those lying whores 
That's a good start to see it coming but it's really hard to detect. As the other anon said BPD girls are demons, they will fuck your life over. Do not engage with them AT ALL FUCKING COST
Yeah the girl I knew with BPD didn't have any of that.
The only early warning thing is she liked goth culture but dressed normally. No piercings, no tattoos, raised Catholic, STEM graduate degree, very little experience in bed, but it turned out she was a complete psycho behind the quiet exterior. This took time to show itself.
One thing is she listed herself as bisexual on the dating profile but a lot of girls do that.
npd and bpd are 2 different disorders and the thought processes that are behind them are completely different faggot retard
you just want a meaner name to call them because narcissist sounds worse than borderline.
she will probably have it posted on social media to some capacity because they see it as some cute sexy trait. i know this girl who thinks that men seek her out for having bpd because apparently it makes them kinky. wtf
im a girl with bpd. im not a psychopath and would never physically harm anyone. the only time i become toxic is if someone mistreats me. otherwise i am extremely kind sweet and nice.
Kek.
Too many good coincidences
Yes, most of these applied to her. She was excited when I just invited her to meet the second time. She got mad at me for cheating on her in a dream she had. Then she wanted an open relationship because she was afraid I wouldn't commit to her. Many things like that.
Mirrors you
Yes, most of these applied to her. She was excited when I just invited her to meet the second time. She got mad at me for cheating on her in a dream she had. Then she wanted an open relationship because she was afraid I wouldn't commit to her. Many things like that.
History of unstable relationships including friendships and family
Yes, most of these applied to her. She was excited when I just invited her to meet the second time. She got mad at me for cheating on her in a dream she had. Then she wanted an open relationship because she was afraid I wouldn't commit to her. Many things like that.
Gets mad for petty bullshit
Yes, most of these applied to her. She was excited when I just invited her to meet the second time. She got mad at me for cheating on her in a dream she had. Then she wanted an open relationship because she was afraid I wouldn't commit to her. Many things like that.
Too good too soon
Yes, most of these applied to her. She was excited when I just invited her to meet the second time. She got mad at me for cheating on her in a dream she had. Then she wanted an open relationship because she was afraid I wouldn't commit to her. Many things like that.
Unfortunately this didn't apply. Contrary to memes BPDs can either be sex demons or frigid. It's one or the other unfortunately.
"BPD and sex can complicate even the longest-standing relationships. Those diagnosed with borderline tend to be sexually impulsive or sexually avoidant. Sexual impulsivity can lead to an increased rate of risky behaviors such as unprotected sex and sexual avoidance can negatively impact romantic relationships."
Yet bpd are the mentally unwell ones. Lmao okay.
Good luck with that kiddo.
BPD is NPD don't be fooled guys.
I am an angel not a demon.
you're really fucking triggering my autistic knowledge about personality disorders I want to beat the ever-loving fuck out of you right now
Yes I'm sure all you BPD foids are real sweethearts.
bpds are fucking insane and psychopathic just like npds
I don't have bpd
but bpd is not npd
FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU
All this. I've had a couple friends with BPD (they're unavoidable as friends to any weird girl) and all of these traits are accurate ways of describing them and the relationship stories they tell me.
One thing you should always always ask about is their relationship with their parents. Ask them if they would get into arguments with their parents a lot, and then ask what those arguments were about. She'll skew the details but if the topic at hand doesn't sound like a big deal, it probably wasn't.
Everyone close to you has to walk on eggshells constantly so as to not have you explode and be toxic and they are all secretly tired of it
"Personality disorders" are such a bunch of shit, we don't need specific diagnoses for people who are just cunts, just call them cunts.
You're not making your argument very well just showing how unstable you are. The only purported difference for BPD to NPS is supposedly BPD are capable of caring about others. Which as I've already said this is just because women fool more people and get away with narcissism way more often. As I said don't be fooled guys avoid these females completely.
Narcissists and borderlines are all cunts. Schizoids the only ones with a sane, acceptable and harmless personality disorder.
why am i all of those
Everyone who acts toxic has a justification in their mind, idiot. The mental illness part come in with what you percieve as "mistreatment" and how severly you react. In your case, "mistreatment" (presumably) means petty bullshit that normal people have no issue with
Define what "mistreatment" means to you.
do bpd men have the same symptoms because if so i think i fell in love with one before lmao
bpds are secondary psychopaths definitionally
Female BPD red flag
I'm all of those 
where tf did you get this?
catching flak because you're over the target
are bpds real-world yanderes? i need a yandere gf.
My mom was borderline. I would rather be alone for a billion years than be around another one of those manipulative hateful subhumans again.
Kys (in minecraft and irl)
I love those girls with the giant eyes that rolled a 10 on charisma tbqh, even if they are scary how much power they have
I've been chatting with a BPD girl on discord and it's seemed fine so far, she's a little clingy but I've been waiting for a single person I can dumb all my attention into. Anyway if I abandon her it just proves her right if "being mean" (occasionally) is the worst you're saying ill be dealing with she's going to have to abandon me if she wants to get rid of me.
yeah i have schizoaffective disorder which is like schizophernia and bpd mixed and would not recommend dating us, personally im avoiding relationships because i dont wanna subject people to this shit
Schizoaffective is schizophrenia and bipolar, not bpd
being an incel is not real,this faggots are just insecure
oops i meant to say i bipolar disorder + sep. diagnosed with bpd but you get the point
No problem buddy, hope you can manage it and live well anyway
I'm not sure what to do if I love a girl with BPD.
Dealing with getting blocked and stuff randomly sucks so much.
Something more to your tastes, King:
That's what I never understood. They're so obsessed with people not abandoning them they'll be the first to abandon a person? What?
She unblocks me and accepts my friend requests, she just has meltdowns and it takes time.
She doesn't like actually want the relationship to end.
If she always unblocks you have you asked why she does it in the first place? What's her justification there?
It's just apart of BPD, I learned after I looked up how to deal with a gf who has BPD.
She's professionally diagnosed not saying I diagnosed her myself.
Idk why though maybe I'll ask once she unblocks me.
everyone is a narcissist
the end
Sounds like something a narcissist would say desu
BPD is increasing in males too, gay males have probably the highest rates out of any group, and bpd males tend to be even more overt and worse people, but in my experience they also recover much better. In fact, besides all the memes it has an excellent rate of remission IF the person actually wants to recover.
they wouldn't have unstable relations if they just dated a nice robot and had the willpower to just chill out and care for him and be a good gf.
They really do it to themselves and then act the victim
VN does not exist, it's a bullshit terminology made by a psychoanalyst who has no credentials in the field
Reminder that Anthony Bourdain killed himself because Asia Argento is a bpdemon who cheated on him and extracted money. I Just checked the ig of her daughter. She seems to have become like her mother after all the abuse she must have endured. I feel for her son too.
The only answer: unless she's been in dbt for years seriously, cut her out of your life. You cant be in a relationship with someone who doesnt share the same reality as you or other non psychotic people.
In general relationships with people who have not learned how to manage their maladaptive coping mechanism are inadvisable. But everyone posting on this board is profoundly mentally ill and no one in this thread is in any position to accuse others of having a personality disorder kek
you're right in the sense that all cluster Bs should be avoided when it comes to relationships
