Everyone loves Archive.org, but it's sneakily becoming a centralized site that will encompass everything one day.
Centralized supersites are scary, they might become the next Google.
Also, they're archiving everything for no reason, it's scary. What kind of database are they building on us?
The way I see it, Internet should learn to forget too. Humans didnt evolve to deal with permanent constructs.
no way what if i want to remember some cool obscure thing from 3 years ago
Dude they're not building it to be a novelty item
It's a data gathering dystopia
what kind of damage can they do with it?
In today's times, the one who holds all the data, holds all the power (eg Google)
I dont know what they'll do with this power, it's up to them
I dont like the idea that all my 4chan rants are now permanent
what could they do by archiving things that are publically accessible?? i'm not following.
Changing your strategy, OP?
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73139036/#73139036
Fuck you archivefags.
The internet should be a temporary construct, not a permanent one.
The /b/ from 2005 was temporary, we lived in the moment
Humans themselves are temporal creatures
People these days are scared to speak their minds because they know it will be immortalized for the rest of eternity
Archiving is limiting freedom of speech
sounds like being a pussy to me
let them call me a pedo. i'm not so there's no proof, i'll be fine.
We still havent developed the ability to delete things from the Internet. It's a massive flaw. If we claim everything should be made possible, we need a "forget" button as well.
What's more, we should develop a method to find out what is true or not, because our current heap of data is mostly lies.
AI could generate realistic-looking "proof".
you strike a fair point, but at that point the question of whether or not things should be archived is redundant. the a.i will make realistic evidence and someone could make a false claim and you're fucked either way.
I'm a psychology student and an Internet critic. I made the following experiment
It's funny that they've been screaming at a non-existent person and getting a virtue signal high out of it.
Why do ppl hate pedos so much? I am a pedo. Sue me
you have no idea how much data is kept on you already
