My dream is to be a Twitch streamer. All I want is to be big enough to make maybe a couple thousand a month. But I'm like the opposite of a good streamer. Too ugly to show my face, don't know what I'd say (always surprised by how much streamers come up with to talk about and make it interesting), autistic and awkward, very mid at any game I touch. 
Only way I could see it maybe working is doing it together with my future partner, making them talk half of the time and also possibly give people a reason to watch rather than just another single random person. Would be hard to pull off though and first be with them long enough to trust that we'll stay together, etc.
My cousin is a popular streamer. We aren't especially close but I sometimes mod his chat for him.
It is a difficult life because there is a lot of behind the scenes politics that you have to navigate, and a lot of streamers are also vulnerable to predation from hollywood talent agencies that are consolidating control in the scene. It's not all that you imagine it to be.
Too ugly to show my face
Be a Vtuber
don't know what I'd say
Practice improv on those around you. Play video games while talking to yourself, as if you had an audience listening
autistic and awkward
Think about it as simply talking to air instead of talking to people. That should make it better
And? So are most lets players. Simply captivate your audience with either your talk or your failures. 
It'll be difficult Anon. But if Twitch is something you really wanna do, you can make it. I believe in you
This. And in today's climate, you have to be really careful about everything you say and do. It can get exhausting.
I don't know anything about vtubers 
Are there many who are small and not super popular but still make decent profit? Or is it super top heavy to the more popular ones
I'm not an expert at Vtubers, but it seems that the market is oversaturated with female, Asian streamers. I could definitely see a (presumably) western man filling that niche. I would recommend opening a Patreon once you get enough followers. While you're waiting to get more followers, train your voice to sound deeper and more assertive. 
From there you should be able to spread out into other areas, such as ASMR content and even into podcasting or voice acting.
