just binge DXM for a few weeks, seriously. it makes your dick useless, it takes forever to bust a nut. and by the time you do manage to bust, after like an hour or two of trying, it is so goddamned unsatisfying. you feel horrible and ashamed of yourself afterwards, realizing you just spent a couple of hours for a weak nut.
so, thanks to DXM, I went from jerking it 3-4 times a day to just once every few days. i'm considerably more productive, and masturbating is less tempting now.
Dude you're only supposed to do that shit like once per week at the absolute maximum. But yeah, I did try jerking it on the 3rd plateau one time and it was lame.
DXM afterglow always made me more horny, oddly enough. It would take longer to bust, but god damn was it heavenly when it happened.
I've been doing nofap for years now without taking DXM once.
All I need is Jesus Christ.
I've probably done more DXM than this entire board combined.
It was consistently my favorite drug between the ages of 18 and 36 and I would go on months' long daily binges.
Shit gave me seizures, blood pooling in my feet, bladder and intestinal issues, retrograde ejaculation (couldn't get cum out even a little for months), rotted out teeth, etc.
I quit about a month ago but yeah, be careful with it. It feels really good for people like me but also takes you off the rails into retarded autopilot suicidal excess.
To each their own, I'm glad you had a good time - but totally baffling to me. Tried it a couple times and it just felt like I took a baseball bat to the back of the head without any of the pain. Just vaguely unpleasant befuddlement where I'd look around confused, completely fail to get my bearings, look around confused again and realize 45 minutes had somehow passed between the first and second attempts. I've read it gets different at higher doses but nothing about the relatively lower doses gave me any interest in pushing further.
It's strongly dependent on enzyme differences you're born with where a third of people feel nothing, a third feel like it's horrible, and the remaining third feels like it's heaven.
Aside from reading that was the case I got a group of friends together back in college and had them all do DXM with me and that ratio played out pretty much with them too (a couple of them didn't feel anything, one of them got very sick, and one of them was like me and you could tell his pupils dilated like crazy and he had the same blissed out blank expression I get on my face when on it).
Ah, interesting - cilantro style. Thanks for the fun fact, anon.
