"female loneliness" is a joke
females are a joke
FTFY
The amount of delusion on this board is just amazing. Incels live not only in a filter bubble, that's for the normies, but in a mental bunker, 100 feet below any normality. It's common in society that the people who know least about a thing have the strongest opinions about it, but what incels believe to know about women is just insane. Things that people here actually believe about female loneliness, female dating preferences, female sexuality and female love, are so out of track with basic reality, it's beyond words. Compared to you a flat-earther is still a mainstream normie when it's about delusional views on the world.
And yes: you are creating your own misery. The more you dig yourself into your dark world of bitterness and hate, the more you lose the chance to be a member of the real world. And the real-world people don't want contact with people who have become monsters in their heads. There are toxic men, and it's you. If you could see manosphere guys from a view point of sanity, you would understand why no one wants to be their friend or their gf.
installs tinder
swipes twice
Female loneliness solved
women are born with value. thats why people want to spend time with them even if theyre boring as hell.
Please tell me more about how totally lonely you are after you just rejected 100 men today.
Pussy=guaranteed partner if you actually want it.
all my options arent chad!
Kill yourself, kike. Die alone in your own piss
The more you dig yourself into your dark world of bitterness and hate
KEK this whore is trying to sound like a paladin.
Men are dying of thirst in the desert. Women are dying of thirst in the ocean. Different sets of problems.
i like this
write a book
Guy comes up with his boat, offering to share his water supply with her
She says she's just not ready
He leaves, and she's alone again
The ocean always implies that men are actively preventing women from entering relationships beyond casual sex. never about common interests like friends would
No, it's more like they're "dying of thirst" but only *insert beverage that the female in this hypothetical doesn't like* is available to them
dying of thirst in the ocean
You know, drinking salty water ah forget it ...
you cant drink ocean water
I agree. Which is why the analogy isn't accurate because every woman can find a bf easily. It's just that the guys who are willing to get in a relationship with them are mid and they think they deserve better than mid even though they're mid themselves
I'm working on it.
Point, head
You underestimate how dog shit the average male is.
every woman can find a bf easily
This shows such a massive lack of experience with the real world. Maybe learn to know some real women and not only egirls.
