Working sucks, but not all of us can NEET their way through life.
If you have any knowledge about comfy jobs/professions, share them here.
Working is supposed to suck, you're supposed to be beaten down and find no solace but consumption.
Once you have hollowed and defeated you'll come to accept whatever they tell you to do.
Interning at a chemical plant. Everything is done by contractors. Contractors need to be "escorted" by someone with a badge. I spend half my days sitting next to contractors doing various jobs, and the other half of my days posting here.
I hate it
when i was an unskilled wagie at a factory the forklift guys has it very easy
their whole job was scan boxes with a scanner and move them to various places thats it
they would spend 4 or more hours of the 12 hour shifts sleeping in the break rooms
comfy as far as im concerned but probably rare
There was a thread about this this morning, guess it already died.
I've worked in a printing screen factory. It's very chill, 70% doing small manual tasks like placing tshirts on picrel or cutting piles of plastic signs with a guillotine cutter, 30% watching stuff going out of printers and being ready to press a big red button if the machine starts chocking on paper. Minimum contact with other employees or my boss. I was just told what to do in the morning and he came by to check if the work was done properly by the late afternoon. Would be so nice if it weren't so badly paid.
I like my job and its a minimum wageslave job. I get to talk to my fellow workers. I dont care about the payslip I do it to stay sane. I dont need the money.
take a book, preferably pocket edition, read while they work.
Any programming bros? How true is it that its a super comfy wfh job?
if you're extremely qualified it might.
extremely rare chance now that everyone jumped on it.
more likely you become an overworked code monkey.
my job is rolling silverware. that's literally the only thing you do for the entirety of the shift. it's a job position filled mostly by literal retards (such as myself) due to its insanely low complexity. I like the routine and the repetitive action of rolling as well as the feeling of being able to do something to occupy my typically restless hands. it is very comfy but I would enjoy it way more if I worked in a restaurant that wasn't so busy. it doesn't have great hourly pay ($12) but I still think it's generous considering it's so low effort
Warehouse cleaner.
I did it for 5 years, You grab a cloth, duster and a sweeping brush and you just clean the place. You have no time limits, you technically have no boss and depending on the company, you could play your podcasts and music and if not some places can be content with a personal radio. The hardest part of the job is doing a big clean in certain warehouse areas but once you finish an area and keep on top of it, the job becomes laughably easy.
I got offered a forklift position basically doing what >>73164058 mentioned. Just taking pallets off a trailer and scanning it away, it gets frustrating when you start running out of room in the warehouse and products just keep coming in however, you can't just tell the management and drivers that you're filling up, need to be constantly creative with storing shit some days.
Local TV promotions producer 
Pay could be better but make enough to live alone and enjoy my hobbies.
What kind of req do you need?
what's a good job for a 25 year old schizo/schizoid socially anxious NEET?
Well, I would not call the work itself cozy, but as a hikkikomori, I've taken employment as a customer-service representative. All the job entails is responding to emails from customers, and most issues have tailored template responses, making the process much simpler! Initially, my payment was meager, but I was able to respond to such a high volume of emails per day that I was given a raise, and I believe I replaced several other employees. It's simple work for me, and I am able to multitask between writing the emails and watching television or masturbating or snacking without much difficulty. I don't do much else with my time, so at a certain point the work felt invisible, and as I have so few expenses, it covers all of my costs of living, and I have a respectable savings account.
I found the job listing online, but the company is mid-sized and local; I apologize, for I am not certain how easy it would be to find a similar position elsewhere, or whether other companies would pay as well as mine graciously affords me.
Overnight security
I'm a 23 year old schizo/schizoid socially anxious NEET and >>73164104
I breed reptiles and insects for most of my income and it's *probably* enough to get by.
Comfy as fuck, I'm my own boss, I basically run my own business, make good money, and I get to around animals a lot.
If you have the space/time/patience for it I'd recommend looking into it and going to your local family owned pet stores and build a rapport with them and eventually ask them if you breed X if they would buy it and what would they be willing to pay. General rule of thumb is you want to aim for just under half of what they'll sell it for or 10-30% if you're selling bulk.
Granted I got into and out of bitcoin at the right time so I don't need to work a day in my life and I mostly just do it for the sake of having something to to keep me busy, responsible, and accountable.
I have a fully remote code cuck job that is insanely comfy. I'm sitting on a lazyboy and posting this Right now. 
After I jerk off to hentai i'll go back to fixing more unit tests.
Some knowledge of shot composition and editing. Also doesn't hurt that I've worked for the station for years and my boss is one of my best friends. Other then that I'm a college drop out who just lied and made a career out of being a camera man.
