So, she's fucking the friend, right?
lol who cares. kek
No, shes either willfully blind and subconsciously knows the dude will try to boink her(and wont put up much resistance to it, especially since her bf is so against the photoshoot) or is just outright already emotionally cheating. Why couldnt her bf take the pics? Why couldnt they just be personal pics between them? Why why why so many different things, because the why doesnt matter youre merely stuck with the what
Not girlfriend material, he should discard her immediately.
I would have said she was the cunt if she said he could not come but she invited him so he could make sure nothing happened so I dont get his apprehension. It is also the wife who is taking the pictures so is she a secret lesbian? I am unsure why he is being like this. It is not like she is going to the bar with her male friends
She is a self absorbed narcissist. The whole paragraph is me me me solipsistic garbage shit
I know that there are echo chambers for everything, but it's crazy to me how many women seemed to support the notion that it's someone's absolute freedom to take nude photos under any circumstances. Do they think most folks are going to be okay with that in the context of their relationship?
Either way, hope the dude is smart enough to bail out before he ends up with trauma over the inevitability.
Wow!
"Just date a fatty" they said
"If you can't handle me at worst you don't deserve me at my best" they said
"Uggos are different" they said
I want to laugh but for some reason tears and non stop cursing is all that comes out.
For those who didn't read, the photographer is a woman, so as long as the pics are just a private collection for her and her husband... meh, whatever. He's overreacting. You actually think she's never been naked with other women in a changing room or something?
Illiterate, she's not even going to be around the friend
He's overreacting
He's uncomfortable with her behaving like that.
Great, I hope when your non-existent gf bring Tyrone, Pookie and ReyRey for slumber party that you're not invited to, you too will be happy for her and not overreacting while you hear weird banging and slapping noises from another room with occasional moan or grunt on top.
She's a strong independent woman after all, lol.
This is literally her while gaslighting the boyfriend that he's "controlling"
I mean picrel counts as a "photoshoot" right?
And she'll eventually get nude too.
So is she really lying?
Nude photos are a clear sign of degeneracy and she will cause him more pain further down the line. Every time you compromise you are taking on a risk.
she turned her gay husband into a troon?
or is she disappointed her gay husband turned out to be a troon?
