can you recommend me a pc game to sink time in?
i'm feeling pretty down and i just want to escape reality for a while. sadly i only have an integrated gpu and a shitty mouse, so anything playable on a toaster with a controller would be great.
Signalis, Octopath traveler 2 or Hollow knight
poe
Outer Wilds. You're gonna have a really hard time trying to enjoy that game, don't look for spoilers and go in blind for the best experience.
old school runescape is a good choice
Get a life bro. Better than any game
Rocket League unless you are retarded (it might be too frustrating for retards)
Cruelty Squad
Originally
Try a tower defence game. I remember sinking lots of hours just playing old flash games.
go to ynoproject.net if you like yummy nickels
Old School Runescape. You can put thousands of hours in that game and the grind basically never ends
League ate my teenage years and made me ghost my irl friends to play it, and now its my biggest regret. If you want to regret your past and spend countless hours on something that will never give you anything in your life it works pretty well. Maybe youll make it to diamond if you try hard enough!
Cringe
hotline miami 1 &amp; 2 are collectively like $5 atm
Vrchat or ff14
if you're looking for single-player games I'd recommend cult of the lamb or haydes
I hope you're okay anon, have a good day
League is always there to soothe a didturbed mind. You can also try Valorant.
Hoi4 felt like a trance (after some hours of learning the basics) for a long while, huge time sink if its your kind of thing (grand strategy, ww2)
Spelunky, Into The Breach and Dead Cells would all fit the bill - all old-school arcadey run-based concepts, so as long as you can bring a little Dwarf Fortess 'losing is fun' attitude to them, they pass the time fantastically because you can just go again and try to do a liiiiitle better next time. Also seconding the recommendation for the Hotline Miami games for similar reasons - they're hard and have replay value up the ass between trying to piece together the story and trying to S-rank missions.
Genetic defect who's mother we all wish had medical plans that included abortion.
what kinda game is that? i think i heard of it somewhere before...
Trash for retards
Lone fungus.
You are a mushroom, you do hard platforming, the retro graphics are visually soothing, the music is heat.
Best MV
