all men are good for is manipulating your emotional distress to get you to satisfy their sexual needs
Yes.
Women do the exact same but with the feeling of long-term security instead of sexual impulses.
We're both the same animals.
legit me. in hs i manipulated a girl with no friends into getting into the stuff i liked, then after some months i completely ghosted her, when she came up to me one day i pretended i didnt know her. the girl legit became mentally ill after that and idk what happened after
long term security
vs
desu one feels more noble and less animalistic than the other
It's because men are able to fullfill their own needs for food and shelter by themselves, generally. While generally, your kind don't, while you're able to get your sexual needs fullfilled at wish.
I can fulfill my own needs for food and shelter
I can't fulfill my need for emotional security
Get it by yourself now. This is what feminism fought for, suck it.
This is the only thing we can do to get you to sleep with us, so why are you complaining ?
Pull yourself by the bootstraps sis. Go suck off your male family members if you want emotional security that badly
Get married so that you don't have to worry about that. If you get married, then he's forced to care about you as a person and not just for sex.
Only Jesus can fill the gaps. No person will ever be enough.
I'm really good at knitting too but okay guess I'm evil now
I don't want to be humiliated and degraded
I don't want to swallow genitals
I don't want to receive cum on my face
I don't want to serve as a sex object
I just want to live a happy comfy life with someone agreeable 
Is it too much to ask?
If you empathize with crabs you deserve to be a single use cum bucket forever.
the dating pool in 2K23 for women
guess ill stay single
just get it on with a christian
my aunt tried doing that. her main dating criteria was : not a pervert. 
she stuck by that principle as she is a really hard believing christian.
guess what? 
she found her husband at the age of 40. fucking 40. it took her 20 years to find a single man who wasn't a pervert. laughing my fucking ass off.
ngmi, I'm guessing the non-pervert has to be 6'4 right?
lol. her husband is smaller than her and earns much less.
it's just that porn and this society ruined men and you literally can't find one without degrading yourself and becoming his personal whore/letting him cheat
I want to satisfy your sexual needs.
actually he's not smaller than her but he's like 5'4 lol
it's just so fucking telling of the state of this fucking society
She was fucking chad her entire youth, he was all she could get at 40.
she fucked nobody lmfao, she kept rejecting men or getting rejected by men for the mere fact she didn't want to do stuff before marriage
It's just hard to believe. Are you leaving out some important detail?
she has down syndrome but it has nothing to do with it
all women are good for is manipulating your emotional distress to get your resources
it's the same shit
C'est la vie
Top kek
And yet you'll do all those things for Chad.
Yes, but not the one you think
Why is sex humiliating and degrading to you? Sex is fun and wholesome. Please stop blaming men for your distorted view of sex and go to therapy
Only if sex is the only thing you have to offer
Made a little mistake there, but luckily I was here to fix that up for you, haha.
literal feminist propaganda
even jesus freaks love to fuck
If you want him to eat you out still, yes that is too much to ask. Stop being a selfish piece of shit.
If there is no intimacy in a relationship, what are you even doing? It is not even about the sex itself. If you are unwilling to have sex, your partner has to wonder if you find them disgusting, if they are a simp being manipulated by you, if they are wasting time with someone who doesn't really care about them. If you are repulsed by them, maybe it is better they not bother you anymore.
Sex isn't even a big deal. Sure, it is different for women, however I see normy women have sex all the time, they just whip their knickers off and their bf makes them cum leaving them with a self-satisfied grin on their face. For most women it is a nothingburger, they will be having sex a month into a relationship. You don't have to be humiliated and degraded, sex with a condom is basically consequence free and easier than replacing a hinge on a door.
having a shitty roommate
I never had sex with a woman, much less manipulated one to do anything.
You are just paranoid and hateful (but I understand you, because I think the same of your disgusting gender).
bro. you're going to tell me choking on genitals and fighting your puking urge isn't degrading? getting your face smeared with bodily fluids isn't degrading? it's the definition of degrading. there are other forms of intimacy than this.
Date me instead. I only care about frequent vaginal sex and none of the gross pornographic stuff. I don't even like blowjobs because I have a small dick.
Wait! Where are you going?!
I just want to find a virgin woman I can love and treasure until I die.
lietrally would be comfy having a husband like this but it literally doesn't exist been there done that
I'm right here. Just provide provide vanilla almost daily and I'll put up with a lot of your bullshit.
Yeah sex is the ultimate expression of love, what's your point? I want someone to be mine. I want penetrate their every hole, lick every inch of their body, I want them to be mine completely.
bro. been there done that. doesnt' exist. they all turn into pigs.
yeah my point. men can't conceive love beyond smearing you with bodily fluids that's hard wired
inb4 we do the same, the average woman fucks us over constantly 
I unironically find non-vaginal sex disgusting and only get off to the fantasy of procreating
ye ive met guys who unironically only get off to cuddling
guesss what?
There are different types of love but romantic love involves sex in my mind. It's not like the relationship is all about sex but that is a big part of it.
your fault for believing him at least my desires are legitimate
ok what do we do when we're done having sex?
Cook delicious meals and talk about boring shit while somehow enjoying it. Maybe you'll rant about your coworkers and I'll pretend to listen or care and then plan a vacation or something.
Depends, we go on dates, talk, cuddle, watch movies or play games together. Anything as long as we do it together it will be enjoyable because if you love someone you're happy just being around them.
sounds kinda depressing desu but eh
two moids have given you examples. i myself love gaming and gardening and cooking for myself. never had a gf yet.
Those evil guys you're so scared of have fufilling lives doing stuff or helping others. You could have said men are time wasters (i would agree lol) but instead you yourself think your body is an object that's why you feel "used".
Stfu you like men like that you masochistic roastie
