Why is everyone automatically rude to me? I treat people nicely and they despise my guts on the spot.
Because youre a faggot nigger, kill yourself. No one owes you kindness or respect. Especially here.
9 times out of 10 you dig into this self-report and it turns out that what you think is "nicely" is actually "severely offputting autism".
First time on the internet, eh?
I don't care if people are mean to me online, I just find it strange that people in real life act so hostile towards me just existing.
I don't think it's due to that, I think I mask pretty well. I'm probably just ugly as fuck.
What part of no one owes you respect or kindness do you not get? You are a Faggot here and a faggot irl. Kill yourself again
You deserve it if you are transgender because of the shitty act you force everyone to put up with 
Or you are just really ugly to look at i guess
literally autism. People who aren't autistic have an instinctual drive to hate and distrust autistic people. So if people hate you for "absolutely no reason", it's autism
I'm not trans.
Why are you so mad, Anon?
But why? I don't get it.
Ding ding ding, got it in one.
No you don't. If you "masked pretty well" people would treat you neutrally, even if ugly. Ugly dudes get basic courtesy if they're not severe autists. Literally what's going on is you talk to people, they go "what is with this hostile/smug little fucking freak" and send that energy they're picking up on back at you. It's over. Take up being a hermit in a cave.
Clearly because you are an Isamufag, obvious answer.
If you are autistic normalfags genuinely have a strong negative reaction to you within literal seconds based on a few studies I read. If you have that you are pretty fucked.
Because I hate foids and I really hate trannys like you. The only thing I dislike more is my inability to be totally unhinged. I guess Im not totally lost
I dont care about you disliking trannies but OP even said they werent one. Take your meds dude fuck.
Like a racist randomly yelling at white people how much they hate black people.
Because their brain are just wired that way. We don't have an automatic social norm generator in our brain like they do. Therefore socially we just do not appear normal, down to the way we position our body. Without knowing why, their brain will immediately recognize there is something wrong with us.
What are we supposed to do then? It is so tiring being constantly attacked as I am
nothing. Best you can do is avoid them as much as possible. ofc you cant for like shopping and shit but for your friend circle surround your self with as many autistics as possible. you'll be understood and feel better
I am not op but I cannot even get along with other autists. I also do not have special interests because of anhedonia caused by depression.
Don't worry anon, you are doing something good.
many people in this world are cruel, you have to get away from them, they don't deserve your kindness. but there are some people that are worth it, remember it.
Why are you being nice? To get people to like you? Because someone told you to be? You should do it because you want to. True kindness does not need to be recognized, and false kindness like "masking" makes people more wary.
As >>73169089 says, you will raise red flags if your act is caught.. Many more will see through your act than you think. Though, if you're genuinely kind, nobody will notice an act.. because you won't have to act.
I just have the urge too, always been like this since I was young. By masking I meant trying to hide my autism/ADHD.
Thanks. :)
Better answer than I was expecting. Really, just realize that many will appreciate it and say nothing while negativity shines much brighter. Keep on trying, be honestly kind, and don't lose hope.
Post a portion of your face.
That's really sad to hear, I'm sorry, Anon.
HAHAHAHA
As others have said its the autism. I used to be the same as you and got treated like a leper. Now I just keep my mouth shut unless its important, dont socialize, and dont help people or be kind to them. I can believe the fact that 35% of spergs attempt suicide because it isnt too far off for me.
It's probably all in your head. Also, other people can go fuck themselves.
