 Im A 21 Year Old Socially Autisitc Individual Who Relies Heavly On My Family
However After A Few Months The Staff Truned 
 Iv Joined Many Discord Servers In Hope For Friendship And Mental Health Support
However After A Few Months The Staff Truned 
 This Has Backfired As Most Servers Have Banned Me Because I Vented Too Much
However After A Few Months The Staff Truned 
 I Was In A Server Called Tranquility And The CHoco Bar Not Long Ago And Thought I Could Trust Them,
However After A Few Months The Staff Truned 
Why are they all the same?
I'm a 23 yo HEAVILY autistic individual who relies heavily on his familly too and I get just fine with most other zoomers online (millennials need to log off). Are you sure you are not the problem?
Good. Let the internet corrupt you. Turn into a terrible troll and harbinger of chaos
Millennials control all of these platforms. The internet is going to be theirs for their entire lives
i dont break any rules but i still get in more trouble than trolls for talking about the same topic over and over again and sometimes for DMing people
Pedos should literally burn in hell and always be thrown in jail
why do you capitalize every word? you said you're autistic not retarded
i agree, fuck this anon weirdo pedo
there not pedos just power tripping mods one of them im convinced is a karen because they got in a hissy fit because i said 90% plant based diets are based on smoothies
I feel you. There is no such thing as a plant based diet anyway, its just a marketing term.
still retarded that i got banned for saying that, kinda like i got banned for asking coding questions in a fucking coding server Discord is worse than TickTock
Have you tried being chill? Originally
dude listen to yourself you sound like a 10 year old crying because he got banned from his favourite Minecraft server for the 4th time in a row. maybe learn from your mistakes instead of repeating them?
New techno-cultural revolution when I want brain chips in my head
Ain't nobody doing that shit for free besides your family. You need to figure out your shit and fix it enough to be tolerable. This is a you problem.
Actually if you live in yurop and do something le bad like hate speech you can get sentenced to free forced therapy for life
that meme sums up my mood almost every fucking day especially when i deal with an asshole who bans me for something not even stated in the fucking rules.
