waiting for train
old guy sitting next to me asks me what i'm reading
thus spoke zarathustra
asks me if i'm into philosophy
say yes
tells me he's somewhat of a philosopher himself
asks me if i want to talk tomorrow
not doing anything anyway, say yes
next day we go to a cafe
he talks about all sorts of things for 2 hours
most of it is schizo ramblings, mentions jews and dinosaurs
is actually quite knowledgeable about a lot of topics
offers regular "philosophy" lessons for free
tells me to pick a specific subject for next time
well folks, what shall it be?
Food, a person's opinion on food is a very important indicator of their personality.
most of it is schizo ramblings, mentions jews and dinosaurs
is actually quite knowledgeable about a lot of topics
offers regular "philosophy" lessons for free
kek
What the fuck.
mentions jews and dinosaurs
Please elaborate. They're probably on 4chan but likely not this board.
I should do that and become an old rambler
anyway be wary around him and if he ever starts mentioning the greeks or pederasty - run
Sounds like a retard version of Diogenes
i don't remember how we got there, but it was basically
you can't be dishonest, that's bad, there's a group of people that basically built their identity around it
who are they?
well, i'm not allowed to say it. but here's a couple hints...
is it jews?
yep, it's jews
the dinosaur thing was basically that there's a giant underground lake in africa, and that some natives there claim that there's giant lizards that live in caves. his theory is that these caves lead to the lake, and that's where the dinosaurs live since they're amphibious
mmm yes very wise.
you could be getting bitches or getting jacked so as to make nietzsche proud but istead you're choosing to waste your time taking "classes" from a delusional 80 iq retard, you should re-read thus spoke zarathustra and actually think about what it says in the fucking book
He's going to murder you
you're literally getting groomed by some fag
getting bitches or getting jacked so as to make nietzsche proud
To be fair Nietzsche did neither of those things himself lol
Based as fuck. Anybody who has ever read the bible would come to the same conclusion.
I need 10 wipes at least
He would have if he could have though.
i probably called him a nigger on /x/
