I recently just got with one. I thought the needy thing was just a meme but he's convinced to let him stay at my place.
Prepare to get dumped in a few months, you think women are unstable femboys are x1000 worse
Really? I mean it's been fine. Hea pretty easy to maintain I guess except for the sex part. He's fucks like a rabbit but he's fine when I leave him home with my Xbox and some Postmates.
its hard for me to grasp that femboys are real and you can date one
There is a 50% chance that he has BPD and will leave you for another man within the next few months
t. Femboy
but he's fine when I leave him home with my Xbox and some Postmates.
What is he, a cat?
Blowjobs are given out like candy, but he might leave you
They smell like poop constantly.
They're just rebranded trannies.
You could buy some hrt from the internet and grab some homeless boy off the street and turn him into your own femboy if you wanted.
They're just males + female hormones.
Sounds like a cat, not a partner "Oh yeah, I just leave em with some food and a toy and they can entertain themself", is there more emotional intimacy here than you are talking about, because it sounds like just having a chill pet, how do you feel about him on a deeper level?
A mentally stable femboy is a treasure but be aware he only has a limited amount of time before his looks fade. Most are concerned with having sex with as many dudes as they can before this. Also he might go tranner at some point as well.
Most of them already are on hrt.
Ikr I met him at the gym
Idk he seems to really really like me
He is pretty easy to take care of. He's not in the house all day we go to the gym and have little dates too.
He doesn't 
It's not like that. I have a job and he doesn't. I guess he doesn't work because of how well off his family is. We do get very intimate. He's actually told me he loves me during sex. I think it's going great.
Are you breeding him when you have sex? Also where did you find him and do you consider yourself gay?
Hopefully not
He's doesn't take that shit
He's really fucking cute and it seems he's always going to be cute asf.
Found him at the gym. I'm not gay but he started flirting with me and kept showing off his body and I gave in.
this is a good fanfic thanks for writing it, i smiled a little bit.
That's him? Jesus, that's a nice ass
if you're 'not gay', then how do you handle his penis during sex? Please tell me you at least help him get off too?
He's doesn't take that shit
Get him on it then so he can grow tits.
My brain went monkey mode when I saw it. At that point I mentally talked myself into giving it a go with a boy but only once.
I was really iffy at first and would just fuck him and he would jerk himself off to completion. I don't even know how but he would reward me every time I took a step further in doing shit I wasn't comfortable with doing during sex with me. He's really good at using his ass and controlling my orgasms.
We just got together plus I don't like those weird torpedo tits femboys grow. They look weird.
what's the age difference? Do your family/friends know you're with a boy?
Oh he's got an ass on him alright.
he will slip into a deep depression and leave you.
t.femboy
does he swallow cum and piss? whats the most degenerate thing you've done with him?
post more lewds
Post your ass por favor
this also post any with feet i need this
Bros, how do we cope with the fact that we will never be able to have something similar to this?
bro thats literally a tranny.
He's 19 I'm 24. No one knows not even my friends. My family would disown me if they knew.
That shit grippy too
No degenerate shit really. He's into slow love making if anything. This is probably way too cute to say and maybe a little cringe but he made me ask him to be my boyfriend by riding me slowly and kept saying "say it anon" "ask me anon" he gets off from very intimate stuff like that. Also sorry I think I'm falling for him hard and I don't want to post anything he'd get upset about.
Its both strange and arousing that millions of white boys are walking around with fat pale asses and pink bussies hidden under their jeans. PAWBs are the future.
no feet? sad but wow they're perfect
This story is fake but I wish it was real.
tell more stories
does he swallow his own cum? how often do u fuck
how fast are u both done
How the fuck are white boys getting those curvesI see in these femboys nowadays?
Idk he seems to really really like me
That's because he probably does. BPDs hop from favourite person to favourite person. I hope he isn't fucked in the head tho and you have a happy relationship anon. I'm just sayin', we femboys are typically fucked in the head.
He's into slow love making
oh my fucking god you are so lucky. this is what i desperately want as a versatile twink, but for some reason everyone i date is either an extreme top that wants to destroy bussy or is an extreme bottom who wants their bussy destroyed. where can i meet all the wholesome guys that want to cuddle kiss and frot?
meant to reply to >>73169318, orignally
bussy destroyed
Oh fucking hell why do you traps always have monster dicks?
wasn't there a statistic out there saying that gays have bigger dicks than straights on average or something? idk might be fake. it's honestly a shame that the bottoms i date get their brain turned off and become drooling sluts when i mention the size of my dick, there was potential for an actual wholesome and loving relationship but no, all they can think about all of a sudden is sex without love
t. 6.5" long 6" circumference
What is it like fucking a man in the ass?
(im not op) like fucking a girl in the ass, getting fucked as a guy feels so much better, but that's the problem. only one of the two feels insane ecstasy trembling and having a nervous breakdown due to the extreme amounts of serotonin. this is why i firmly believe being versatile is the objective superior option, because both of you can experience this together. my ultimate fantasy is being with a boyfriend i genuinely love and have a prostate massager in both of us, while sharing a masturbator and kissing and moaning how much we love each other aaaaaa why can't i have this... most gays can't even imagine what they're missing out on by being seeing things so black and white
Seems I've been missing out.
Not a feet guy but I can assure you his are really nice.
I can understand why you'd think that.
Stories? I did take him out yesterday to watch evil dead rise and he seduced me to the point I had to take him and release myself inside of him in the bathroom. I've never done that before not even with a girl in a public place like that. If you want more cute shit then we sneak kisses and hold hands when people aren't looking. He is shorter than me so I have to lean on to kiss him. It's a lot of cute shit he does that can melt a man's heart. The sex is vanilla as fuck. Probably very boring to describe it. Its just very passionate but also very vanilla. The sessions take quite a while since he loves to edge me as much as he can since he understands how a dick works better than a woman.
I thought femboys were like a rarity in the dating space. Id think it was the opposite guys trying to keep them to themselves. He's the only guy I've been with so I guess I wouldn't really know.
It's very tight in the entrance but not as much pressure as a pussy inside. Still warm and nice inside though.
ever had shit dick? Also did you get him tested before you started barebacking him? Gays are walking STD factories.
I have no idea how gays have casual sex the bottoms must enema their assholes daily and can enemas get rid of shit deep in the rectum because long dicks will be dealing with that
or alternatively just don't do anal, solves the issues you pointed out. besides, two dicks in an onahole while both of you have a prostate massager in your ass is better
dont do anal 
But how can you resist this I heard prostrate orgasms can turn any straight guy into a masochistic lunatic
most guys want to fuck or be fucked. They consider oral/frotting/jerking off together to be foreplay at best.
true, prostate orgasms feel insanely good, but you don't need a dick in your ass for that. prostate massagers are specifically designed to stimulate that area, also dildos exist. plus this means both of you can experience this fucking drug of pure bliss
inb4 what about the degenerates that want to be degraded (>>73169766)
unfortunately there's alot of these unwholesome faggots, and even more unfortunate it seems as though they're the majority
Very crazy bottoms can prostrate orgasm from deepthroating alone
Sometimes you just need a hole to fuck and if he can buy that hole with video games and food, what's the problem.
If he develops a deeper connection then so be it, but chill you love-starved fools.
wasn't there a statistic out there saying that gays have bigger dicks than straights on average or something
They do, probably has something to do with exposure to hormones in the womb
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10410197/
Post more pics OP, you got a gem and im jelly
Actual modern day Greek towel boy
Do either of you have a thigh gap. Stand with your feet together and see if there's a space between your thighs.
I gave up on my dream of having a femboy bf, seems like it would be way too unlikely and I don't feel like searching for a gem.
I think there is a certain sadness about it too because at some point you're gonna have to let him go so you can get a gf or because he starts going bald and hairy.
Yeah. I like that. That idea is hot as fuck.
i'm french canadian... dunno why i mention it, just in case who knows ;s
Not a feet guy but I can assure you his are really nice.
You should get down and kiss / lick them, see if you or he likes it. He may if he puts effort into them. Then make a thread to update
francophones are the worst
france frenchies are the worst indeed, but us quebecers are based. we use holy bible words as swears and stuff, and we keep btfo'ing the canacucks
least retarded francophone doesn't know what francophone means
Wanna talk? I'm the guy into feet and all that's enough for me
i'm not into feet sry, besides i'm tired of erp'ing over discord, i want to experience my fantasies in real life already
No never. He's very clean more so than my previous girlfriends.
I think you guys are getting the wrong impression. I think he would be fine without the video games and food. He's also good at cooking so he would be fine. He's total boywife material. I just want him to be as comfortable as possible as I can make it for him. He's the one that wants to stay with me too.
No. I'm pretty bulky compared to him. I can toss him around. I'm basically ragdolling him when we have sex. Not ragdolling as in aggressive. I can pick him up easily and do stuff to him and that turns him on.
That sounds kinda gross. I don't think I'd be into that.
Im already become very attached to him. I think we will be fine for now. The problem is coming out as a couple. I think his family would be ok with it but not mines and idk what my friends would say. I know that doesn't matter but still.
I keep failing... oh well
I think his family would be ok with it but not mines and idk what my friends would say. I know that doesn't matter but Don't be a dishonorable lover, you must own your relationship with this little gay nigga. I think my only concern would be if it doesn't work out and you someday want a gf, everyone is still gonna see you as a fag.
I fucked this post up by over greentexting lol
Don't be a dishonorable lover, you must own your relationship with this little gay nigga. I think my only concern would be if it doesn't work out and you someday want a gf, everyone is still gonna see you as a fag.
I'm never going to find a femboy because I live in the cold fucking hell of Alaska. I have money to travel but they're all put off when I mention where I'm from
damn and i thought living in north-eastern canada was bad. i've been given the opportunity to have a sugar daddy but i was afraid it might turn sour, i came to the conclusion that if you're gonna move out then you need to be able to be independent if it goes bad
Washington state over here. Sorry, leaf.
I understand that. I've always tried to make the deal that I would give whoever I'm dating though like $2000 once they move in to pay for a flight home if things go poorly
i'm not a leaf and i will NEVER be a leaf
Sorry bud. I don't really understand your country's politics, or it's culture. I've never read into it really. The flag is cute tho.
i've given up on the idea personally. moving in with someone feels too risky and i can't have someone move in with me. maybe one day the planets and stars will align and i'll finally meet someone who i'll trust enough to move in with but so far i haven't found that opportunity. and i can't even find a wholesome lgbt place in my area
pic rel tl;dr
There's something about a tribalistic homo that's hot and beautiful. Keep being you, anon. I actually learned that Quebec is fucking based.
I have literally never seen a cute femboy irl. They all look like shit, are skinnyfat, wear cat ears and tails, etc.
I have, he was black and had goku hair.
Idk. I just want love. I don't really have super high standards. Never actually tried a relationship with a guy.
This sounds like heaven tho.
Anyone have the webm of the Asian dude fucking the white tranny
come to think of it, is there a discord server for wholesome homos? because if there isn't one i'd have to make one, over a few years of lurking 4chan i've seen a few handfuls of people who are bi or gay but want loving relationships
Wouldn't know really. I've never made an account. I'm probably a fucking boomer millennial at this point. Kek.
Make it pls I'm don't know how to meet other fags and everytime someone posts a thumbnail like OP I'm fucking screaming inside
lucky man, opie. i hope you two are happy together for a long time.
I basically have the same feelings as this anon >>73170567. I'd vastly prefer a bf over a gf, but appealing looking dudes are WAY rarer than good looking girls. Plus, femboys only like other femboys. If you're a guy and don't want to be a twink you're fucked.
I've only met one that CLAIMED to be into masculine men, but he ended up leading me on for like two months and then chose a girl over me. I'm still pretty fucked up from it because he's the one that made me realize I'm into balls and now I just feel lost at sea
