Should i actually be worried that my 48 year old gf is abusive?
Nice. Perfect for dildo play.
cant tell if pic is from the front or behind
No, just introduce her to black penjs
Front
Kys
She is though. I can tell its tight and deep at the same time.
Any more pics of her?
tell me this isn't your gf or I'll weep
Its not her but my gf is pretty similar
I wouldn't post my gf here
Why would you weep
anon how is she abusive? when did you start to notice? have you brought it up to her before?
thank you
She tells me how she would never date again if i left her and that im not allowed to leave her even if i get bored of her
i would reply
"what a boring thing to say"
If your being genuine anon and not doing a LARP, let me give you some advice. 
Fucking leave, do not allow BPD bitches to pretend they will kill themselves to manipulate you. After years of emotional and physical abuse, I forced myself to leave a woman who did all the same things. She screamed, made false claims, gossiped and acted like she could take away my daughter but guess what, she never killed herself. 
I am free and the emotional weight of an Atlas Stone has now been lifted from my shoulders. I pray you do the same.
I mean I did say that i wouldnt want that to be true
She also says that im saving her and all of that which idk
Its not like she screams or anything or even threatens suicide
Its always darkest before the dawn my man. 
The hardest is getting past the barriers of your fears about what she's saying. She'll bitch and cry for a few weeks before slowly realising you don't want anything to do with her. She'll find some other orbiter to abuse and you will feel amazing freedom. 
Don't make excuses for her behavior, its wrong, leave her.
I mean i dont want to break up with her it just hurts that she says things like that
If she's saying shit like that you've already got a BPD bitch incoming. If she's saying shit like that she has no self-worth or respect and will be a total nutcase.
Grow a pair and stop whining you little bitch
