tfw you will never cum inside a girl's vagina
It's fucking over.
I have and it took me fucking ages to cum, I felt so tired but kept pounding, I hate sex so much
found the chronic death grip masturbator
sex havers are pigs, there i said it
I already have thoughbeit.
Not much of an achievement. Just find a girl on birth control pills or fuck a lady old enough to be infertile.
Enjoy your testicular cancer, prostate cancer, throat cancer, skin cancer, monkeypox, herpes, HIV, chlamydia, syphilis, ebola, tapeworms, hookworms and pinworms. That's the price you pay for touching a female.
and it's still worth it, cope and seethe incel
i did though but only with condom
3/3 girls i've fucked have all complained about birth control messing with hormones. 
one day i'll find someone that likes me so much they're willing to let me do it raw, i'll keep pumping and dumping the rest
You will wither away and your diseased body will force you to kneel and crawl before me, leper. We shall inherit the earth.
I understand bro, the cure is desperately but successfully stopping jerking off. Wait two weeks, only touch it to piss and clean out your Gentile foreskin. 
Once we had sex again two weeks later it was like being a virgin for the first time again and I cummed fucking buckets to her surprise and awe. Sex after that became so energetic and fun (and most importantly, not overstaying its length).
Wtf are you talking about? I have filled girls up dozens of times. Ngl its one of the most intense experiences ever. I would always tell women to wait and hold it so that we can cum together. I got really good at giving girls multiple orgasms. Usually by the time I start cumming they cant hold it anymore and start and I grab them by the back of their hair and make them look into my eyes. If Im behind them or if its missionary just make eye contact with them while we both cum. Very intimate and intense experience. Ive made several girls cum so hard they cry and fall in love with me doing that.
