have you accepted that your future wife will be chad's used up discarded cumsock?
That's OK I got cumsocks already
Riveting tale you insecure incel kek
yeah, but the point is that, once a girl is old, haggard, cant get commitment from men she's actually attracted to, and been ran through, she will need someone
and that someone is one of the losers who postt on this board! thats what we have to look forward to in our futures, chad's bitter jaded haggard leftovers!
I won't settle. Whores can get eaten by their cats. 
Simp.
cope. she will be the one settling with you, you will be happy for any shred of pussy and female attention, because you are just that pathetic and desperate
do you know how many incels, wizards, virgins well into their mid 30's were so happy get some used up ran through whore, who give them positive attention?
this is your fate. statistically, you will be mentally broken and mindfucked from years of loneliness that you will take any girl, despite how many times she blew 6 guys in a row, despite how much tattoos she has, despite how many one night stands she has
Another riveting tale. Take your used up self somewhere else
Seethe and cope retarded simp, probably proud cuck and future tranny too.
posting a female getting beat
im not a female you fucking moron. my posts are intellectually confrontational and disagreeable. roasties dont write like this
cope. not about either. just a loser saying the truth
learn to hold the L. you cant handle the truth when its uncomfortable. im just saying it like it is
awww, you want to to tell you sweet comforting lies to appease your fragile ego? lel
Your posts are a testimony to you being a faggot nigger. 
YWNBAW
Ive heard of some losers on here that still dont have a wife and they are 25 years old. Youre retarded. I started dating girls when I was 15. You should be making this thread on Reddit or something. Most of the sexless low IQ morons on here will never find a wife because they watched too much porn in their past.
No? She wont. In fact i already mess with virgin underage girls because im a groomer. Im not a loser like other incels
women are not loyal if you dont already know, even chad gets cucked, actually more often you realize
lol, lmao even
My brother in christ i am going to kidnap some bitch and hooe she gets stockholm synYJGTe8drome
For the female lurkers, I want to put this into perspective. To us, this is as abhorrent and repulsive as it would be for you to be confronted with the fact that your eventual boyfriend had a bug chasing bottom phase in gay bars before he decided to settle for you.
We don't get that NTR high off of this, it's more like having thoughts of ass worms, disease and the apparent decision that you came as a second or third choice.
women know chads are players and whores themselves because thats the point of being a chad. chad has women throwing pussy at him, so women only use chad for his dick. the reality is chad has as much difficulty finding real love as anyone else, they just get a lot of meaninless pussy, no different than anyone else can get from whores.
so anyone who envys chad is really just naive and has no life experience.
the guys who have it good are the ones who found a loyal wife early in life and has a nice little family and kids. 99% of these guys are not chads.
Lol not mine. I only ltr virgins. I have also made girls faces look like that one on the left.
except they could easily find love if they just dated down. all the hot girls are attention-craving social media addicts so you'll obviously never be able to love them. but if he found someone out of his league she'll more likely be loyal.
what's going on there?
why did he beat her up like that?
(and possibly raped?)
Okay, now get out
He was probably bitter and resentful and decided to take it out on someone. It makes sense, women are manipulating attention-seeking whores that have insane standards. I imagine that girl was walking home from a bar or a party so it makes it even better. Her night is ruined now and she has to live with a traumatizing experience.
Nah I'd rather be lonely then settle for a non-virgin. Being alone is not even bad I don't get why people complain about it.
I dated a guy for whom this was the case. I did not care really, I just made sure he didn't have STDs first.
There is no equivalent for us because we inherently value men we know as people, a sentiment men can neither fathom nor return. You cannot make an equivalent because we are not like you. We do not view people through the lense of "what utility can I extract from this? How can this best serve me?"
1/10 bait, that's just insanely low effort. It's literally just "NO U".
lol
Lmao even
i swear the last seconds were he took her away killed me LMFAO The way he walked
if she is still alive
Yes I have accepted this. But I still can't find anybody who will date me.
Flip the genders and suddenly you don't give a shit and actually praise man whore 'chads" for having the same or even worse lifestyles as the women you let live read free in your head. I don't particularly like people that have triple digit body counts either but quit acting like women having sex is some mortal sin. I genuinely hate people like you and actually hope you die and suffer alone. Not in Minecraft. I genuinely hate your existence because you make it lonely people that actually want to change look bad because we get lumped together with you losers.
Cope, having casual sex is gross. The only people who praise men who fuck a lot of women are women.
Except when you finally get to do it and then your tune will suddenly flip, lying bitter faggot.
Forgot relevant file
Have you accepted that people who hug would rape girls more violently than others if they wanted to?
No. Sex is gross. Casual sex is just grosser.
Nope. Some girl offered me a blowjob at a party my friends were having and I was disgusted, as is expected. Casual sex is gross and people who have sex with strangers so easily are all mentally ill. Sex is best saved for marriage.
I'm not talking about casual sex. I'm not a fan of that either. I'm talking about the dudes that have a mental fucking breakdown when they realize they had sex with an ex-boyfriend, which is what most of you faggots are like. I almost can't blame people for giving us so much shit when you guys represent the majority of lonely people here . You don't want things to change you don't want to improve. You just want everyone to be miserable like you
No, I just want to find the woman who is right for me and that woman is definitely a virgin. I have my opinions on how other people lead their lives and I might post about it on 4chan but at the end of the day they can do what they want, I just won't date them and that's that.
Naturally if he did it, it means he is not against it. Geez.
Because it haunts us. We can act as noncaring as we want but deep down we know it's torment not having someone who wants to be with you.
and that woman is definitely a virgin
I'm a khv too But I genuinely do not fucking understand this obsession with virginity. I cannot wrap my head around while you let that ruin your own joy or lower your dating field. You faggots or forever alone partially because of that. You had the same if not higher incredibly rigid standards as the vapid girls You demonize. Complaining about whether or not a woman has had sex (most if not all them I've had it by the way you naive fool) it's the grown man equivalent of "ewww girls cave cootieeeesss". I never ever ever see you at that same expectation for us dudes. If I told you I had sex at 16, 18, 21, 27, etc But I wasn't married, you truck and probably not give a shit. Why is it such a big deal when it's a girl though? 
And a dude won't? If you're convinced sex=incapable of being committed than more power to you come up but just have that same expectation to us guys too. I'm not trying to be a trouble feminist or a samp. It just does not make any fucking sense and I genuinely think some of you have an undiagnosed mental illness because none of the dudes I have talked to or hang out with in real life act like this.
Because you are a man so I would never want to date you, therefore I don't care if you make yourself undateable. I want to get with a virgin woman because the thought of dating a non-virgin woman is repulsive. I agree that most women don't have the same expectation for man but what does that matter at all? Tell women to have better standards I guess? I don't demonize women who have had sex but I don't want to date them either.
I never said I was asexual, I just said sex is gross. If I said shitting is gross you wouldn't be like ">t. (((Ashitual)))"
virgnity isn't only about restraint and hymen. Retards and orbiters will defend a spineless cunt in hopes of cooming. A woman, who chooses to partake in promiscuity will never be able to create a healthy environment for her family nor create a strong bond with her partner. Dying alone is preferable than to create more clowns for the circus or worse become the main attraction. Cope, seethe and dilate.
Flawed logic unfortunately because that rare man of desire is rather in the shoes of the said average women upon whom the whole comparison have been built.
A man of desire wouldn't satisfy the ego of some random woman so much below him for he would have brought an unworthy specimen among his league,
Or worse, he may have even put an end to his future presence for mating with bottom of the barrel women, spilling his precious milk on a dirty floor, breeding out incels only in the process.
Instead, I'll say:
You can guess exactly what has drawn the west to their current despicably debauched status, the unbinding of mating from sex.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
My future what?
Anon you are using terms I don't understand.
Anon, I'm pretty sure that call is for you.
I don't deserve it for sure.
The key is to pretend you're cool with casual sex history and all that, otherwise she won't open up to you. Once she does, act all cool about it during and get all the info.
Then ghost that bitch and email the info to any future bf/partner she gets.
my what now?
Yep. I accept that any relationship will be purely transactional to a post wall post carousel woman who barely secretly hates me. Welcome to the modern world when you aren't Chad.
She will be my cumsock anyway
What can you honestly do? You won't ever know a girls sexual past unless she outright does porn or some kind of sex work. That or someone gives you a tape of her getting gangbanged or some shit. Best thing to do is fuck a lot yourself or don't overly emotionally invest in these women. Treat them as live stock to give you kids. Unless she's a virgin, she won't ever truly be able to love you. And we all know how rare that is now and days.
poetry
Of course you do. You're supposed to. The righteous and the unrighteous have never gotten along. Neither the pure with the impure.
It is nature that we should be in enmity
First I think you are lying and female. Second, why would a male have an expectation of males since he is not romantically interested in males
Yeah a whole fucking 0 (ZERO).
Someone who is an incel for 30 years is too mentally fucked to get any woman.
Because it's hypocritical. I don't understand why women are expected to be this unrealistic cartoonish image of purity yet you don't hold us accountable for being man whores ever. You SAY You hate man whores but you never actually called them out on it here or anywhere else. If anything you suck their dicks and envy them to such an extreme that you constantly wish you were "born with the right Chad genes" or some other defeatist pathetic excuse for your failure in life. If a dude has sex he's a Chad that is subject to admiration, envy, jealousy, etc. If a woman has sex then she might as well be a leper living in New testament era Jerusalem with how you talk about them. I'm a khv myself and yet It's fascinating to watch You guys pulled mental gymnastics to justify being irrationally angry and mentally ill 24 fucking seven over shit that doesn't even matter.
yup
this goes in my honorary screencap complation
You're conflating hundreds of people with differing views and opinions and trying to address them all as one person. The people who cry about wanting to be chads who pump and dump women are not the same people who want to find a virgin they can marry dumbass.
Main point is that turning about whether or not she's a (((le sweet pure as snow little virgin))) it's kind of stupid because the likelyhood of you finding one is extremely slim. And, just as a lot of dudes feel insecure about being a virgin and feel the need to lie to their friends and partners by making up stories about losing it previously, some women will do the same about their body count. It's a silly thing to care about in my eyes.
This. I am 34 programmer, work remotely. Women never pay attention to me.
fix
No. I'd only accept a virgin girl. Failing that I'd rather stay single.
It's over dude. How do you plan to cope for the next 30 years?
Why is it a silly thing to care about exactly? From my point of view I couldn't love a non-virgin and I don't think she could love me either. Someone like me and someone who has sex frivousouly clearly have differing views on sex, love and intimacy. Would you date someone who was poly?
The same way I've been coping for the past 20 years?
At least for me, the reason I don't want a ran through whore isn't because I have high standards.
It's because she isn't gonna even half the kinky shit she did with the chads. Why the fuck would I put all that effort into a relationship with a whore woman that will only want to have boring sex or no sex all?! It's a fucking rip off
Let me put it in terms you can understand, imagine a man that spend thousands of dollars on onlyfans models in the past but now is only willing to spend 30 bucks on you. Would you date him?
Yeah exactly
Do you make an effort to talk to them?
ntayrt, but
shut up faggot
words to live by
Why is it a silly thing to care about exactly? 
I see it is like carrying whether or not your partner is left-handed or not. In this day and age people having sex with past partners is not uncommon. We are in the fucking 1800s anymore where people get stoned for talking back to their husband. Only mentally ill autists Care so much about this shit. Why do you think no one in real life spurgs out about this EXCEPT losers here. Even redditors aren't as One track minded as you seem to be. Is the only fucking place where a woman is deemed subhuman if she happened to have a past relationship with another dude. If I found out one of my friends was like this I don't know if I could respect him as a man anymore. 
Someone like me and someone who has sex frivousouly clearly have differing views on sex
I'm not defending people who have sex frivolously. You have said multiple times you cannot see yourself dating a non virgin. Non virgin =\= irredeemable used condom that has been with the entire football team. You think because women like that exist you assume any woman that has has sex is like that. That's the main fucking reason you care in the first place because you generalize people too much. Whenever I ask any of you "why does it matter" You give some stupid excuse like "well it probably means she's had hundreds of cocks right?" I don't blame people for laughing at us because it's so absurd. People like you are the reason incel is an insult now because it is associated with entitled man children who are the most uptight people in the universe and don't even fucking realize it. 
Midwit, no one mentioned polyamory. Now you're just listing off shit You don't like that you associate with someone being a non virgin. Next you're going to tell me all non virgins are crack addict tweakers right? Twins your question, no. Too much drama and they literally never work in real life unless One or multiple dudes is a pushover
Not if i become a A sexual crazy dictator.
Retard, I didn't tell you to call approach. Just hang out with people. Make fucking friends. You need to be able to make friends before you can have any hope of maintaining a relationship. You need a good smack on the jaw to get your head straight if you're this dense.
lmao what a tough guy, you need to be kicked in the head
Why do you have a video of a woman being beaten saved you fucking scumbag retard
Cope and seethe simp
Why do you think no one in real life spurgs out about this EXCEPT losers here.
You either live in faggot town or you just don't talk to your coworkers, because this is hardly a rare position to have.
woman is deemed subhuman if she happened to have a past relationship with another dude
I didn't say she was a subhuman I said I wouldn't want to date her. Do you think anyone who you wouldn't want to date is a subhuman?
 I found out one of my friends was like this I don't know if I could respect him as a man anymore.
Oh no this random retard won't respect me as man. How can I live my life from now on?
"well it probably means she's had hundreds of cocks right?"
You're reading what you want to hear into my words.
Next you're going to tell me all non virgins are crack addict tweakers right?
Clearly you don't understand what I'm saying. I asked if you would date someone who was poly to make the point that you wouldn't want to date someome who viewed intimacy differently either. What are poly people doing wrong after all? Nothing morally, but you still don't want to date them right? Why? Because their way of having relationships is gross to you. Just like how someone can treat sex so casually that they can have sex before marriage is gross to me.
Who is us? I wasn't aware we were members of some secret club. "Ohhh you're the reason people make fun of incels boohooo." You are such a pickme geez. Do you lead your entire life based on other peoples opinions?
the cope in this thread is getting out of head
too much simping
Why do kikes keep making psyop threads here?
My much older gf has had 2 previous partners and one rape
No casual sex (she says but how tf would i know) and no kids
She was my first and i feel like i only care that i wasnt her first because of that
But i know she will sadly die before me and she wants me to date after that so it doesnt bother me that much
also the stability and love she provides me much outweigh the bad feelings
Im 22 and shes almost 50
bruh, I'm 41 and I can tell you, even once you get settled and start making money they still won't want us.
Why do men get so upset that women can desire and enjoy sex?
Like do you expect your future girlfriend to have not gone through puberty and not have gotten sexual urges throughout her adolescence/adulthood?
This is what happens when women's sexuality is so heavily stigmatized, men can't comprehend that women can actually want to get off the same way a men does.
Understanding it logically does simply not make it better
I honestly can't even stand the fact that some other guy could find my gf attractive
then that's your own fault, not hers.
keep your unhealthy possessiveness to yourself and don't make her feel bad about it.
if you're lucky, she'll overlook how mentally ill you are and still want to be with you.
My gf is just as possessive and much older so it works
She protects me so much and says stuff like how she would like to lock me indoors and keep me to herself
Women just have to spread their legs and they get fucked. Some men fuck goats for fucks sake and you seriously ask what the difference is? Men cannot just pull out their cock and get sex you dumb fucking animal. If women cannot control their own animal urges until they find a compatible partner, instead of chad or a quick fuck in some sleazy night club, they are open to judgement. Sex in modernity is twisted as some empowering, freeing act, when in nature sex had only one goal and that is to spread your genetic material. B-but humans are abive that. No they are fucking not. Most of you degenerates want all the fun, without any of the responsibility and consequences. This clown world is peak demonville.
You can have sexual urges and feelings without fucking every guy you find attractive you stupid whore. Guys do that every day. It is only immature women who think not being a whore is equivalent to suppressing your sexuality.
For the longest time I couldn't comprehend it not because of any societal stigma but because I was never on the receiving end of their sexual advances until my mid 20s. That's when I lost my khv status. From my perspective, it was completely out of sight and mind that women were into having sex.
When I was in my early-mid teens, I believed girls were into sex and I asked classmates out, to the school dance. I was politely rejected by girls I was friends with. When I tried to get phone numbers from girls I met at concerts I ended up getting fake numbers. When I heard the theory that women weren't into sex as much as men, it made sex. I was disappointed by this because I wanted to have sex but I accepted it. I'd deluded myself desu
The truth is even more painful. Women are into sex but not with me... They may have those sexual urges but not towards me. The funny thing is I'm not even that into sex anymore even though I can get a girl now. I've been rejected too many times to feel any excitement towards dating, sex, and relationships.
Why do people get so upset when i can get the desire to brutally murder them? Like do you expect me to have not gone through society and not have gotten urges to shoot every genetic defect in the brain?
The idea of wasting my life with some whore and not even knowing it is terrifying. I'd probably commit suicide if I married a girl and I found out she lied to me and she was actually the town bike when she was younger. That's so fucking humiliating and I would have wasted the best years of my life on that whore.
why do you retards only go to extremes when talking about women's body counts?
you realize that there aren't only two options right, like either a woman is an angelic virgin or a depraved whore with a body count of 1000.
adult women have opportunities to have healthy, safe sex that isn't just fucking some chad in a nightclub bathroom. like you understand that the average man isn't a virgin like you for a reason right? average men have sex with average women because both are functional adults in society that recognize that they are allowed to have fun in a healthy manner and indulge in their sexuality.
read above.
rip
yeah right
No retard. There are actually two types of women. Those who have casual sex and those who don't. It doesn't matter if it's with your ex boyfriend or with a stranger in a club bathroom, having sex outside of a relationship says volumes about your inability to control yourself and your inability to delay gratification. It also says a lot about what you think about your future boyfriends and future husband. The fact is that having sex outside of a relationship either indicates that you don't value sex (and thus won't value any future partners as anything more than what they offer to you) or it will eventually lead you to not value sex because if you have casual sex, the only way you can justify your actions to yourself is by taking on the idea that sex is not important to be able to dismiss your actions as not evil. The reality is that all women who have casual sex are evil people who treat others as objects and I wouldn't even want to be friends with such a person let alone have a serious relationship with one or commit myself to her. Grow up and have some self control.
Shit writes itself
No I expect her to not have gone through with her urges. I could never love a non-virgin woman and she could never love me.
you are genuinely mentally ill and i hope you realize 99% of the normal, functioning adults you meet in your life will never think like you.
you have allowed boards like r9k to permanently warp your perception of love, sex and relationships and this will affect you for the rest of your life.
i genuinely feel bad for your brain, pls seek help and interact with more people outside of this echo chamber.
No, YOU are mentally ill and have been twisted by evil people to believe things which will make you unhappy. You will be a used up whore in old age and be unable to pair bond with people. There is plenty of research to support that fact. You do realize your mindset is literally the mindset of a prostitute? If sex has no meaning then it is merely transactional. The only difference is in your case it is "you make me feel good and I'll make you feel good" instead of "you pay me money and I'll make you feel good." There is almost no difference between you and a prostitute.
I told you to make friends, not ask random people on dates
Except they dont?
Men who can get sex as easy as women engage in promiscuity way crazier than women. 
You dont exercise any "control" over desire if you just dont have options to fullfill it.
Eat shit and choke on it. Manwhores who can't commit are as much of a mistake as your average whore.
No, eat shit and choke on it until it comes out your ears. Shove your whataboutisms up your ass. Ok you really didn't say that, I'm just assuming you would but whatever.
What a joke, you obviously don't know any men. I know a ton of men who don't even try to get laid.
A very nigger and low iq stretch of thought. There is literally zero logic between those two statements.
The average human male is nothing compared to chad who doesn't think beyond his degenerate dick. To even use this as an argument shows that there is no thought process involved.
Those who dont try to get laid obviously dont really have any urges. Your point? 
I ve known some chads and their bodycounts are legit in hundreds. Among women its a rarity aside of tiktok shows.
The only fundamental difference between chad and you is that chad doesnt beed to extort effort to have sex, while you do and your laziness outweight penis itch.
Chads are not born degenerate. They get drunk on it once it falls into their lap.
He doesn't need to put in any effort as women gladly do it for him. I CAN FIX HIM!
desu It's not really a question of effort. If girls aren't into you, then it won't matter how much effort you exert. You can easily get rejected 40 times in a row. The two girls you match with on dating apps will ghost you.
Unless by effort you mean trying to make yourself more attractive? This is a very long project and can take a decade or more. By the time you've gotten somewhere in your career, worked out, bought a condo, you'll be well into your 20s if everything goes well. By the time I achieved all of this, I wasn't even that into sex anymore. I'd become an asexual, unfeeling robot. I lost my erection half-way through it. A decade earlier I'd have been diamonds if I saw a nude girl. Maybe I'm just depressed or maybe I should give nofap a try, I'm not sure.
The JIDF salutes you for your valuable contributions. You have gained 500 good goy points and are one step further to becoming an Israeli citizen. 
Your friend, 
Shlomo
Kikes are the only ones who benefit from you picking up the tab and keeping their scheme afloat. Women betrayed men at every opportunity and it's time that betabuxxers were force fed the reality they have been trying to ignore for far too long.
I denounce the talmud out of my own free will.
I denounce the talmud and the zohar out of my own free will, I accept Jesus Christ as my savior and I fully endorse OP's message.
I do not understand what you are even talking about. I am short (5'9", no shoes though),women ghost me. Can't say anything about my face, not ugly but not handsome (at least I've never heard women calling my attractive or ugly).
And I have no problem talking to women, have male friends, have a good job, dress well. It does not matter. You can't fix you genetics, your bones if you will.
When I got horny during puberty I jacked off and got over it a few years later, I didn't go into the opposite sex locker to get fucked every week in HS. What a retarded comparison.
They grew up extremely brainwashed by society regarding certain ideas, such as fairness. They expect their partner to have had the same amount of sexual experience as them, and get upset if she's had more. It means she has something over them, it means the guy isn't the best he's had. It's an ego thing. 
Most of these guys don't even want a relationship, they want to feel like they're adequate for society and that includes a girlfriend.
That's not the original caption for that, is it? Because if it is I'm curious about where it's from.
I can assure you that it is. You're not familiar with Houellebecq's work I assume.
The movie is called "Whatever" and it's the adaptation of one of his most brutal blackpill books.
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0211359/
It's an okayish movie, but you should definitely read some of his books.
Interesting. I was looking to read something different anyways, seems like these days all I read is LNs. Is his stuff philosophical nonfiction or is he more of a novelist?
Another night, another pointless debate and it's only getting worse with each week. I welcome the the end of this shithole planet, be it nuclear, asteroid, alien or societal. Rome has been burning for a while and I'm tired of the ashes in my lungs.
That's a very good loop, quite originally so
They're novels, but it's mostly a vehicle to deliver his views on society.
I know women desire and enjoy sex. I also desire and would probably enjoy sex. I have not had it though. Yes, i expect my future ggf to have gone through puberty without having had sex just like I did. 
Men fully comprehend what you get out of it. You act as though women and men have the same desires though. This is incorrect. 
Even a teenage girl in the height of hormones would still only fuck an attractive good looking man. Whereas horny male teens will literally fuck anything that moves.
One world view has been held for thousands of years throughout human history. The other for the past 50 years. Suddenly women are becoming old karens with 30 cats and men are becoming incels. Really makes one ponder.
This has always been true, but the situation has changed.
The girl will settle with you, but expects to get something out of it. But the way relationships work now, she will have to settle for you UP FRONT, before you fulfill your side of the bargain.
If you fuck her for a while and then leave, and give her no commitment and no resources, she loses. And that is one of the most important functions of the blackpill - to prepare a generation of men who in the past would have fallen victim to women's betabux scheming, so that they hopefully can retain the presence of mind to lie to those cunts' faces, fuck them for a while, and then dump them.
Those are absolutely valid concerns, and almost certainly make more sense than 99.99% of the reasons women pull out of their ass for entering or leaving a relationship.
Nah. Been alone 28 years, if she isn't a virgin I'm happy to be alone for 28 more.
No there is a God and fornication is sin. Repent.
Can't take you unless you repent, for religious reasons.
Yes and its based. I have no idea what someone would do without a girlfriend. It sounds absolutely depressing that some retards dont have sex often
i haven't accepted it yet. I'm actively trying to. My strategy is to develop an NTR fetish. It isn't working; it still just makes me upset, even when it's happening to a fictional protagonist in hentai. Any tips?
I'm pretty sure clueless, beta bucks normies are happier.
wife?
bro I ain't got no rizz I'll never have partner lol
my future is chingando golfas en mexico
that doesn't happen. why?
chad gets 10/10 pussy thrown at him all the time.
if he dated down, he wouldnt be considered chad to other girls. 
also, any girl who gets with chad will be insanely insecure and jealous of other women looking at him. women hate eachother, and will fuck married men, taken men, any man, they want if they can in spite of other women.
Its crazy how men always cheat no matter who you are
I just want companionship at this point, so I'm fine with it as long as she doesn't bring it up.
if you only date men with insane sexual pull then yeah he'll constantly have women throwing themselves at him...this could be solved by dating lower than the top percent but ok
SO YOURE SAYING MEN CHEAT
I'm saying the top percent of men with insane options it's particularly easy for those men to cheat, vs inhabitants of this board such as myself with zero options
The lowest men cheat the most though. They have nothing to lose
what the anon below you said, I have zero options bro
I fuck prostitutes, I don't attract regular women
They can easily hang out at sleazy bars, they can find hookers, and they can fap to porn. The sexless meme is a choice but once youre already in a relationship you will want to fool around
My wife has told me about some of her past.
She and an exboyfriend had reached the end of their romantic relationship and decided to stop dating but still enjoyed sex together so decided to stay fuck buddies. It lead to him giving her the ok to sleep with his friends so for a couple of years she was involved with 6 of them casually.
again hookers =/= a relationship lol
I won't ever be in a relationship you silly goose
If thats what you want, sure. Some retard was talking about women dating lower but youre not even on the market
good day, sir
Absolutely brutal
I'm not on the chad market
I'm white 6' with an average face but have autism so I am not considered by women
Anon autists are going to get caught in a Sting. If you get caught in a Sting it's over for your career. Then how are you going to afford your mortgage/rent payments, never mind having $300/hr for hiring escorts.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2335372/Operation-Flush-Johns-Nassau-County-DA-posts-pictures-104-arrested-prostitution-sting.html
I did it in Nevada where it's legal, honestly doing it in the US at all is a mistake
far too expensive here
I got my passport, I plan on making trips to Mexico every so often
Sucks that the glory days are gone. It was nice before the cartels.
bro that's longer ago than I was born 'glory days' whatever Mexico currently has is all that's been there my whole life
They probably are, but two things have changed:
First, women are trying to pull off the switch-over to betabuxing at much older ages now. This means that the guys they are trying it on have much more accumulated cynicism.
Second, the combination of the internet Nice Guy (TM) Wars and the way that incel rageposting gradually pushed the blackpill into the mainstream have changed the mental landscape men bring to events. Thirty years ago when you got betabuxed you would say something stupid, like "Well I guess she finally grew up and realized what REALLY MATTERED!" or "My parents always said women would come around when I got a little older if I was just patient!" But in the current year it's harder to lie to yourself that way when 100,000 online repetitions of the blackpill are ringing in your ears. And that applies to normies, too, and not just to us.
calm down and let me be old
fucking zoomers
I would dump her for that
I'll let you be old if you can tell me what about it was better 'back then in the good ol days' over two decades ago
On what basis? It was way before we met
More clubs, more women. Tijuana had 4-5 big clubs and maybe 10 overall instead of just Hong Kong and the rest limping along, and the Monday/Tuesday night hotel rates were still like $20 a night at HK until like 4 years ago. Americans were less scared to cross the border and we didn't need passports to get into Mexico until like 2008, so you could just drive down get a blowjob and drive back home. Even more customers, more women to serve us.
More cities had active scenes. It wasn't just Tijuana. Nuevo Laredo, Reynosa, Juarez were all decent to very good with multiple bars and street girls. Even shitholes like Los Algodones / Yuma had a scene. The Army wasn't patrolling the zones with automatic rifles. A lot of the bars were smaller so you had more interaction with the ladies.
The old man in me says the girls were friendlier, but I know that I'm just old now. The days of getting an hour session and leaving the room 90 minutes later and 3 nuts lighter for under $100 are long over, but I don't know anyone in Mexico getting the same kind of treatment today.
[/old man rant]
f in the chat
Colorado to San Diego I can get round trip for under $250
I'd bring a grand with me to spend on the ladies, I can do this at least once a year
they didn't use to require passports? ok yeah that was clearly another era I missed out on
also how old are you on this website? 40+? lol
Robots have not yet accepted the blackpill yet. They still deny that Chad = looks and you can't do nothing about it.
42 in August.
9/11 ruined shit for everyone. But you could imagine what Tijuana was like when every swinging dick in Southern California could just drive there and get in quickly. 
Oh, one more factor. No fucking cellphones. No worries about some moralist asshole trying to film your plates, or spy on you in the club.
What does it matter? What is the concept behind this? Its ok if she fucked him a week before you met but unacceptable if she fucked him a month after you started going out? Why? What is the physical or emotional difference? 
For example if you found out today she fucked him last week, why are you suddenly angry? Your last week did not change at all. She wasn't necessarily any nicer or meaner to you. She may have even fucked you as well. So what actual difference does it make?
Bro what the fuck kinda hellscape bullshit is this? I'm already numb to blind partisanship and the sockpuppet western democracy but I'd probably turn to crime if both "sides" of my government decided to band together to fuck people so openly.
fuck you are old but right
I hate president Bush so much
no cell phones too, fuck I really did miss out on a different experience where I wouldn't have to worry at all lol
I have no problem with her having a sex life in the past. It's not an issue at all.
Yeah on second glance I found some from Canada that go for around $600-$800. Remember these are maple syrup bucks not USD and the distance is further away.
Camera phones ruined dogging in the UK too
crazy right, you have progressives and puritanical conservatives uniting to take away what little enjoyment men are allowed to experience
if this fag model of prostitution where buying is illegal but selling is fine gets implemented in my state, I will in minecraft grab a bow and ride a minecart to the state capitol and kill some creepers
What happened to Montreal? It was supposed to be a destination for mongers.
brutal
look at other dates, might be even cheaper
In 2014 Canada adopted the same model as Sweden. This made it legal to sell but illegal to buy.
Not all of the feminists were for the bill but the majority were at the time as far as I could tell from the online debates. Unironically escorts were opposed to the bill.
https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/prostitution-not-an-equal-crime-for-men-and-women-1.2706756
What causes this?
It's either cope or rope and god has made no better cope than firing off a few rounds into a brown teen.
Misery loves company.
I feel like it's implied that actual prostitutes oppose throwing their source of money in jail
the women that support this are non-prostitutes only, the actual prostitutes don't want to make their own business harder
Men are no better.
It's a cope. When a man becomes a cuck he is less than a man. Many so called alpha bros or Chad types are cucks. A supreme alpha chad that is a cuck no longer is the alpha chad bro. He is a permanent weak male. 
It's similar to men of such caliber if they collect STD's. The automatically lose Alpha status. They can longer function in society without so form of medical intervention. If they continue they fuck up the health of others.
that reddit post is such a small percentage of men
you know since I'm bi maybe I should do this and see what women's reaction is, obviously it would be bad, but they don't have to provide me with the same chastity that I must provide them with, very clearly rigged
Our first night in bed together my now wife rimmed me unprompted, so she had obviously done it enough times in the past that she was comfortable with it.
Men are usually much worse honestly
damn lol
that's wild, how do you feel about that
Your wife is a fucking gross whore.
Well obviously it was physically pleasurable but I was kind of shocked how bold she was. There was no warning, one second she was sucking me and the next she had her tongue up my ass.
She's been honest with me since that she was fairly open in college and played around a lot.
Maybe stop making it hard for yourself?
The only thing that gives me solace is that my dick is rather big and I plan on hurting her during sex as a punishment for being a slut.
That's your problem, why would you give women the ultimate prize when they don't even uphold the expectations of a future bride? I understand that women like sex, but using that as excuse as to why men should reject their gut repulsion to sharing the woman they give so much too is like us saying "Well why don't women want short guys? We don't care about height!". We are not the same, if you want to be a whore then you accept being less attractive to men, if men want to be emotional soft shy bois, then we must accept being less attractive to women. Women just can't accept that there is a price to pay for wanting to have it all, you want the perks of a whores life and the perks of a virgin bride.
Anyway, how do we cope? Just don't marry a non virgin, treat her well but never allow her to have a virgin brides life. Treat her like a sexy succubus from hell who for some reason wanted to have your babies and be with you, and enjoy it while it last.
yeah, it's so over lol
My future wife was mine first, she may have had sex with other people now but she still came back to me and MY dick
Just get married when you are 19 and youll be fine. I have no sympathy for losers who wait too long and are stuck with whores
If she can except that my tongue was Stacie's toilet paper and my cum was her enema.
This is a cuck fetishist. Stfu mentally ill obsessed loser
nice try nigger. Better luck next time
your future wife
kek
Figures.
marriage is a shit deal, if you can get laid you don't need to marry, why on earth would anyone want to tie themselves and their money to a old used up slut that is ready to settle down after being a skank her entire life?
here's an alternative, don't marry, have casual sex, live life to the fullest with your own money when you don't have to bleed it to some bitch and die knowing you won't leave behind kids that will have to inherit the shithole that boomers left behind after their cocaine binge of a life
Cuz shes a woman and deserves it.
Shut the fuck up you retarded tranny
Because its funny you cuck
Cuckciety makes it hard for us you retarded simp
