Sharing a shower Edition
It's Momcest Monday. You guys know what it is all about, share pictures and thoughts on milfs or your own lovely mom.
Forgot the subject field so I had to remake the thread.
Previous thread:
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/ - (part 1)
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73112535/ - (part 2)
Thread Question: When was the last time you took a shower or a bath with your mother? Could you see her agreeing to do it again with you now, and would you insist on helping her wash her body or would you be satisfied with just watching?
Is mom taking a shower naked along with you a normal occurence? Mine has only been standing by the tub fully clothed and washing me as far as my memory goes.
Part 2 highlights:
errands-anon going silently all the way (many congrats)
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73112535/#73115440
---
gothmom-anon's meet up
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73112535/#q73114575
+
romantic date and aftermath (what a wild mommy)
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73112535/#q73120490
----
cuddle-anon making mom breathe deeper
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73112535/#q73116590
-----
a semi-regular anon shared a few pics of his outrageously hot mom
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73112535/#q73113241 (scroll)
wishing stacymom-anon fast progress and success
I wish the questions were more realistic
Could you see her agreeing to do it again with you now, and would you insist on helping her wash her body or would you be satisfied with just watching?
How would say yes to this unless he is already engaging in momcest?
Requests for updates, big and small, going out to
errands-anon
gothmom-anon
shortstackmom-anon
cuddle-anon
confession-anon
rlg-anon
ass-masseur
prudemom-anon
tfw it's your birthday and no blowjob from mom as your birthday gift...
how would she know, if you don't request it?
Okay, you got me there. I'm scared she'd freak out if I asked her.
rlg-anon
When I went there last week, upon her opening the door I instantly hugged her and gave her dozen kisses on her cheek, shoulder and neck. She reacted normally by just blushing and awkwardly thanking me. She deserved it for looking really pretty that morning.
We went to a fairly distant restaurant that she really wanted to visit. It was fun. 
That's about it really. Wish there is more but I'm slowing down these upcoming weeks as I've mentioned before.
And she would.
I'm scared she'd freak out if I asked her
A sure way to ruin your relationship, yes. You need to take it nice and slow
I mean he could try if he lives in some wrecked home with a mom thats long divorced. Theres always a chance that she would end up pondering on the request and falling deeper into the rabbit hole.
I don't see it as something too unrealistic. I got into the sauna with my mom the last time I visited (though we both covered up while together) and she once offered to take a shower togther when I was in my late teens.
gave her dozen kisses on her cheek, shoulder
quite bold and passionate, rlg bro
and neck
you mean frontal neck kissing? she just stood there taking it? hmm..
looking really pretty that morning
did you let her know you thought that?
How come cuddles ain't happening? No opportunity to initiate or she's turning you down?
She would, yes.
Our home isn't wrecked and my dad is still in the picture although he's distant and many weeks rarely at home because of work.
Also, my mom suspects he's cheating on her - I heard them arguing about this many times - and I thought of taking advantage of this in some way, but there's no proof he's actually cheating (but knowing him, I wouldn't be surprised if he really does).
and she once offered to take a shower together when I was in my late teens.
... and you accepted, ofc?
he's distant and many weeks rarely at home
mom suspects he's cheating on her 
the stars are aligned for it, my friend... your mom wants action and revenge. make your move
I mean the most important thing is that she wouldn't rush to snitch on you to your father which seems like she wouldn't judging by your situation. Although its still extra risky to just boldly ask her to suck you off, just saying a chance of her agreeing exists.
quite bold and passionate, rlg bro
You bet.
you mean frontal neck kissing? she just stood there taking it? hmm..
Yep, I hope it wasn't that awkward for her although I wish she kissed me back few times.
did you let her know you thought that?
Yeah I made sure to tell her. I wish I could remember what I said exactly but it was probably just a basic compliment.
How come cuddles ain't happening? No opportunity to initiate or she's turning you down?
Mix of both honestly, she is spending almost all day working so the only time I have is when she is either about to sleep or take a nap and it really isn't my preferred timing. I rather her be fully awake and responsive.
nta, but there's no point in going for risky moves, if she's cock-starved and jealous. anon needs to slowly warm her up to the idea and start giving her more affection
Maybe. She's lonely, that's obvious and my dad doesn't spend much time with her, they don't even go to the theater or dinner together anymore and I thought of using that to my advantage.
I started to talk with her more, we cook together, I help her around the house, I complimented her clothes a few times (I didn't use to do that at all before) but I'm not sure she could actually start seeing me in romantic or sexual way and not just as her son.
I heard my mom mentioning some messages and one colleague of his and on friend in the past, but I haven't caught anything about actual proof - he dismisses everything as her being paranoid and jealous. Maybe if the proof was there, she could think of revenge, but right now I don't know.
Yeah, I'm not afraid at all of her telling my dad, rather afraid of fucking our whole relationship up instead.
I'm trying to slowly show more affection, see my reply >>73161940.
She wished a lot to see one concert this month, so I bought her tickets as Christmas gift and I'm thinking of taking her to theater after that since dad no longer does that.
I rather her be fully awake and responsive.
you gotta work with what you have and not wait for the perfect circumstances. laying next to her and hugging sounds quite nice too though. also, sharing a bed with you, even if kinda innocent, will put ideas in her head too....
Oh god I have found the holy grail, I spent the weekend with my gf and she stayed in mommy mode and I stayed in little space the whole time.
call he mommy in every interaction, even in public
calls me her little girl
took me shopping for cute clothes
did a bondage scene where she did things to help her little girl grow big and strong and disciplined her for being bratty
had so much juice boxes and strawberry milk and little pouches of snacks
coloring, cartoons, and kid video games all weekend
slept in diapers and footed onesie while cuddling plushies last night
feel like a happy puddle of mush all weekend
about to sleep or take a nap and it really isn't my preferred timing
You mean you got opportunities to take naps wiht her and not using them, anon?? Women feel quite frisky and in need of affection after naps. And if they wake up next to a young man laying there, they just might go for for a little bit of that
Do you have any coherent escalation plan? Where do you stand with the massaging route, ever done anything? Also exposing yourself seems to be a quick way of getting all the answers you need. But it seems like you aren't really close to something particularly sexual like massages, groping and exhibitionism.
but I'm not sure she could actually start seeing me in romantic or sexual way and not just as her son.
If you start doing more things together and taking on the role of "the man of the house", she will definitely start looking at you differently. Add to that some close body contact and sexual tension, she'll be getting funny thoughts soon enough... 
Are you attracted to her? Is she good looking? Are you a new-anon here?
No, I don't have any specific escalation plan, for now I'm just trying to have a closer relationship so she's not lonely and we can get emotionally closer to each other.
I've never done massages and it would feel a little out of place to offer. And exposing myself? We often walk around in underwear when it's warm but I haven't done more. Maybe I could try to get caught while changing so she sees me naked, in the worst case it would just seem like an accident.
Do you think she'd really start seeing me like that? I'd love that and I hope it happens but I'm not sure if that's something that happens outside of fantasies and if actual mom can get past the mental block of me being her son.
Yes, I'm attracted to her, have been for a very long time, since I was a teen. I won't be lying, she got chubby over the years but I still think she looks pretty.
And yes, I'm new here - I was watching these threads for some time but I haven't posted before.
I really doubt she would ever fall completely asleep while I'm hugging her. She isn't fan of the idea of me sleeping with her, she knows how intimate I may get pretty sure.
I'm not sure if that's something that happens outside of fantasies 
surely you're aware of errand-anon?...
and if actual mom can get past the mental block of me being her son
it is a challenge yes, and might never happen. you're duty is to try and see what happens, you never know. If you signal your sexual interest in her, she might start considering it
Forecast says its gonna be 75f on the weekend. Not sure if thats hot enough but there's a chance she might end up putting on a dress after work. In any case, im not gonna miss a chance of feeling her up underneath if she does.
I didn't. It was a big misstake on my part but I also hadn't come to terms with my feelings for her yet. I didn't realize what exactly I had turned down until right after since I wasn't constantly thinking about her that way.
I recall you saying you're a bit of an autistic volcel, so let me tell you this.
She stuffed her tits in your face and touched your pp for 5 mins in hopes of feeling you get a boner. She has her moments, and next one better find her while you're laying in bed together.
Also, neck kissing is highly erotic, as previously mentioned. So if she professes to be a prude, devout mommy, she would've at least tried to politely ask you not do that and refrain from it. But she's doesn't, she likes the affection.
Right, maybe I'll have luck some day.
For now I'll keep spending time with her and try to compliment her more. After the concert I'll offer to take her to theater or maybe even dinner (she rarely goes to the city now so it might feel like a special occasion), and it's getting warm already. During summer we'll often have no choice but to walk around in underwear and maybe by then I can try to get little more physical too or at least try to see if she's showing any kind of interest.
If she comes home tired and grudgy offer her foot/leg massage, no harm in that plus you get a chance to really feel her up and she might end up wanting more.
But you realize also how weird and inappropriate that request was? That's pretty much her propositioning you sex.... Your mom wanted to be naked with you, knowing you're an out of control horny teen. 
Are you ready to start your saga and fix the mistake?
ass-maseur back on that grind. i'm ready for some great updates, sir
One of the guys with biggest prospects but constantly cockblocked by circumstances
I only realized way too late, but my mom used to basically creep on me when I was a kid. showering with me was one of the things she did, supposedly to make sure I was doing it right, but I asked her to stop cause I thought it was condescending that she thought I couldn't do it right lol. I now wish I'd realized what was going on and been receptive to it, I have a massive fetish for it.
walk around in underwear and maybe by then I can try to get little more physical too
It's becoming more and more clear that the turning point for momcest progress is her feeling or seeing the boner. 
That's when she *really* realizes - "hey, i'm living with a horny, handsome young man, with a real cock. and we're both single and lonely... hmmm...."
now wish I'd realized what was going on and been receptive to it
Don't you hate when that happens... Always could try to fix it though
@confesion anon, how was your weekend?
Next time we end up cuddling i'm going for her holes, need to turn the notch up a bit now.
I think I will try that after a few "dates". It would be great if it made her think about things you are saying, and in the worst case I can play it off with some dumb joke, but still, she hasn't seen me with a hardon in my shorts before.
The image of a-m checking on the weather foreast in view of devising ass-massaging attacks is cracking me up
I think you should be more flexible on that and only do it if it seems right. Would hate a premature end to your saga, bro
But you realize also how weird and inappropriate that request was? That's pretty much her propositioning you sex.
It was more like we both were going to take a shower and neither if us wanted to make the other wait so she suggested us going in together as it's not like we haven't seen each other naked before.
I'll try fixing my mistake this summer, I think it should be more than possible if I push for it in the right way. First step should be to start going to the sauna together regularly.
t. OP-masseur
Yeah i am growing a bit impatient but as i said, im pretty confident that my intuition can tell me when is enough. Besides, thats not something i haven't attempted before. If she wants to get this thing done she will let me, no matter if i ease in for a month or two or just try it out right away. Of course, im not going to be brash and pushy, i'll go the same route of gently sliding my finger down her butt and slowly start pushing in.
n the worst case I can play it off with some dumb joke
I don't think moms mind it much, if at all. It's a natural thing to happen and and only a proof for her you're a healthy, young guy. 
But she will start thinking about it a lot afterwards. That's when the real fun begins...
Oh, that was you, op...
neither if us wanted to make the other wait so 
a questionable pretext still, imo
&lt;she would've been ok with you seeing her like this? hmm......
Maybe you should try suggesting it over summer..
How about before you go digging in her holes, you do a little spooning and introduce her to some boner poking? Just to get some additional assurances
Yeah but when we cuddle its usually a face 2 face ordeal. Me ending up behind her back is a rare occurence, besides, i think i already poked her the first time i came in my underwear, in one of early stories.
start going to the sauna together regularly
Oh, fuck yeah, op. Then maybe start getting more comfortable and suggest losing the clothes... rubbing oils... introduce the boner.
Strong finnanon flashbacks.
Me ending up behind her back is a rare occurence
Don't be afraid to ask "wanna spoon a little bit?". Besides, that would serve as a bit of proof she's interested, if she's not naive.
wanna spoon a little bit?
Uhh is that really a thing that isnt exclusively sexual? I need to find a word for spooning in my language.
Cuddle anon here
Unfortunately in the time I've been gone I haven't done all too much with mom. We had one relatively short cuddle session where one of my hands was on her hip for a while but that was about it. Only other notable thing is that I asked my mom about her high school years and learned she was pretty pure despite going to parties.
Admittedly in addition to both of us being a bit busy I am also having some doubts about the momcest and I'm getting a bit nervous to push forward.
I mean, that's what errand-anon was doing while watching tv. And cuddle-anon is kinda practicing that too... 
It is a bit sexual yes, considering the promixity, but that's exactly the point - her getting comfortable with it and opening her up for more.
having some doubts about the momcest and I'm getting a bit nervous to push forward
That's ok cuddle bro, dont worry about. Momcest is a huge deal and requires some determination. You could pull back, now that you've initiated a lot and let her come to you, if you're more comfortable with it. 
You wouldn't say no to mommy's requests, right?
Ask instead if you can hold/embrace her.
You could not even ask, but wait till she's kinda turned away from you and attack with a hug from behind and lock her in the spoon position. Then poke and grind at will. hhhhhnnng
Gothmom anon again
Have an AIMirror of me and Gothmom in bed. About to start work so I will have to be brief
Sunday went amazing.>
Went on a little trip with mom. Drove to a big mall about 2 hours away.
No one knows us so we spent the day walking around, holding hands, kissing etc.
It was amazing getting to squeeze her ass in public and I could tell she was nervous but liking it.
Went to some of the mall cafes for coffee and had some light make outs.
We went to clothes shopping too and had a really funny moment.
She bent over to look at some things so I slapped her ass and her mom instincts kicked in.
She instantly whipped around and said "Anon!" In her mom voice. She got embarrassed saying it so loud.
Highlight of the shopping trip was walking along with her linking my arm and she nudged me and gestured with her head saying "do you want to?". It was a lingerie store.
spent roughly an hour watching her try on hot lingerie and bought a few
Bought her a black lace bodysuit that's see through. It's one of those with no back panel at the ass so it's made for doggystyle and anal
Also bought some hot red thongs with matching bra
Bought her this dark green corset style lingerie too
she asked if she could buy one other thing but I wasn't allowed to look.
After we bought them she said "I don't know about you but I'm ready to head home now anon"
I'll post what happened at home later.
attack
"It's spooning time!"
"No, son, no!"
spent roughly an hour watching her try on hot lingerie and bought a few
oh, fuck yeah
she asked if she could buy one other thing but I wasn't allowed to look
oh, fuck yeah
I'll post what happened at home later
oh, fuck yeah
And I guess a pic of Gothmom at the mall. I have to go for now. I'll post later.
The way she's looking at you, gothbro....
@Auntfem, forgot to add
Definitely interested in your updates
mom only shares a shower with CHADSON
but also ONLYSON, cuz she's too horny not to
Taking a shower with mommy after a momcest session to clean off the cummies and squirties....
@errands bro, had a pleasant weekend?....
You wanna get yourself a tag and be a regular, mombro?
Do you think you produce more cum when fapping to mommies?
Hi. I'm not sure. I like these threads but I'm not sure how often I'll come here or report anything.
It did feel good to let it out of me today, however.
Not sure if more, but definitely more intense
As cuddle-anon said, even getting to normalizing cuddling (which they don't mind at all, btw) and feeling mom's affection is quite amazing
confession dude here, I\ve spent the weekend at moms place. It was really hot and we were spending a lot of time outside so I had a lot of beautiful views to look at which was very nice. As to what happened, I'm sorry to dissapoint but nothing really. She did give me a long hug and a kiss when I arrived and both nights I was there we kinda cuddled on the couch watching stuff before bed, but for some reason I didn't do anything, no moves no touching no nothing. Can't really explain why, it's kinda as if I was frozen. But it was great to spend some substantial time with her though.
I'd enjoy cuddling with her a lot, I hope I can get to that point one day. It would be awesome to spend evenings together like that when dad is away. First I want to try make hugs much more common, then we'll see.
I realize I'm basically wishing to be her boyfriend and have a romantic relationship with her.
It makes me feel weird to feel like this while she has absolutely no idea and I'm just a normal son in her eyes, I'm afraid of disappointing her or letting her down if she starts catching up to my intentions.
afraid of disappointing her or letting her down if she starts catching up to my intentions.
Think of errand-anon and his mom suggesting taking the tv watching to the bedroom, then him staying to sleep in her bed. 
It's definitely possible if she still has a sex drive and you push her buttons.
I wonder about her sex drive. I know that when she was younger she was very sexual and I remember hearing her moans often as a kid or a teen, but I'm not sure how she feels now. I hope or wish it didn't change much, in that case I could have a serious chance one day if she really feels unfulfilled and ignored by dad.
But wanting to have sex after a long time and doing it with own son are very different things.
Can't really explain why, it's kinda as if I was frozen
was it anxiety? fear of making the wrong move and ruining it?
we kinda cuddled on the couch watching stuff before bed
It's nice you can still do that and she allows it after the confession blunder.
When's the next visit?
I wonder about her sex drive. I know that when she was younger she was very sexual
Well, women are quite sexual well into their 50s normally and it doesnt change much over the years, so that's encouraging.
What's her aprx age and the age gap b/w you?
I'll see her tommorow and I'll stay the night and drive her to the airport in the morning. 
It's nice you can still do that and she allows it after the confession blunder. 
It's honestly like she forgot it or just erased it. I don't understand.
It would be great if you are right. She probably wouldn't be as wild now as she used to be when she was younger but still, it would be great.
I'm 27, she's 47.
Can anyone recap this gothmom guy's story, I haven't followed it I don't understand shit
Imagine being in the shower with your mom and your face is at the same height as her massive bush
like she forgot it or just erased it
Ooooor she changed her mind about it.
I don't understand
Well, you won't find out if you don't try anything, that's for sure.
Do a little probing tommow. Pull her in closer while cuddling. See if she's getting a bit restless and starts breathing deeper.
here you go momfren. you're missing out if not lurking regularly
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73082943
'm 27, she's 47
Not bad at all, a mommy ripe for sonlove.
Try for now more hugging, compliments, going out shopping and stuff, cuddling, watching tv together. Telling her she looks great and is beautiful. So she gets the idea "well, at least my son appreciates me" and she turns her attention to you to get validation.
a questionable pretext
You can say that about our massages as well.
she would've been ok with you seeing her like this?
I wonder if she would just have worn a towel and waited on me and then showered will I dried off. I can't really imagine her openly washing her body in front of me, although she was less shy when I was younger so maybe it was possible.
Maybe you should try suggesting it over summer
I hope that I can make it happen.
Then maybe start getting more comfortable and suggest losing the clothes... rubbing oils... introduce the boner
That could certainly be a way forward.
Strong finnanon flashbacks
His story inspired me to ask my mom to join me in the sauna.
She showers with Betason with a 'look but no touch' approach, but when she showers with his brother CHADSON, she lets him dominate her.
she lets him dominate her
bet you dream about a chadson dominating you too
I like the photo, that's basically my mom's current body type.
And yes, that's my plan for now. Slowly build up physical affection, so it's completely normal for us to hug each day or for me to just touch her back or arm and spend time together, both at home (already doing that, can do more) and outside (I'll start with the concert we'll go to together, then I want to do more with dinners and theatre, maybe one day even vacations but that might probably be weird to dad if we two went alone), so she feels that there's still a man at home who sees her as an attractive woman.
His story inspired me to ask my mom to join me in the sauna
More anons should use this route, imo. Great pretext for getting into sexual situations with mom, while everything is seemingly normal.
that's basically my mom's current body type
omg anon. i'm suddenly a lot more invested in your saga lol
failure not an option now.
Ooooor she changed her mind about it.
Yeah but why wouldn't she then signal it?
She has no problem bending her ass over to me when cleaning or doing stuff. This is literally her, a creep I took a few weeks ago. Whenever she does stuff like this it gets me hard as fuck but I genuinely believe she just doesn't realize.
that's my plan for now. Slowly build up physical affection
Good plan, anon. But don't plan to stretch it over years. Introduce a good rhythm to the changes, so there's a tension building up between you and you don't come across as simply being a good son. She needs to think "my sons seems pretty interested in me and my body" and gets curious.
Posting some general notes again. (1/2)
Posting some general notes again. (2/2)
That's funny, I never expected anyone to get invested in my case like this.
Yes, it's important not to be too fast but also not to be too slow. To be honest I'm not sure what the right rhythm is but I think I can manage not to push things too fast and too far.
My wish or plan if I can call it is to try to get physical by this summer, at least to normalize hugs and compliments and caressing touches and even kisses (not on the lips, at least not yet).
Coupled with my planned quasi romantic dates I hope that if she doesn't get scared or pushes me back, we could consumate our love by the end of this year. I don't know, we'll see how things go and how she reacts to all the new attention.
Now I realize I have to hope my dad doesn't get his act together, that's weird.
picrel
Good lord... she's thiccer than a bowl of oatmeal. In urgent need of sonlove.
has no problem bending her ass over to me when cleaning
I think it's possible she enjoys teasing you a bit, knowing how you feel about her. She still has her needs to feel attractive and I'm sure she knows what she's doing. You need to signal to her discretly that you still want it.
But nothing will happen if you don't do anything. So try smtn tomorrow night.
yeah I love her bodytype. she's the typical thick mommy and I can't get enough of her
I think it's possible she enjoys teasing you a bit, knowing how you feel about her. She still has her needs to feel attractive and I'm sure she knows what she's doing. You need to signal to her discretly that you still want it.
But nothing will happen if you don't do anything. So try smtn tomorrow night.
maybe she knows, maybe she doesn't. We;ll see
hope that if she doesn't get scared or pushes me back
As long as you don't come across as obv trying to seduce her, you'll be fine. 
When making some bold move, pull back a bit and let her adjust mentally and catch up. It only happens if it's 50/50 thing and she's actively playing. Or mostly mom even, deciding she wants it and it needs to happen i.e errands-anon again.
I see, thanks for advice.
Godspeed, anon. Those curves need 24/7 affection and caressing.
how do i get started mombros?
Dang, look at those tight see-thru yoga pants. It's like an invitation.
She could put on some loose baggy pants when you're over, to dissuade you from getting any thoughts. But no...
Yes, for years I've dreamed about feeling her naked body under my hands and I finally want to turn those dreams into reality this year.
yeah that's what I thought but then she's just wearing an old hoodie over the top. I think if she really wanted to tease me she'd be more obvious, dont you think?
I want to say it happened once or twice to me but I basically have no memory of any details, I would have been extremely young.
Gothmom anon again.
Oh I was so excited to get back home it was unreal.
It feels like we are a hell of a lot closer now. Not in the obvious we are fucking kind of way but like we cleared things up between us so we are happier and have a much closer and warm relationship. 
tl;dr
at 14 mom caught me masturbating a couple of times
she was drunk one time she caught me and blew me
ended up fucking for years
she called it off suddenly
lately we had an emotional reconciliation and figured things out.
now going on date and fucking again.
Have another AI'd photo from the Sunday.
you just start, mombro.
you start loving your mom as much as possible
Thread Question: When was the last time you took a shower or a bath with your mother?
Sadly I think I never did, if I did as a child then I can't remember
Could you see her agreeing to do it again with you now?
No way, she would instantly see through my facade and know it's for sexual motives, she'd also be weirded out by such a sudden and awkward request. I've intentionally barged in while she was showering/bathing just to see her naked body, and she would always get embarrassed and cover herself.
and would you insist on helping her wash her body or would you be satisfied with just watching?
I'll take whatever I can, I feel like just staring at her would be weird from her perspective, but holy shit if I could ever join her in the shower, literal Heaven
but like we cleared things up between us so we are happier and have a much closer and warm relationship.
you really needed that talking session, and telling her you understand her thinking. now shes not holding back anything.
Do you look like a young version of your dad by any chance, gothmom bro?
Be nice to her and do as she says
Help around the house, even if she doesn't ask you to, help her with chores
Talk to her, ask about her day, if she has something planned wish her good luck or to have fun, etc. Basically make sure you're a part of her life and don't grow distant
Shower her with affection, casual hugs and smooches, even for no reason other than to remind her how much you love her
Walk around the house with revealing clothes, like in your underwear, if you're ballsy get intentionally caught masturbating
Gift her presents, either things she wanted or something sexy, like a new bathing suit, underwear, bras, stockings, etc.
A bit risky, but you could try to steal her panties and make it obvious you took them (leave her drawer open, leave them in your room where she can find them)
Basically just be the best son she could have while leaving slight hints about your sexuality
how do you guys get hot for this?
might just be the way i lived, but i've had basically every single thing you're all on about like baths when i was little,a lot of care and being close and i simply don't feel that way.
assuming mostly americans, i think it might be something about culture, mainly some lack of love and the taboo.
whatcha think?
Yes, that talk worked wonders for us and has really moved things forward fast. I can tell she doesn't have as many reservations. She is still hesitant some times but less and less. I'll post the story later. I'm on lunch so don't want to spend the whole thing typing.
Everyone says I am the spitting image of my dad and I really am. I'm basically a younger, taller, in better shape version of my dad. Our pictures side by side are uncanny and I do admit I love the jawline I inherited from him.
Have another gothmom at the mall. I find it funny the AI basically put cum on her neck
Forgot picture. Here it is. Yes my comment is original mods.
Have sexy, loving mom, wanna bang sexy, loving mom. Simple as.
It's an American thing
We've had anons from around the globe in these generals (at least they say), so it seems to be something more behavioral than cultural
weird.
the more taboo stuff like trying to shock by walking around in revealing stuff, or being extra on love doesn't translate for me.
i literally walk around naked at times
Yeah, most moms are like this, they are just comfy around her family members and simply clean stuff in this pose because its just easier. I assure you you're not alone.
Can depend on the family dynamic
In some families it may be normal to briefly see someone naked if you cross paths (like if you're exiting the bathroom to go get your clothes in your room), in others they might be more modest so seeing your son or mom in a revealing manner or even naked can be more shocking.
I guess this gives you an idea of my head shape. My dads is almost exactly the same. The AI keeps fucking up my mom's face because of the angle. This was the best one.
When was the last time you took a shower or a bath with your mother?
The last drought. It was not really exciting. It's something you get used to over time.
and i simply don't feel that way.
lol you're saying it like you have an obligation to feel that way.
If don't feel that way, you just don't, it's not your thing then. Why would you wanna start?
basically a younger, taller, in better shape version of my dad
well, that might explain a lot too then.
this could be the relationship with your dad that works. the idealized version of the failed one. the dad-substitute.
I think you should maybe stop posting pics to avoid attracting too much attention to your story. We got the idea
She's cute but can you add some wrinkles?
The difference is, that's the guy who confessed to his mom about wanting to bang her. And she gently let him down.
The AI really insists on makng her look like a Japanese schoolgirl
But do you WANT to bang your mom? or maybe feel she needs to get her rocks off from time to time? if yes, start planning your strategy
Yeah but that was ages ago. It watered down and she just cleans shit up on her knees without paying much attention, no need to blow things outta proportion.
Reminder that this is your mom at night, while you're reluctant to take responsibility and hesitant to make moves.
no need to blow things outta proportion
Just tryin to get confession bro more excited and confident about trying again
I want my mom and Chad brother to bang.
bet you dream about a chadson dominating you too
yes
Sauce pls anon 
this post is not orinigal ect
Yeah let's be realistic. If she was really teasing me, she'd dress different, she'd wear more makeup around me and generally speaking she would act differently than she does. I really haven't ever felt a signal that she's changed her mind about me, which is what makes me really reluctant to make any moves myself.
Speaking as an ass masseur, my mom gives zero hints likewise yet here i am. My mom might be a one off but trying out something in your case cant really hurt that bad.
haven't ever felt a signal that she's changed her mind about me
Is it possible you get a bit tipsy together tomorrow to lower her inhibitions a bit, before settling in for some cuddling? 
She may not be signaling you anything, but you also she omit the possibility she might be reluctant, but not *totally opposed* to it either.
Is it possible she'll reluctantly give in if you keep pressing, and allow it to happen this time around? That's for you to find out...
My mom might be a one off
she's definitely a one off, a-m
That episode with you intercepting her in the hall and dragging her to a bedroom to ass-massage was so hot. Need another one. But in a warm room.
Summer is close, convincing her to drop her leggings shouldn't be much of a hassle in the future
Summer is close
should be the /mcg/ motto
"Anon, give mommy a kiss..." What do?
French her butthole.
that's the most appealing backside i've seen in a while, just a complete package
Went on vacation with just me and mum recently. I thought maybe she was using that as an excuse to fuck but she got a hotel with two beds and never advance towards me
and never advance towards me
and no advances from you towards her, I guess
just waiting on each other to take the first step..
mom arranges a vacation for 2 of you ALONE
2 bed hotel room
literally worse than a friendzone
Should've asserted dominance and pushed the beds together on the first night.
Saturday was nice. Yesterday was a lot of running around to pick up things she bought off Facebook.
Saturday
finish taking care of a couple chores, see Mom doing the dishes
come up behind her and rest a hand on her ass, tell her to go rest and I'll do them
Trying to be more physical in general when we're alone.
laying back in bed with her later, spooning and talking
says she thought she was talking to my dad when they were young for a second when I did that, giggles
after a little more cuddling and talking she gives me head
Truth. Last time I was on vacation with my mom (and brother) it was one bed for the three of us.
after a little more cuddling and talking she gives me head
oh boy.. things are progressing
details pls? was that the first time? 
did she just slide down and pull your cock out? how good was she? did she... swallow?
hope you plan to return the favor...
any mom on top banging yet?
details pls? was that the first time?
Yeah, first time she's used her mouth on me at all. She did basically just slide down and take it out. Said something like "Just lay back and relax" and went to it. Probably the best oral I've had, just because of who it was. I warned her when I was close and she finished me by hand. Messy but god it felt good.
hope you plan to return the favor...
any mom on top banging yet?
Not yet but I'd like to do both those. I want her to sit on my face while I go down on her.
want her to sit on my face while I go down on her
that would be super hot.
have her sit on top of you and pull towards your face. give her a little surprise.
tfw no Pajeeta Mommy
warned her when I was close and she finished me by hand
A bit dissapointing, but she'll come around soon
Might just ask her outright to sit on my face tonight. I want to try that with her and maybe titfucking. And of course a round with her on top.
I'm sure, yeah. Still felt pretty awesome.
Might just ask her outright to sit on my face tonigh
She might prefer to lay more comfortably and have it the old fashioned way the first time
I'm sure, yeah
Just don't warn her next time.
If she'll ask, means it will take a while...
If not too busy, maybe you could share some stories about banging her friends? You mentioned it in passing, like it's no biggie.
Were you preying on her friends circle? Or they turned you into their fuckboi?
She might prefer to lay more comfortably and have it the old fashioned way the first time
That's possible, I just want her on my face at some point.
Just don't warn her next time.
Could work too.
Were you preying on her friends circle? Or they turned you into their fuckboi?
It was more them than me. If you've ever seen a group of middle-aged women having a little too much fun at lunch flirting with the waiters and stuff...my mom's friends are like that.
there's a wedding in the family and mom invited one of her close friends as a guest
"Rachel" is about average height, thick, with a ton of tattoos, tanlines, and black hair
I'm in my early 20s at the time
I get recruited to get her to and from the wedding because Mom's too busy helping with prep
pick her up and help her get her stuff to the car, she's touching me all over and showering me with compliments
take her home after and she invites me in "for a drink"
have sex with a condom on with her riding me
cum with one of her tits in my mouth
Other one
"Lauren" needs help moving some stuff to her new place and her son isn't available, I get volunteered
she's over 6 feet tall with strawberry blonde hair and decent curves
used to babysit her youngest daughter, good kid
get everything hauled where it needs to be, we sit down and have a couple beers in this half moved into house
asks if I have a girlfriend, tell her nope
she goes into predator mode and comes onto me
have sex doggy style, with her bent over the couch, no condom
pull out just in time, cum on her ass
thanks me for helping her move her stuff, tries to pay me too, politely refuse and go home
Older women have just always liked me. I really wish 4chan would move into the year 2023 and allow webms with sound on all boards so I could have posted >>>/gif/5073372 here instead of hoping I linked it right.
Fuck I linked the wrong board. >>>/wsg/5073372 for the relevant clip. Regardless, as long as I can remember, older women like me.
she's over 6 feet tall with strawberry blonde hair and decent curves
hot asf
Dang, either your mom's got some thirsty friends or you're one good looking guy.
Those 2 are the only ones?
Dang, either your mom's got some thirsty friends or you're one good looking guy.
Little of both, I think. I keep in shape but they're horny.
Those 2 are the only ones?
There was a third who hit on me, but they got into a fight about something and stopped talking to each other before I could get anywhere with that. She was short and blonde.
Was that a one time thing with those two or went on for a while afterwards? Calling on you for "help'?
Just the one time each, unfortunately.
Alright, hope to see your updates tomorrow on the face-sitting and riding. 
Maybe try some kissing too
overattached desi 'practice wife' starts acting like the real thing...
Shortstackmom bro, any weekend updates?
You got any creeps of her you might share? To appreciate her curves?
you will never screw her
you'll never share + experience the orgasm that made you
you'll never nurse from her breasts as they enlarge to nourish you
you'll never finish on and inside her belly as it swells and grows with you inside
you'll never be there at the moment you leave her and enter the world
you will never screw her
Not with that attitude.
Why do moms and sons immediately start screwing once they're alone in a hotel room?
Gothmom anon again. 
I think that is the case and I'm not sure how to feel about that honestly.
That's a good point. I'll refrain from now on.
I'm on my way home now so I can post what happened on Sunday once I'm back.
The amount of legit sounding stories i've read where mom and son went on some party alone and the son ends up spooning and fucking his semi-concious mom is crazy. Theres even one on reddit where a guy begged his mom to let him spoon her and she reluctantly agreed and was angry long after. You could see through his emotions that he spoke from experience.
Where did you read all those stories, sir?
let him spoon her
a-m, this you? you seem to perceive spooning as sexual act/position? it's just hugging from behind
KEK STUPID FAGGOT
sorry, should've worded it better. She completely stripped down her underwear, he specifically mentioned how his dickhead grinding against her asshole was burned in his memory.
that one was from reddit, others from 4chan
Any plans to attempt some spooning and poking first, before going all in on the holes?
i'll definitely do that if the opportunity presents itself, although slowly inching my fingers toward the forbidden caves is a more likely given the opportunities that usually present themselves
GOD, I wanna spead those cheeks and SNIFFFFF
If she lets you finger, will you pull the cock out immediately and go to town?
fuck, I have no idea. Depends if we end up being alone in the house, even then i might just end up in a limbo of just reservedly touching her. But probably yeah, i'll try. Will just lift her into doggy and pray that i don't bust my soul out the moment my tip feels any pressure.
But a-m, do you really wanna start your sex life with the highest of highs and fucking burn your dopamine receptors and melt your brain, like gothmom-anon?
can someone redpill me on @errandanon history?
in an ideal situation - no. However if the opportunity presents itself i would be lying if i said i could refuse. At least as of now. She completely ruined me from letting me fondle her plain naked cheeks, i could not even predict what would have happened back then, at least in my conscious brain. It was completely uncalled for from her.
Cuddle anon here, forgot about the thread question.
When I was a lot younger my mom would shower with me but I don't remember those times whatsoever aside from knowing she did which is unfortunate. I extremely doubt she would do it now at least not without a lot more build up time, but I would definitely enjoy it.
was completely uncalled for from her.
so now you kinda want her to bear the full brunt of the consequences. to serve justice.
mom got a new car
seat vibrates when you get to close to an object when backing up
tells me to feel it vibrating 
put my hand on her chair and go slightly under her thigh before realizing my mistake and pulling out
I feel like she's tempting me but I can't tell.
go slightly under her thigh
you were supposed to put your hand between her thighs.
i mean not really, just saying that if she didn't let me go as far as spreading her cheeks to the point her fking asshole could be seen i would've probably grown cold and went on to lose my fetish for momcest
I'm such a pussy. And im too scared of the consequences if she says no
I spied on my mum giving a bj in my teens
sounds like that little brown starfish managed to rearrange your brains
Why do you think she's trying to temp you, anon? She just wanted you to feel the seat vibrating.
Or is there something more going on between you?
Gothmom anon again.
Following on from >>73162602 
tl;dr for that. Me and mom went shopping. We spent an hour shopping for sexy lingerie.
Got back home from the mall
Started making out from all the pent up frustration of touching each other all day
We go to the bedroom and mom starts going through the lingerie we bought but I can't see
Says "This one is a secret. I think this one. Go shower anon"
I shower and come back naked and rock hard
Mom goes to shower too and tells me to wait
When she comes back she is wearing the black lace body suit
Does some sexy poses asking what I think
Instant boner, don't even say a word and start kissing her
She got down on her knees and started to blow me
Sidenote: It is honestly a huge power trip seeing the woman who raised you, disciplined you and was an authority figure on her knees slurping away.
She got up and got on her knees on the bed and said "come on anon"
Slid in and started fucking her
Because she was bent over the lingerie was kind of pulling her cheeks open so I could see her asshole bobbing up and down
I told her I want here too, wet my thumb and started pressing against it
She yelped a little and told me "Not this time, I haven't cleaned. You can press it"
Kept fucking while circling her asshole
She started getting close and moved forward
Pushed her down and fucked her fast prone bone
She started moaning in the sheets and I came too
We had a little cuddle after that and I teased her about not being "clean" so she gave me a light slap on the chest and said "would you have preferred I let you find that out the hard way?". We ended up fucking one more time before she headed home. I had an awesome nights sleep and feel so energetic today because of it.
its not really that that made a huge impact, although seeing those slight brownish wrinkles on the sides and a bit of grown trimmed pubes was definitely a sight to behold
Great stuff, gothbro
How did she look in that body suit?
honestly a huge power trip seeing the woman who raised you, disciplined you and was an authority figure on her knees slurping away
definitely one of the key aspects of this taboo
the usurping and perversing of the role
Where are all the big sister x little brother incest chads
in the /scg/ thread. you're gonna need to make it though
My teens were spent jerking off listening to my sis getting banged
@brosis, were you around during the terra-nova anon and salma hayek-anon siscest threads?
No, deets?
I know that is is just supposed to be some time travel paradox, but the real takeaway should be that it is actually possible to recreate something very similar to your own conception with the same woman that gave birth to you.
There are two ways a woman can give a man everything. One is by giving birth to him and the other is when she wants to have his children. Of course normally, these roles are meant for two completely different women, one is your mother and the other is your wife.
When you make love to your mother, hear her moan, pound her relentlessly and then cum inside her, you're feeling something few man have ever felt. She's giving you more than any other woman ever could and more than most mothers ever would.
It's like feeling the love a mother has for her son and the love a woman has for her man at the same time, feeling her motherly embrace but also her lust as a woman. You're seeing a moment very similar to the one that made you, perhaps even more passionate.
Words can't properly describe what it must feel like to fill your own mother with your seed, that which is meant to one day father your future children, yet here you are, pumping it as deep as possible inside the one woman who is not meant to ever share a moment like this with you.
terry nova-anon was around new years, talked about seeing his nerdy thicc sis naked once and realizing he'd been jerking off for many years to a pornstar who closely resembled her. Commenced seducing attempts and in about 2 weeks banged her. Got called a creepy rapist and never returned to update...(
Salma hayek-anon posted about having very close relationship, being extremely touchy/kissy/gropey with each other and suspecting sis is open to more. Planned a euro-vacation for around March with her and expected it's gonna happen then. Got a lot of advice in a few threads he made and looked like a sure thing. Never came back to report on what eventually happened though...(
Absolutely stunning. I was kind of breathless just looking at her. When she bent over and I could see that slightly darker little asshole peeking at me, I wanted to cum there and then.
It's honestly intoxicating. It's a feeling of superiority and triumph and like you are on top and in charge. It's just incredible knowing you turned your mom into a woman lusting for dick and she is willing to give up that spot "in charge" just so she can have you inside.
When she bent over and I could see that slightly darker little asshole peeking
Too bad you didn't take a pic to AI....
turned your mom into a woman lusting for dick and she is willing to give up that spot "in charge" just so she can have you inside.
very well said, success bro. 
must be absolutely mindblowing experiencing that
Trust me there are a few of us here but there is no general. Some people call me anal-bro, I'm the one who had a shitty childhood with my sis and that turned into us fucking. I just don't want to take up bumps for this thread. I read the momcest as a proxy to what me and my sis are doing I guess.
I wonder what that feels like from the mom's perspective. 
Would be kinda interesting to find out.... maybe one day
@auntfem-anon
That's a huge no. Like an end to it all instantly kind of deal breaker. She has already said absolutely zero pictures or videos because she wants no chance of family ever seeing it.
It's hard to put into words. It's like total control and taking over the top position but at the same time very loving because I didn't force her to do it she did it willingly to be closer and do things a mom and son never should. I really can't express it well.
I'd love to know what a mom thinks of that.
I definitely wouldn't mind reading some older sis (5+yrs) siscest stories in this thread. Sadly, no such anons ever stopped by...
The closest was cous-anon, who was tryna bang his 2+yrs older cousin and was updating here for a while. 
Got to the point of mouth kissing her and acknowleding they're dating. Dissapeared afterwards. It got too personal to share, I guess...
Also, there was a thread where a sis stopped by and shared a story about being jealous of brother's wife, taking advantage of drunk bro and impregnating herself on his cock. Got caught in the act by the wife and the family disowned her. 
Brother didn't and got persuaded by sis to continue banging during pregnancy and after having the baby. Not the happiest of stories though..
and taking over the top position but at the same time very loving because I didn't force he
it's like her willingly admitting thatthe motherhood is just a role she can step in or out of and her removing that mask, to admit that ultimately she's just a woman of flesh and blood who craves sex and ready to get used for just that. 
so.fucking.wrong. and hot.
My sis is 2 years younger so it doesn't fall under that unfortunately. We still see each other and fuck as often as possible but we are keeping it as subtle as possible because we both have partners.
I remember reading that one. I think it was the last mcg or the one before there was a sis posting who's story was uncannily similar to mine and my sisters. Some situations just create the environment for incest to flourish.
there was a sis posting who's story was uncannily similar to mine and my sisters
Yeah, she lurks here a lot, actually (brosis/nymphsis). You could talk to her more, it gets pretty slow usually when she shows up, also useful to keep the thread up.
Came here for momcest not this cringe, delete this
Better not let it die during slow hours, mommyfags
The mommy experience is awesome.
I'd say that's a pretty nice summary. It's the wrongness of her supposed to be a mother and guiding figure but instead she is on her knees struggling to suck with me grabbing her hair from behind and guiding her head down further. It really is like a drug. I am praying that she cleans for next time. Seeing that little asshole winking at me it driving me nuts.
Have one last bump before bed. I'm going to visit tomorrow because I finish work early so we will see what happens. My sister didn't reply if she can make it so I'm hoping it's just the two of us.
started doing nuzlocke to keep me occupied at work
I have a Mankey and his name is Stinke
I don't think so no. I was around when there was someone going by couch who was basically dating her brother and their parents, iirc, knew.
Wish I had that kind of relationship with my younger brothers sometimes. As is I just buy them stuff
He stayed the night Sunday. Almost got caught with him Monday morning. Otherwise, it was a fun weekend and we did the nasty across the house. Also found out he's curious about momcest stuff with his own mom (kind of)
I grab her hips and tear her asshole open with my cock. Mom won't walk straight for days.
Wish I had that kind of relationship with my younger brothers sometimes.
Have you considered seducing them?
Only as a sexual fantasy. I consider what I have with my older brother to be a serious relationship, I wouldn't sleep around. We didn't grow up together so I don't think it would be the same, anyway. The connection that comes from years of having each other's backs and struggling together isn't there
tfw no slutty big sis to love and worship after having her holes filled
You're seeing a moment very similar to the one that made you, perhaps even more passionate.
Amen.
Your brother is lucky to have a sister like you.
im the anon who asked for advice related to my aunt, not sure if anyone remembers me but i wanted to post an update after you guys helped me.
Helping my aunt plant trees in her yard
she gets tired real quick but i get everything done in a few hours
I shower and change into my gym clothes and suggest we share some wine i have.
i tried to play it like i had a date that didnt go anywhere and didnt want to waste it
she bitches about her shoulders hurting from working so i offer to massage them
she lets me but kind of has to teach me to do it better
feeling her shoulders, her back, her neck
kind of in heaven
my cock is rock hard through my sweats
she puts her feet on my legs and we watch the rookie
i massage them and her legs while she drills me about the failed date.
she gives me shit for trying to bring wine on the first date 
i start getting genuinely embarassed about my fake story and the criticisms im getting from her on how i date women
face feels like a furnace
she scoots her butt closer to me and wraps her arm around my shoulder so she can hold herself up and touch my face
she starts making fun of me for being flushed.
i wrap an arm around her so she doesnt fall over on the couch
i just hold her tight while she talks to me and gives me more shit
i didnt register a single word after that i just felt her bra against my fingers and she was so warm. I ended up staying the night because I got incredibly drunk after that because i was scared and very embarassed.
Slight success and failure at once. Next time find an excuse that doesn't force you to lie, trying to seduca a relatice is already nerve-racking as it is, you shouldn't make it harder for yourself.
Slight success and failure at once. Next time find an excuse that doesn't force you to lie, trying to seduca a relatice is already nerve-racking as it is, you shouldn't make it harder for yourself.
Yeah.. I am still very insecure from being a fat/weak guy most of my life so I really want to impress her and get her approval. My actual mom is sort of worthless, while my aunt is both hot and loving to me.
very cute anon. hope you and your aunt's relationship prosper.
go out for a drink with an older co-worker
Show her a few vacation photo's, joke about hiding my pics
"What type of pics anon?"
Out of no where conversation only about sex topics, about how her husband hasn't fugged her in 4 months, assuming I last a long time, how many times I do it
As it's getting to a point where we'd probably do something husband tells her he's on his way to pick her up
Leaves me hanging with "if we were single"
Gives me a long hug and goes home
Text her a couple of days after about how she's feeling and says "all's good", nothing else.
These threads make me want to throw a nade into our lives. I felt like if I had shown her a video/pic of my cock we'd have done something or if I had grab her harder during the hug.
I'll probably never have a MILF interested in me again
Imagine taking your mom as your wife
Gotta do my best to make up for all those years of being a burden on him and worrying him.
Dont you wana get back inside anon?
Wish I had that kind of relationship with my younger brothers
@nymphsis, you got some feels for younger bros too? I member us talking before and you mentioning you noticed one staring at you and fantasizing about teaching him a 'lesson'... Would you like to do some frenching with them and let them feel you up?
about how her husband hasn't fugged her in 4 months, assuming I last a long time, how many times I do it
She wants it bad, anon. So, so bad...
Go out for drinks again and it will happen
Also found out he's curious about momcest stuff with his own mom (kind of)
Gonna need a bit more details on how (and what) you found out, lovely auntfem
Very nice, anon. Thanks for coming back and updating. You're the anon from the last thread, right?
she bitches about her shoulders hurting from working
that's her initiating body contact, cuz she knew you'll offer the massage. very good sign
she puts her feet on my legs and we watch the rookie
again her initiating contact, quite intimate too
she gives me shit for trying to bring wine on the first date 
that was just some teasing, she was quite happy about you it failing
she scoots her butt closer to me and wraps her arm around my shoulder
again her initiating closer contact
she starts making fun of me for being flushed
more teasing
Anon, your aunt was signalling you a lot, could've easily made it happen right there and then. But sounds like you were more concerned about the fake story than flirting with her.
Please get bolder and flirtier with her next time. Talk about liking older women and her looking very beautiful. I'm sure she'll be quite happy to engage in that
Go out for drinks again and it will happen
Keep in mind there's a reason why I'm on /r9k/
Would a sending picture of me in gym clothes be too much you think? Or just keep it simple and ask her for a drink?
Curious if other's here have experience with sending images to their moms. It's worked a treat with me and fwb's
Would a sending picture of me in gym clothes be too much
yes, that would be too much if out of the blue
Or just keep it simple and ask her for a drink?
Yes, just ask her out again. If agrees, means she still wants it. 
Bring up you working out and show her some pics then. Tell her she looks great as well. Flirt. Suggest she comes over to watch a movie or smtng. Don't cockblock yourself and it will happen
Cheers. I've already complimented her but will obviously continue to flirt and show off a bit, I guess it's just moving it to a semi regular/not just whilst drinking basis
Don't be afraid to suggest you take the drinking to your/her place if it gets pretty heated.
Even if she declines, the fact you're down for it will definitely be in the back of her mind and eventualy she'll let you know once she's ready
Ok, I forgot to mention when drinking I told her that she's very attractive / a total babe but getting home that I'm down to fuck is something I need to bring across
and the criticisms im getting from her on how i date women
Aunt bro, that wasn't actual criticism, just some teasing.
Teasing is a huge part of women's flirting game. So take that as a positive sign actually
Also, don't ask her out for drinks out of the blue.
Maybe if you have some good interactions during the day and get a bit flirty. 
It needs to feel right, you know?
Gothmom anon again. 
Meeting mom tonight because I finish work early. Sis has said she will be there to so not expecting much.
so not expecting much
just a quick medical cum extraction perhaps
pls delete
Don't go expecting momcest every single day now, gothbro.. Keep it special
Has your sis ever suspected anything?
she bitches about her shoulders hurting from working
Looks like auntie's got her seduction plan out the door.
Don't even fret about flirting, just follow her lead and don't do anything too stupid......
Perhaps haha. I feel like a teenager again honestly. The moment she walks in the room my dick just stands up.
I'm not. She's actually been the one to initiate most so who knows. I'm not going to press every time because I don't want to come across as pushy and like that's all I want this for.
Not as far as I know. No one in the family has as far as I can tell. We are a very hungry family, always kiss each other on the cheek goodbye etc and that is all me and mom do around family. Some flirting if no one is in earshot but that's about it. We've taken risks but I don't think anyone ever caught on.
Anyway, gonna start work then going to my mom's straight after so I'll post later.
not going to press every time because I don't want to come across as pushy and like that's all I want this for.
That is the correct approach, yes
How often do boys fuck their drunk moms and big sisters?
Details on that discovery pls
Also, have you showered together/shared some shower loving yet? cuz you should..
Page9 on Tuesday? Sad.
Mom is on a leisure, hopefully i can lure her to the bedroom
Can someone link me to the legendary paintanon archive/greentexts? I've heard about them but never seen them
tfw my stepmom looks exactly like horizon from apex but with grey hair and i can't do nothing with her except masturbate to her voluptuous mature body
Pain.
The initial thread
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71614078/#q71619043
He came back next thread to answer questions and share pics
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71652739/#q71696317
Praise kek anon
attack time, a-m
My mom is a stripper. Ask me anything.
stepmom
That should honestly be the easiest of any milf to seduce.
Have you watched her strip?
What does she look like?
Do you feel jealous over your mom letting other men see her naked body?
Do you want her as something more than a mother?
and i can't do nothing with her except masturbate to her voluptuous mature body
I'm sure you can do more, stepmombro
yes
tall, about 5'10". Late thirties and fit. Some ab and shoulder definition. Long wavy platinum blonde hair that reaches her ass, very thick and mane-like. Grey-eyed. Huge tits. I mean HUGE. And natural. Not saggy, just full and heavy. Thin waist. Nice round heart shaped ass. Shapely legs. Classic hourglass figure. No cellulite. 
No, not really. I'm not the jealous type.
Well, we are lovers, but its not like a girlfriend, or a wife. The love I have for mom is physical, but that's just one aspect of our mother-son relationship.
Well, we are lovers
The love I have for mom is physical
Anon, pls take a seat and join us..... you want a coffee or anything?
Well, we are lovers,
We wanna hear your story, mombro. Tell us how it all came to be please
lmao thank you I would love a cup. Black, no sugar please.
tall, about 5'10". Late thirties and fit. Some ab and shoulder definition. Long wavy platinum blonde hair that reaches her ass, very thick and mane-like. Grey-eyed. Huge tits. I mean HUGE. And natural. Not saggy, just full and heavy. Thin waist. Nice round heart shaped ass. Shapely legs. Classic hourglass figure. No cellulite.
Anon, that is the description of extremely hot woman. A genetic wonder.... 
And you're saying you get to enjoy that? Physically?
Went to a living room and realized she was alone there lying on her side. I buzzed around and ended up lying my head on her hip and touching her ass with my free hand, just drawing lines with my finger gently, not even shying away from going on her crack and further down toward her pussy. Touched that no-go zone a few times. She has a runny nose but im pretty sure she was breathing way too heavy during the whole thing and really struggled.
she was breathing way too heavy during the whole thing and really struggled.
elaborate? you mean it looked like she got quite aroused? what do you mean by "struggled"?
also, describe better the position you two were in?
what happened afterwards? just got up and left?
It's a long one, but I'll do my best to condense it. 
Mom was born the youngest of seven kids in a trailer trash family. Both parents worked and had little time to mind the kids. Instead of being a slut or a meth addict like her siblings, mom made pretty good grades and was decently popular. Helps having inexplicably perfect genes, I guess.
Dad was a biker and gave no fucks. He managed to seduce mom when none of the jocks and preps could. Got her pregnant when she was 15 and left her with only an envelope of cash. 
She gave birth to me when she was 16. Granma and granpa were not interested in raising another child, not with so much else to handle in a family of troublemakers. Mom had to leave. 
She couch surfs until an older friend agrees to split rent on a shitty apartment.
The money dad left has dried up. Mom needs a job. She has no skills, no HS diploma, but she's hot as fuck and a natural dancer. 
This shady mob ran strip club doesn't give a fuck about her age, they want her there. They're offering more money per hour than she could ever get waiting tables, so she takes it. 
The life of a stripper can be glamorous, and mom is young and impressionable, but she isn't stupid. 
Makes fast friends with the other girls.
Management likes her, too. Guess it's natural charisma and a huge pair of cans. 
I grow up with strippers for babysitters. I hang out in the club before it opens, doing homework and watching the girls practice routines. 
Mom earns enough to move us into a house. It's a little run down, but she owns it, and it's ours. 
Around this time, when I'm about five and old enough to be left alone in my room, mom starts to date guys, occasionally taking them home. Sometimes inviting them to live with her. 
More to come...
Struggled to breathe i mean, constantly taking deep breaths.
She was lying on her side with her back facing the couch rest. I approached her from below and just ended in an awkward position resting my head on her hip, facing the same direction as her ass. There wasnt much we could do since a relative couldve ended up in a living room at any moment but both of us felt kinda down and sleepy, that was just a little cuddle session i guess.
More to come...
take your time, stripmom-bro
constantly taking deep breaths
but do you also mean she got aroused?
Yeah thats what i would guess
very nice, a-m... and encouraging if she didnt stop it
Touched that no-go zone a few times
so, you basically... rubbed her pussy over her clothes a little bit? is that accurate?
Yeah, not exactly rubbed, did touch and came dangerously close between thighs though
I fucking love these little incidents you two get into. 
Get mommy horny and in the mood for more
Its hard to describe how scary it is going that deep. I basically freeze completely and just let that one body part do the work. The kind of feeling when you wanna move through the house in the middle of the night and try to do the smallest things as carefully as possible. Add to that her heavy breathing and it felt like i was about to lose my mind.
I do! Maybe less than when I was a teenager. She isn't the only girl I fuck on a regular basis. Ever since we had "The Talk" she's encouraged me to get out there and date girls closer to my own age, but we just can't stay far from each other. Anyway, on with the story...
Mom dates mostly older guys. Handy ones who are skilled at home maintenance and repair. I wouldn't say she was explicitly using them-- they were handsome guys who could scratch that itch-- but our shitty old house was fixed up and rennovated for next to nothing. 
Hearing, or even seeing mom have sex with one or multiple men and/or women was growing increasingly common. I didn't really process it much, just adults doing adult things. Naked wrestling. It wasn't ever traumatizing the way you'd expect. 
End of Part 2. Still more to come...
with one or multiple men and/or women
oh boy...
Part 3
I guess a big reason why mom was growing into a hedonist was the influence of Aunt Sadie, a red-headed matron in her 40's who bridged the gap between stripping and burlesque dancing. 
In fact, if it wasn't for her, I doubt mom and I would ever have a physical relationship.
Aunt Sadie was obsessed with me. Thought I was the cutest, handsomist, most adorable, etc.
Always offering to look after me while mom went on dates. 
Sometimes she hosted orgies at her house. I think I went to a few as a kid, but it's hard to say. Most of the action probably happened after I had gone to bed. 
It was aunt sadie who showed me my first porno. She taught me about sex before most kids my age knew anything about it. 
She wasn't bad looking. Very curvy, charming lady, but she had crazy eyes and a gaudy taste in fashion. She spoiled me so I didn't mind her much. 
She was definitely trying to groom me, but she was pretty open about it with mom. 
"Anon's gonna be a heart breaker in a few years! Isn't he just the most perfect little man?" 
"Isn't he growing up nicely! If you don't watch out I'm gonna eat him up!"
"I let anon go skinny dipping in the pool yesterday. Have you seen how big he is? Imagine what it'll be like when he's older!"
Casual nudity was pretty common at our house, and Aunt Sadie's. She had a nice backyard pool and encouraged me to swim naked. She and mom wore suits usually, but not always. 
Sadie's sultry innuendo puts a few ideas in mom's mind. Rather than allow the older redheaded MILF to groom me, mom decided she could do it even better. 
I think they had an understanding. They didn't hide anything from each other, and stayed good friends throughout my adolescence. 
They could have been lovers but I never saw it. They did kiss and hold hands on occasion, though.
hard to describe how scary
I bet.. but also addictively exciting, right? 
Looks like cuddle-anon can't handle it as well
So you were groomed but everyone takes it differently
Sometimes she hosted orgies at her house. I think I went to a few as a kid
goddamm bro... they really gave you no chance
Rather than allow the older redheaded MILF to groom me, mom decided she could do it even better.
Now THAT's a good mom right there.
Exciting is an understatement
t. a guy who came after the realization he was close to fingering his mom
They did kiss and hold hands on occasion, though
strippers, orgies, lesbians and incest?? what kind of depraved heaven were you growing up in?!?!
Part 4
I'm 10 years old. Mom gives me some porn mags and dvds, some lotion, and a box of tissues. Tells me if I make good grades and do as she says she'll make sure to keep me supplied with plenty of wank material. 
Using a dildo to demonstrate, she shows me how to properly pleasure myself and take care of my dick. 
Puberty hit me pretty early. I was growing like a weed and popping boners constantly. 
It was around this time I was growing physically attracted to my mother. She would be wearing just a robe and I'd get hard and she'd tease me about it.
"Anon, why don't you take care of that? Then you can do your homework and I'll fix supper."
She fed me healthy food. Packed my lunch. Made me exorcise. Tracked my growth and development.
Mom was a fitness fanatic. Good genes only go so far, so she stayed in fantastic shape all her adult life. We even had a home gym.
That's it for now. More to come later.
fuck man... imagine being 10 and having an 26yr old amazonian goddess of a mom walking around in a robe and showing off her giant tits
That's it for now. More to come later.
Thanks for sharing, mombro. Come back asap. Need moaaarrr
Made me exorcise
Even taught spiritual warfare and driving out demons. Amazing...
@confession anon, any news? tried anything last night?
@errands bro, how was last night? explored mommy a bit more?
pretty sure this retard blew it. she was waiting for him to make some sort of move, obviously not peel her panties there and then but something to push her over the edge and into the refreshing waters of cheating. FOUR MONTHS? shes either lying to convince you EVEN more into making a move or its true and she her vagina is doing the talking as the mouth downs another drink. you blew it faggot. you should have said something along the lines of, "you know my doors always open, and not just at work." "your mind says if only, but if your body says something different my body is listening. listening closely." and then hug her. you robot niggers are retarded. no wonder you're all sad virgin ugly faggots. you can't even tap in to your sexuality much less enjoy it.
he's already kinda low self-confidence, anon. no need to add to it. let him learn from mistakes and try again. it's not like we're a bunch of gigachads here either..
Gothbro, here's smtn to try out with mommy
https://i.4cdn.org/gif/1683017407880116.webm
kill yourself faggot 
in minecraft
A-m, how close are you to this?
I've had fantasies about it but that's it. Stuff like taking both my younger brothers at once. Letting the one with the crush feel me up seems hot too
taking both my younger brothers at once
moar details
I like the fantasy of letting them dp me or being made to blow them both at once
very hot, brosis... 
and what's the age gap with those two?
my mom used to touch me inappropriately and do some other things that crossed the line, and it messed me up but I also still want a mommy gf to take care of me
A little over 10 years. They're legal
A little over 10 years
very nice, close to auntcest territory
being made to blow them both at once
you wanna get dommed and subjected to some abuse by your younger bros?
touch me inappropriately and do some other things that crossed the line
Details, anon!
I am, at my core, a submissive. Would not mind at all being used like a toy by them if I were single.
Not close, already can do/did that
imagine having a sis with such thoughts abt you and not even being aware... probably a lot of moms/aunts like that out there too
already can do/did that
that's.... very advanced. deff beyond normal. way, way beyond.
I wouldn't be surprised if there are plenty of people like that at all
if you are talking about the start of that gif, never exactly forced 2 fingers in her crack but that grab definitely happened quite a few times (maybe slightly less aggressive)
Why both at the same time, though? would that feel more like being a helpless toy?
no, I meant the super aggresive squeezing. peak squeeze and grope. the kind only passionate couples do. and your mom allows that...
That's part of it. I also kind of like the idea of them both cumming at once and having no way to ever figure out whose baby it is.
Yeah, i think i already mentioned a bunch of times that she lets me do pretty much anything when it comes to butt stuff. Hell, i regularly sneak my hand under her dress and feel her naked cheeks. Did that once while she was on the ladder picking some berries.
Gothmom update. Only a little one this time
I would love to be in her ass again. It's a shame she hadn't cleaned when I saw her or I would have gone for it. I remember it being a lot of work to loosen her up and she always struggled to take the whole thing. I'm hoping she is still as tight.
Update:
went for a visit to mom's 
sis could make it so she was there too
obviously can't get up to much with family around
when sis went to the toilet we had a quick makeout and I got to cup her boobs 
I was sat on the sofa with mom while sis was on the recliner so I got a couple of squeezes in of her ass too
the biggest highlight was mom standing up to make coffee. She stood in front of me with her pants hanging low so I got a good look at her wearing the red thong I bought her.
she made a show of wiggling her ass and pulling her pants up
she winked at me as she turned and walked into the kitchen.
sis went in to help her so I couldn't follow up (which pissed me off)
I had to leave first so nothing happened. Just a little kiss on the cheek and a hug goodbye. It looks like our schedules line up so we can meet Thursday but not likely. It's most likely weekend that we will meet.
no way to ever figure out whose baby it is
some impregnation fetishes too, huh
I think your mommy is ready for more, a-m... a lot more
remember it being a lot of work to loosen her up
What puzzles me is that you never mentioned lube in your butt stories. You were using it, right?
I dont think she's ready but she will let me
god i love this. it's like spitting on all that is holy
wearing the red thong I bought her
pretty hot and erotic with your sis there, gothmom bro
but she will let me
with no regrets afterwards, hopefully
She had a bunch of time to regret us 2 fooling around but she consistently shows zero resentment towards my inappropriate "moves"
Well, I'm at the age where my biological clock is screaming at me to have a family. Hopefully next date night is fruitful. Two days before Mother's Day which is fitting if I end up pregnant from it.
we talked about his in last thread, i think 
she might enjoy a lot the borderline affection and feeling sexually validated discretly by a young guy.
but going all the way might still be very far removed from her mind as a real possibility
if you ask 'ok how do i find out then?' the answer is - the boner. acknowledging the boner and not pulling back.
Could you explain a bit how the "baby fever" feels like? what kind of thoughts/feelings do you get? 
Does it feel like a biological crave/physical need? or it's more psychological/emotional?
The first time it was definately saliva because she had me eat her out. I can't really remember how many times we used saliva but we eventually switched to using lube I just didn't want to go into painstaking detail. No lube was a lot more difficult. Took a long time for things to loosen and go smoothly. Even with lube she had a tough time. It was uncomfortable for her but once we had gone slow she really got into it if memory serves right.
I was thinking the same thing. It seems she still has that slurry side to her, not that I'm complaining. I'll have to see if she wore it expecting more. I'm still annoyed my sister went to help her.
I'd say psychological. The last few years, I get really emotional about babies all the time, and my lack of one. I want to feel my son or daughter growing in me and then give them the kind of childhood I didn't get, where your interests are nurtured and you always know home is safe and mom loves you more than anything.
Even with lube she had a tough time
sacrificing and suffering for that son love... what a mommy
cumming at once and having no way to ever figure out whose baby it is
dang, brosis.. you're going double v in your fantasies? that's one well stretched vagina...
This sounds like it makes sense.. on paper. But given the context it seems impossible. Enjoying sexual validation and borderline sexual physical affection from a young guy that happens to be her biological son but simultaneously, sex never crossed her mind? Just doesnt seem like something that could happen in reality. I want to hear everybody's opinion.
sex never crossed her mind
as a fantasy only, not as a real impending possibility. 
is she laying there fantasizing about you suddently sticking it in and ravaging her? very likely. does she expect it might actually happen? less likely
My fantasies get pretty out there. Lots of consensual sibling gangbang stuff, but then there's also a lot of dad/daughter (often nonconsensual) and ryona in there too. I just like fucked up stuff.
a lot of dad/daughter (often nonconsensual)
hope that's not based on true stories? (
I don't know how to be delicate about it so yeah, it's based on personal experience. Probably part of why I have such a crazy sex drive as an adult.
as a fantasy only
well, not only, but *mostly
I mean, nobody really expects mom/son sex in most circumstances because how out there that is but she isnt actively trying to set any boundaries either yet i keep pushing them. Who knows.
sorry to hear, brosis...
Probably part of why I have such a crazy sex drive as an adult.
hmm, but one would expect that such experiences traumatize and ruin a sex drive, not serve as future fantasy material?
please explain? is that a coping mechanism? reliving it in controlled scenarios?
Well, it certainly turned out pretty good for me. I don't think I would want it to be any other way. 
No chance to have a normal life? No, not really. 
I agree!
I'd argue these sorts of things happen more often than anyone thinks, it's just that most people are never a witness to it. Once you're "one of those people", these situations start to gravitate towards you. 
After I started looking at mom sexually, I started doing the same to a lot of other people. I noticed my friends' moms rarely "moved the needle" the way mine did. Though, to her credit, mom was probably showing off on purpose, at least half the time. She's a woman who can make a potato sack look good. 
Glad you're responding to positively, anon! I appreciate all the support!
lmao that's one typo I always make.
Part 5 
So I'm running, swimming, doing yoga, and lifting weights all week. I'm eating a healthy diet and getting plenty of sleep. 
My libido spikes. I'm jacking off more than five times a day. My loads are getting big and watery. 
My dick is getting bigger, too. I start tracking my growth in a journal. 
I'm making good grades and mom is rewarding me with hand selected porn, a cock sleeve, and different types of lube and lotion. 
I think about sex constantly. I fantasize about fucking some of my teachers, and a few of my classmates who were developing early. 
But I'm fucking terrified of making moves. Mom says kids my age don't normally date anyone. She tells me in a couple years I can probably ask these girls out, but until they're ready I have to settle with self pleasure.
Being friends with girls can be pretty cool, even if some of them are annoying. Being around half naked and nude strippers almost every day makes studying with regular girls my own age less intimidating. It's easier to just talk to them and not be weird about it.
is that a coping mechanism? reliving it in controlled scenarios?
Basically. Depending on the person you can end up either suppressing your sexuality or overindulging in it. I spent a long time covering myself in baggy clothes in public and then going home to chain masturbate for hours to hentai.
but she isnt actively trying to set any boundaries either
I admit thats also a good point, a-m. 
She could've taken some measures to assure that doesn't happen, and yet she hasn't... hmm..
Or did he kinda break you in and got you to enjoy abuse? and turned you into a submissive nympho?
I did think about those possibilities you presented but it just doesnt add up. Lying besides me on the bed, then proceed to stay motionless while her sons hand slowly makes its way under her underwear and towards her butthole... And then she lets him spread her leg out?? There's just no way sex wasn't in picture, in her mind.
Part 6
A couple years pass. 
I'm now as tall as mom and only twelve years old.
Mom is dating fewer men for longer periods. She still has relations with her coworkers regularly, and occasionally brings them to bed with her current boyfriend. 
No more orgies
I'm spending more "quality time" with the surrogate father of the semester. 
One guy was a carpenter. Some afternoons I'd help him install cabinets and countertops. Mostly finishing work. Occasionally we'd make some outdoor furniture made to match a deck. 
Another guy was a mechanic. He'd come by to tune up mom's car and I'm there with the flashlight, handing him wrenches and sockets. 
One was a coach at a high school in the next town over. I learned football, baseball, and basketball, and developed a healthy appreciation for pickup games. 
Still not much of a sports guy, but it's one of those things that makes you inherently attractive to girls. Mom insisted on it. 
Same goes for the musician. Learning guitar was another part of her quest to make me into some kind of super stud. 
Groomed to be her perfect little man
She all but admitted to reciprocating my attraction to her, but she insisted that a barrier should remain between us. 
"You need to grow up a little more, sweety. You're awfully young to be having sex. Remember, I didn't get my v-card punched until I was fifteen." 
Okay. I'd spend all my free time beating off if I could, but mom also dictated a social calendar, and kept tabs on my classmates' parents, always setting up play dates like I was some sort of toddler. 
Except I actually had fun with these kids most the time, even if none of them were sex crazed like me. 
Every other weekend we're swimming over at Aunt Sadie's house, except now I wear swimming trunks for formality's sake. I discard them before I dive in, leaving them dry on a chair. 
There's also a hot tub. A pretty big one. 
I'm doing some laps while mom and Sadie are in the tub, chatting.
I don't really wanna get too into my own psyche on it. I have theories but I'm not an expert on any of that stuff. But I think there's some merit to the "reliving it in a safe way" stuff with that kind of thing. It seems to be a relatively common coping mechanism.
You did mention in the past she finds you attractive and calls you her tarzan kek... 
Would she wanna go all the way with such a guy? esp if dead bedroom? a real possibility to consider, yes...
Yeah sorry, I kinda started prying a bit too much
Sorry if it made you uncomfortable, not the most pleasant thing to talk about..
I've more or less come to terms with it, I just don't want to go deep into all that stuff. It did make me closer to my brother, though. Always there trying to protect me. Probably why I just function better overall when he's around.
mom is rewarding me with hand selected porn, a cock sleeve, and different types of lube and lotion.
groomed to perfection. what a mommy
Part 7
I hop out of the pool to join them, my cock deflated and my balls shrunken. 
Dipping into the tub, feeling the hot bubbling water envelop my naked body, and being in the presence of two busty MILFs in an equally natural state, I immediately get hard. 
I hope they don't notice, but my blushing probably gave me away. 
Of course Aunt Sadie has to say something. 
"Anon! Why aren't you always this excited to see me?"
I'm too embarrassed to even apologize. When the vivacious, curvy redhead saddled up next to me, put her arm around my neck, and pulled my torso into her soft, plump, floating bosom, I almost explode. 
"Sade, you're gonna give my son a heart attack. Why don't we send him back in the pool so he can cool off?" 
"Awww, why? Aren't you enjoying hanging out with us girls, anon?" 
Sadie put both arms around me and smothered my face with her massive tits. She was even bigger than mom, but didn't quite have the same taut, youthful shape. Still, you have to appreciate such a bountiful bosom. 
Then she straddles my lap and traps my cock between our stomachs. 
My whole body is on fire, like a fever. 
I could climax at any second. 
"Sade, c'mon. Let the kid breath." 
A persuasive hand on the shoulder made Aunt Sadie back off, but not before planting a huge kiss on my lips. 
This was the lightest of foreplay, but my dick was hard enough to cut diamonds. 
"Fuck, that thing is getting big," mom muttered.
"See, I told you! If you wait too long I won't be able to hold back much longer!" 
"Alright, that's enough. Anon, go swim another lap. We can't have you making a mess in Aunt Sadie's hot tub." 
Of course I obeyed. I know it's best to do what mom wants. The rewards are always worth it!
When we get home mom grabs my hand and brings me into the master bedroom. 
She takes off both our clothes, and kisses me right on the lips. 
I'm rock hard in an instant. 
"C'mon, let's take a bath. Wash off that chlorine..."
but not before planting a huge kiss on my lips.
grooming pedo amazonian goddesses craving boy cock.... peak childhood fanstasies
What would you tell someone reading that and starting to think "that sounds too good to be true"?
Part 8 
The master bath in our house has this huge tiled shower stall with a multi headed faucet. 
She gets the water piping hot. 
Mom pulls me in with her. Remember, I'm just as tall as her now. 
We look right into each other's eyes. They're almost the same. Same color, very similar shape. 
We have the same pale blonde hair color. Same tanned skin, too. 
For several minutes we hold each other and kiss. Gentle and tender. The same sort of kiss mom gave me on the lips at least twice a day, only it's lasting so much longer. 
She holds my head and I invite her tongue into my mouth. I get my first education in proper romantic kissing. 
She pauses every now and then to steady her heavy breathing. 
My long hard cock brushes against my mom's pelvis and thigh from time to time. She doesn't shy from it. 
She holds me tight and gently humps me against the wall. 
Her massive jugs crush against my chest as she leans her body weight into me. 
My dick is sandwiched between our abs while I instinctively buck my hips in time with her movements. 
In less than a minute I explode. 
Gasping and moaning, rope after rope of runny spooge splatters between our bodies and leaks down our legs, running into the drain along with all the water. 
But I'm still hard. 
Mom suds up her body while I just watch, slowing jerking my pole. 
While I sit on the shower stool, she straddles my lap and traps my fat cock between her cheeks. 
She rubs the suds on her tits and waist and hips and legs over my body, like a slippery sponge. 
We make out and wet hump for a while longer. Occasionally she leans back so I can suck and fondle her fat fucking tits. 
Perfect pink nipples like eraser nubs. 
She moans and whispers my name while I burry my face in tiddy. 
Somehow we make it out of the shower without fucking. The whole memory is hazy. 
Now clean and toweled dry, she leads me over to her freshly made bed.
Remember, I'm just as tall as her now
you were 5'10 at 12?
What would you tell someone reading that and starting to think "that sounds too good to be true"?
It is for you. It isn't for me. 
Yes. I started puberty at 10. I was just over 6' when I was 14. Now as a full grown adult I'm 6'4". 
Part 9
Mom spreads her legs. 
Then she spreads her pussy. A soft clean cleft opens to reveal beautiful pink petals and a tiny little hole at the bottom. 
She's sopping wet. I'm rock hard. 
Mom grabs my cock and guides me in. 
Like flying naked in a warm ocean. 
Wrapped and hugged by fleshy velvet walls. 
I go balls deep into my mom's hot tight pussy. After just a few thrusts I explode inside her. 
She pats my back and tells me what a good boy I am. 
Encourages me to keep going. Says I feel good inside her. 
"Fuck mommy's pussy, fuck mommy's pussy" softly and sweetly in my ear. 
We only did missionary, and I didn't last very long, but I humped and thrusted my furious dick in and out like an animal. 
I even managed to make her cum a couple times, but it took much longer for her to climax than myself.
Still, mom is super sensitive. Pushing her buttons and turning her nobs produces immediate results. 
I couldn't have lasted more than an hour. I slept in her arms all night, until about 2am. 
I woke up with a ravenous libido and we made love once again. Wordlessly, instinctively, we fucked until there was nothing left inside me. 
And that's the story of how it started. A lot of other things happened after that, but once we had our first time together we never stopped.
Extremely hot if true, anon.
Some may find your age objectionable though..
Kind of a brain-melting experience at that age, wouldn't you say?
I was honestly surprised and I'dsay that'spretty accurate. She always told me she wanted me to experience everythingand to tell her what I liked most. She would wince a lot and take sharp intakes of breath but once she was loosened she would moan just as much as if I fucked her in the pussy. She came a few times from anal but that was rare, she normally had to finger herself too.
The fact she didn't say no on the weekend, just that she hadn't cleaned it, has me hopeful she will be open to anal again soon.
Did did you get to fuck Aunt Sadie too, ultimately?
has me hopeful she will be open to anal again soon
i have zero doubts about that. she'll probably be all prepared next time you meet
You got any (redacted) pics of her you might be comfortable with sharing, stripmom-anon?
Possibly. Probably? You could say I was addicted to sex from an early age. I like to think I worked it out of my system early, and did it in a safe and loving environment. My drive never ruined my life, just made it so sex was a huge motivating factor in my ambitions.
Better make sure you're all stocked up on quality water-based lube, gothmom bro...
This fake scenario reads like one of the stories off the Literotica
I did! And some of the other dancers at the club, too. 
No, I'm afraid I respect our privacy too much to share any pictures.
But... one would be inclined to ask, why did they groom you at such young age? That's quite... bizzare. It's not like they were lacking any?
A little benefit of the doubt, anon. Are there strippers with kids, that grow up in fucked up environments and experience things most of us could never imagine? I would think so.
It really is brain melting. There is no doubt in my mind that my dopamine receptors got fried by my mom. I think it would be the same for anyone and shape your fetishishs. If it wasn't my mom but some milf, I have no doubt I would be ridiculously turned on by older women. In my case it just happened to be my mom that gave me that mind numbing experience. I have tried but there is literally no going back.
That's what I'm counting on. My mom is a very hygienic lady so even a chance if any dort like that will make it a no go. It's why I was so comfortable doing butt stuff with her, I knew there was no chance of any accidents.
Good point. I'll have to buy some tomorrow just in case.
My mom is a very hygienic lady
That should tell you once more how much she really loves you. 
It takes a lot of determination for hygienic people to get over the reluctance to engage in butt stuff
@errands bro, please talk to us
eurobros off to sleep
better keep it bumped
Update bros, not like this...
So AI has already solved its problems with hands
Not really, look at the hand on her chest. She has one finger sprouting from another. Couple of the fingers on the other hand look a bit weird at the tips too.
Anyone fucked his mommy today?
I did!
Greentext that auntie Sandie incident too pls
In my dreams, at least 3 times a week. In real life, unfortunately not.
How about you elaborate on all those incidents you mentioned?
nymphsis, your height and hair color?
@stepmommy, are you still around? any news?
Tabuporns is kill. I need another alternative right fucking now!
inb4 Incestflix
Incestflix doesn't count. I need HD at minimum.
What you need is go give your mommy a tight hug and tell you love her
Okay, sure thing! 
Aunt Sadie isn't my real aunt, just to be clear. 
She was my mom's coworker. They did a lot of routines together as the most stacked girls in the club's stable. 
Despite being fit and healthy, she was still a very curvy woman and had an even more exaggerated figure than my mom. Not fat, not even chubby, just a little more "extra" all around. 
She was a head shorter than mom, had short red hair, and vibrant brown eyes. 
About a year after mom and I began our sexual relationship, I stayed at Sadie's house one night while mom went out clubbing with some of her friends. 
I did some skinny dipping as usual while she watched from the hot tub. 
Despite the cold water I was already hard when I approached her at the tub. 
This time mom wasn't around to stop us. 
I like to think they had this arranged ahead of time. Mom knew what was going to happen. 
She laid back and opened her arms for me. We kissed as we embraced, then I fondled her tits while she gasped and sighed. 
Gripping my rod, I was able to put it in place after plenty of practice with mom. Sadie wasn't as tight, but still snug and warm. 
Without any hesitation we started bumping pelvises and splashing in the hot bubbling water. 
Instead of cumming inside her, I pulled out, stood up, and sprayed a several heavy ropes of jism over her face and her tits. 
Still hard, I slid my cock between her cum basted fun bags while she squeezed them around my shaft. I fucked her tits till I came again, until her whole chest was dripping with white gunk. 
From there we moved onto the deck where I ate and fingered her pussy till she had an orgasm and squirted in my face. 
Then I laid on my back while she straddled my rod and rode cowgirl, giving me full access to her wonderful tits while she bounced up and down on my cock towards a second climax. 
After that we made out in the outdoor shower, washing off all our fluids and groping each other's naked bodies. 
Then she cooked me dinner.
