Recommend me a job where you can be mostly alone. I have no tolerance for social interactions these days it's making me go insane. This group project is making me seeth so bad, fuckers keep blowing up the chat it's making me want to throw my phone in a lake.
Onlyfans model.
Consider the following closly anon
 Front Desk Receptionist At An Office
Or
 Dunkin' Donuts Cashier
Late night shift security at an apartment complex or something. There's this one security guard I see whenever I go to 7/11 past midnight and all I ever see him doing is sleeping or playing mobile games
all I ever see him doing is sleeping or playing mobile game
Sounds nice
Security guard who is also a recepcionist. I've worked at quite a few offices and I've always envied them. Sure you have to work 24 hours. But most employers are usually fine with you watching movies even playing video games if you bring a laptop as long as the few people who come in asking which office is where are instructed properly (like 4-5 couple sentence interactions a day).
The pay is not extraordinary. But if you have some skills you can freelance with, you can get basically paid an hourly wage to do that on the top of it.
And no. You don't have to protect anything with your life. You don't even have a gun. Your job is quite literally to spend the time there. Help whoever has no idea where they are. And call the cops to help if anything funny happens at night.
The only ones I can think of that pay better than shit all are the aforementioned security gigs and trucking - and obviously that comes with the caveat that you have to be a good driver, get licensed, and a whole mess of drawbacks and risks, but you do get to make decent money while mostly not having to deal with others. I can tell in that when I worked at a beer warehouse, there was exactly one out of a stable of like 6 truck drivers I would encounter who wasn't a weird, unpleasant autist.
Overnight security is such a meme, every single application I've seen of them you have to have previous law enforcement experience
I've worked in a screen printing factory. It's not "alone" work but its chill work on your own that is far from being physically tiring, althought a bit repetitive. Not paid well.
Dont you get bored of doing nothing on the job, anon? What do you do to pass the time?
road kill cleanup if thats a thing where you live. 
train or truck driver.
what would be really cool is some office basement archive gig where you sort out papers nobody is going to care about but i dont know how to look for jobs like that.
