Why don't you work on your badboy image so you can get your foot in the door and eventually express your quirky side?
i can't do that and work in a office setting at the same time.
The pic related never happens orgn.
Pick me vibes
How to develop that inner bad boy and have sex appeal
But I'm not a badboy I'm a dorky sweet weird person. I'm just gonna find a girl who accepts me for who I am from the start.
have no idea what they define as bad boy. must be scary looking chadface because i was the worst boy in junior high and girls treated me like a leper.
I really hope there is a future where women arent completely retarded but Im not expecting much.
"Bad boy" approximately translates to "Chad looks but (pick one) a) is a small-time cocaine dealer b) explosive violent outbursts but in like a totally sexy protective way c) definitely cheating on her but all moody and tortured about sex addiction or some horseshit".
Being hot is still a prerequisite, in short.
I refuse to be someone I'm not. I want to be kind, compassionate and joyful. I want to have the spirit of love of Jesus Christ and His healing personality.
Why can't opposite males exist?
I s2g all I want is a soft shy boy that's normally sweet to me but aggressive behind closed doors. Why is God doing this to me. Why do I have to live like this
literally why some girls call incels and losers the devils spawn, they had guys like that and unless hes attractive its just icky
Obviously I want to be attracted to him but every time I've tried thus far he turns out to be just as soft and shy and beta-esque behind closed doors. It's so frustrating. I once ended up alone with this soft sweet boy and told him "do whatever you want" and he looked at me with abject horror and stuttered and said "what am I supposed to do" like?? Oh my God. It's such an ego destroyer. Why even fucking live
Because it's hard. What's she's describing is basically mang0's persona. Boisterous and excitable, hard partier that socially drinks, but also wicked competent and far better than other men. It means being a champion, just a little bit arrogant about it, and making it look effortless.
sounds like a you problem, why don't you fuck some dominant chad then
You're the person behind those closed doors. What you're asking for is a complete paradox. What you mean to say is that they are a badass in the open world and is able to kick ass and get recognized, all while coming home and being a codependent soft boy that's entirely under your control. (Including knowing when in your cycle you want him to invert his at-home persona so you can lie back and be aggressively railed, but only when you want it).
Same as any other X but also Y that comes from women. They want it all, and they want to to happen only at certain times or in certain contexts, which are always in flux due to their hormonal states.
why don't you just date some 50iq nigger who will beat you senseless and rape you then dumbshit
Fascinating observation.
Once again, let's not ever get any more specific about these statistics and just blame ambiguous "males". Because if you look at nearly any crime statistic ever produced you find that you're about as likely to get killed by a badger as you are to get raped or killed by a white male.
You just described 90% of hot gook men
Please understand that this is the exact social dynamic that is happening. These boys will do whatever you ask, so long as you're specific with what you ask, provide direct consent for the action, and inform them that you'll say if it's too much. Easiest way to build up to this dynamic is to establish a "free use" clause in your relationship. If you preload consent allowing him to touch you whenever and however he wants, then go around the house wearing skirts its only a matter of time before he lifts it up and has his way out of the blue. Allows him to be sexually aggressive while maintaining consent or getting physically abusive.
Literally just communicate and say what you mean.
that's literally me. also i can't talk to a girl for 10 minutes without making some weird inappropriate joke
this is a very refreshing comment, very much in the defense of the behaviours of men without blaming anyone or playing victim
my confidence improves when I see solidarity like this
That is the absolute opposite of what I want
the truth is
most people have never been allowed to be aggressive
Nonsense. Nobody wants a loser that can't achieve results in the open world.
I forget how many of you are autists
Because I don't want those.
It is fairly safe to assume in this context that you should play a middle ground of being somewhat aggressive and forceful without risking much limit breaking. Women who want severe sadism are rare, most just want to be railed hard
I want to rail you hard, hypothetically 
but the last time I had sex, my partner asked me to stop because she was uncomfortable and I don't want to hurt anyone
literally just code for dark triad + handsome
why do women continue pretend they give a fuck about personality?
That's literally how the world works. Soft and compromising people get crushed and exploited in the open world. A badass is someone who people don't fuck with. It's not someone who goes looking for trouble, nor is it a purely physical representation. It's an attitude of competence and not taking shit from people less competent than you.
this. explains why i get brutally ignored and almost certainly made fun of if i say anything just because i'm normally quiet and socially awkward
I have a weird side, miss, it's called autism. Unfortunately I don't have a bad boy exterior, I'm just an antisocial fat fuck
Slapping ass and pulling hair would be considered "middle ground", and those are physically abusive behaviors. Anal is practically vanilla for a solid chunk of the population, but a total no-go for some. Would you have been fine with it if he immediately stuck it in your ass, or did you have something else in mind when you signed that blank check?
The point is that it's not communicated, and the hesitation is the game killer. Even if he was totally willing, it was the hesitation, uncertainty and respect for consent that killed the vibe.
So many different words for one concept ie Cluster B personality disorder, it's interesting.
I come off too intense/edgy at the beginning and women find it creepy
Badboy is code for tall goodlooking white Chad. Do you fit those characteristics because if not she doesn't care about muh dorky personality. She wants an easily domesticatable Chad for an LTR, not a reddit nerd.
The fuck does any of that mean
Because I like having money and not being in prison.
That shit has consequences when you are grown. You fuck around playing the part of billy badass and you will quickly find out one way or another.
