If you were walking across the frozen tundra, trapesing about in minus forty below zero ... and you happened upon this innocent looking baby seal.
Would you:
(A) Club it in the head, smashing its brains out its ears and nose with a smush as its warm blood dribbled out its nostrils into the frozen ground to be seal-sealed in ice for one thousand years.
OR
(B) wander off aimlessly, allowing your family including your young wife and newborn child to suffer and die of starvation. The baby seal would likely suffer a far more gruesome fate, suffering from infections and parasites that would eventually eat its brain from the inside out leaving it likewise to starve alone on the frozen plains abandoned by its mother.
Doushiyou?
I would kill the seal club to feed my family, however I would use as much of the seal as possible and respectfully return its bladder to the sea afterwards
Can't I keep it as a pet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9-GIHSrbxE [Embed]
I would rather eat a cheeseburger answering better questions instead lol
YOU SIR ARE A FAT HEINOUS COW!!
captcha J2KKK
I would kill myself with the club as to not give God his sick satisfaction by living in the world of torture and suffering he created.
Based.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL9iMPx9CpQ [Embed]
I'd probably hold and pet it for a while while I get ready to finally die.
We'd be watching the video of you smoking yourself in the face with the club and screaming as you bled out your eyesockets for the next billion years laughing our asses off on lolheaven.cow
https://youtu.be/PWyxhOrykZ8 [Embed]
do i have fuel to cook it? 
unless you're an eskimo used to eating both raw meat and seal meat you'd likely vomit. i've had seal and its disgusting if you're not used to eating seal and whale. also if this is north of canada its very likely it has botulism.
do we even have clothes to survive the cold and shovels to make an igloo? never mind the fact that i never made one but without shelter and also water you'll die of that long before starvation.
is there any chance of rescue before winter? because being surrounded by seal blood in the arctic night is dangerous with hungry polar bears prowling about. 
how do i even know the seal is abandoned by its mother? if its full of infections and parasites i'm not going to eat it anyway especially if i cant cook it.
Play around with it and make its final moments enjoyable until I need its resources.
id cook him for lunch and then his mother for dinner
i would kill the family so i can keep the seal because it looks cuter then a used whore or a baby that probably isnt even yours
Bring it with me to safety, new Freind :)
