I hate people so fucking much dude. I literally want normies to experience such fucking pain that their head will never be able to get stuck up their ass again. I no longer wish for a better world for anyone; in fact.. I want to see my pain inflicted on others. I want noone to escape.
Dude its Reddit what the fuck did you expect? And same for hanging around with SJWs and niggers, those people will turn on their best friends on a dime. Stop being a fucking addict, move on with your life and you better make up with your family because your family and clan will always care more about your rotten ass than random niggers or Redditors.
Dude its Reddit what the fuck did you expect?
i just.. didnt expect that they were truly so inhuman.
I try
quads
sucks that people are that way a lot of the time, but hey what can you do
To answer the question you originally posted, I'd say most normies don't have much exposure to the things you describe, and so they'll not be likely to sympathise with people who have had that exposure.
Granted, I haven't dealt with anything like that either - I've never taken drugs, and I don't know anyone who has. But I would like to help you in any way that I can
Nobody is truly human, it's just something we can aspire to. Defective robots have to try very hard to appear human at all, so they can sometimes be more empathetic than people who have been on autopilot their entire lives and assume they're human by default
quads
sheittttt i just noticed that
blessed post ig
well first i just want to know- How do i reintagrate to society. Should i leave my past compeltely behind me or be honest with anyone about it? how do i get a job with a nearly 3 year work gap?
I was mostly dependant on drugs honestly, because im a sensitive person; and i initially couldnt handle realizing my whole world view, and the shit id gotten myself into, was a joke, where the joke was on me. I couldnt cope wiht thinking id made meaningful connections with people repeatedly just for them to make it clear they just wanted to parasitically feed on me, then moved onto the next host once they got what they wanted. But now im over all that, and I realize how ugly this world is, and i doubt ill have as much of a need to use hard drugs to cope. But it sucks that the same time i finally become hardenned up enough to be able to handle all the ugliest parts of reality, it seems like its over. I refuse to accept its fucking over, Im only 23
It's admirable that you are looking for help, but incelexit really is not the place. They're more about minding the dogma than genuinely overcoming this stuff.
Get a shitty MC job first, then look for something better. Don't tell them why you weren't working, tell them you had family stuff to deal with or something like that.
Go the fuck back. You're an annoying little faggot nigger that doesn't know when to shut the fuck up. Your concept of existence is purely wrong. Just fucking leave.
you're in good company at least
I really really hope you faggots fucking kill yourself and fuck off forever.
I posted on incelexit a few days ago and they removed my post and banned me. All I was asking is for advice on how to find women who would be willing to talk to me even though im ugly.
see that was your first mistake. On reddit everyone is beautiful and saying anyone is capable of being ugly results in a permanent ban
ILY trannies i hope you have a blessed day. keep living your best life
if you have any leftover drugs, sell them
Did you use a fresh throway account, etc.? R*ddit has been autob&amp;ing them for a while now. Hell, even some legit main accounts got caught in the dragnet. They say it's to prevent spam, but I have a theory that it's because the psycopathicsub r*ddit mods want to have something (your post history) to hold over your head. Think: why else would they do this yet encourage and allow you to make throwaway accounts for anonymity?
GO BACK YOU ARE LITERALLY JUST AS BAD AS THEM.
it sounds like you are getting off drugs for your "friends", not for you. people will think you're an addict until you "own up". your'e always not good enough, why does it matter? you improve if you're being gaslight about being an addict or if you're told constructive criticism.
Lay off the sauce, you ginormous faggot. How do you expect to "reintegrate into society" if you flip out at anyone who isn't immediately sucking you off enough? Weak minded retard, no wonder you needed drugs.
He's right. I got b&amp; from a video game subr*ddit for posting an easter egg the day it came out before some youtuber could make a video about it. Later that day I saw his video and it even used my screenshot without credit.
im op and nta retard
i dont have any friends outside of discord friends ive met from the 4chinz lol
I dont know how you came to that conclusion
How do i reintagrate to society
I'd imagine you'll have to apply for simple, part time stuff to start with, retail etc. I'm guessing you may have done that already, in which case I can only say to keep at it. They say the employer decides within the first however many seconds if they're gonna hire you, so try to make the best impression you can. If you have smart clothes to wear, then where them. pay attention to your appearance, your body language, and so on. If they ask about the gap, you could perhaps say you had medical problems? it wouldn't be entirely untrue.
What's your current living situation? After the hard part of getting a job, the logical next step would be to find somewhere to live, if you're still with family or whatever.
From that point on, it's basically up to you how you wanna go on. If you're looking for friends, you can try reaching out to people on here. There are also services like meetup.com, which may be useful to you
how do i get a job with a nearly 3 year work gap?
I'd imagine you'll have to apply for simple, part time stuff to start with, retail etc. I'm guessing you may have done that already, in which case I can only say to keep at it. They say the employer decides within the first however many seconds if they're gonna hire you, so try to make the best impression you can. If you have smart clothes to wear, then where them. pay attention to your appearance, your body language, and so on. If they ask about the gap, you could perhaps say you had medical problems? it wouldn't be entirely untrue.
What's your current living situation? After the hard part of getting a job, the logical next step would be to find somewhere to live, if you're still with family or whatever.
From that point on, it's basically up to you how you wanna go on. If you're looking for friends, you can try reaching out to people on here. There are also services like meetup.com, which may be useful to you
dude, you have plenty of time to turn things around
Wait, scratch that. The sub jannie got my entire account permab&amp;. So yeah, you ain't special you addict.
"friends"
stop being a faggot, friends in quotes, for somebody who knows english, i very obviously meant fake friends.
THIS ENTIRE ESSAY WAS ABOUT YOUR FRIENDS BEING SCUMBAGS AND HOW YOU NEED REASSURANCE YOU ACTUAL FAGGOT
lol reddit is such a joke
thx for the work advice, ill keep that in mind
living wiht family but they say i have to be out of here by the end of the year. the problem is i have bad renting history bc, obv i didnt pay my rent or take care of the place very well bc of what i was doing at the time. People tell me to look for room and boards but idk where to find them
the entire essay was about how i used to beleive in peace love and kindness and the world completely shit all over it. These days IM doing everything to improve myself purely for myself, because i want to be happy someday. somewhat for family ig bc they proibably want to see me finally get a win but all of them except my dad (sometimes) are pretty shitty to me anyways so its hard to care as much about that sometimes
seems like you answered your own question. nobody wants to suck your dick just go to your real friends, stop throwing a tempertantrum about a question you already answered yourself. why ask this? is this just for attention?
Im motivated to get my life together but didnt know how. thats what i was asking about. jfc
no, but the thread was up for a while with people commenting.
Try looksmax dot org
