<comment>
I simply do not belive in a honeymoon phase.
I belive most normies (people who end up with gfs at some point) simply have mental issues that are bigger than mine despite me being a virgin by the age of 32. A mental illness that make the most loving and euphoric of experiences mean nothing to them in the end because they are chasing meaningless goal posts and fairly tale points more than anything else in the world.
When a loved one that is not a family member, a girl for example, opens up to you as a heterosexual man in all her glory and you embrace her while just siting there together in eachothers arms, that is a bliss I can only imagine and normies are squandering it for themselves by not valuing the physical day to day moments highly at all. They are using other people like drugs and candy while frying their brain.
Don't come at me with the reason that because I'm a virgin I simply don't understand. You are the one not understanding how fucking fucked up your brain is when your loving gf's open neck, arms, posture, receptivity for you is not enough. You holding her in your arms and seeing her blush to your touch. If that isn't enough for you then what are you doing bro?
Oh you have a gf but it's all going towards cold resentment for one another, a "dead bedroom" scenario and you are more like strangers or colleagues exchanging of services at this point?
Im sorry but that's not what I'm talking about. You should have seen the signs and broken up a long time ago.
Oh but then you will be an "incel" just like me and everyone else here if you do that? Too bad.
(1/2)
<comment>
I know what I want in life. I have a 4000 word essay on my computer about what exactly I would want out of an relationship if I ever have one. It's the most basic and reasonable text you will ever read, you won't read it though, no one will because no one cares or will belive me that this is what my end goal is. Normies will just make excuses or paint me in a bad light, call me a creep or misrepresent my very carefully written text to absolute hell before acknowledging that they simply have a fried brain.
I can not prove to anyone that if I got a gf who only is concerned about my loving touch, and me providing such, that it literally would make me have zero problems left in my life ever from that point. I can not prove it because people belive in shit like a honeymoon phase instead of seeing their mental illness for what it is.
If you have a loving gf who is intoxicated with your physical presence, your hands and body as a man you have by definition no problems in the real world.
Oh such a girl doesn't exist and only exist in this spooky honeymoon phase and then they all turn into hags and are the same in the end?
Interesting view, have you considered you are seeing ghosts aswell or are those not real while the invisible cloud man on top of your office building whispering into your ear to chase good boy points is?
Things can be hard, like a workout can be hard, but you have no problems really. All that is left is for you to understand is how your own mind works. Either by your own strength or with some help.
(2/2)
<comment>
I simply do not belive in a honeymoon phase.
Unloved and autistic, it is very easily documentable
