AaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I DONT WANNA EXIST RIGHT NOW
WHY DO I FEEL SO MUCH DREAD
Mio poster: Sudden existential crisis edition!
It's weird; all of a sudden, I feel like I have no drive to do anything, no reason to improve, no desires or wants. And yet, somehow, that is super motivating for me! With my mind clear of thoughts and desires I can focus on doing things better.
What things do you plan on doing better?
You deserve worse. Attentionwhore avatarfag
I want to work on my hobbies so that they become actual hobbies instead of things I just dip my toes into. I want to work out more often and more consistently to feel more healthy. And I want to build up some normal habits like cleaning my room and other house spaces.
Overall, I just want to improve on every aspect of my life.
I feel less of a need for social interaction right now, which makes me want to check Discord or 4chan less, therefore giving me more mental breathing space to direct my attention to other things.
Tell me a bit about yourself, anon: what aspects of your life do you want to improve?
I apologize for any infractions I have committed against you.
Why do I feel you're being dishonest, Mio-chan? Who are you really? What are you running away from?
I mean your infraction is what you are not anything you have done. Just trash is all.
I have a lot of things I don't want to say, so yeah, I'm hiding something. I don't really know how to answer your questions; I am just a version of myself when I post on this website.
My existence, huh...
Yeah. I hate people that rely on forming some sort of identity on a site meant to at least be outwardly anonymous.
I am just a lonely avoidant person. I want to be able to initiate interactions with others but I feel as if I am boring and lacking of any character. I want to change and develop some sort of personality and interests.
I understand. I do feel like having an identity enriches my experience on this site, though.
I think its kinda cool, like you know who it is but you dont.
Maybe your ability to siphon attention from it while contributing little, sure, but you could make an account on another site and get similar while not being counterintuitive to the intent of the site. You wont stop regardless, you are oversocialized and a dopamine zombie, but I do dislike you greatly.
I'm hiding something.
Something is an understatement! I can tell there's a lot more... 
2 years ago, before AI I'd have agreed with you. But now with so much botposting I am glad we have characters like this, if only to keep things a bit more human.
They are just like bots but designed to siphon as much attention as possible, they are all just black holes inside
I know, emotional vampires. There is no "negative" attention for them, it's all welcome. But still, things can get so much worse I'd even be willing tot ake that over the alternative.
It's kind of scary how accurate this is.
Why do I prefer this board over Reddit or something? I think it's because of how free it is compared to other places. There's plenty of opportunities and interesting discussions waiting to be found here.
Something is an understatement! I can tell there's a lot more...
I wish I could just talk about it, but I can't. Maybe if I went anon and tossed out any incriminating details. Don't feel like doing that anytime soon, though.
How would I go about fixing this? Just quitting 4chan altogether?
muh freedom
But you do the same thing other sites do with that supposed freedom. I dont care what you do but stop avatarfagging and trying to make tons of threads into special clubhouse threads where you talk about named posters.
No, just go to reddit. You're not here for le freeze peach, you're here because it's so easy to stand out amomgst a sea of faceless individuals. Little did you know, we're here for a reason and that reason is we're losers. Keep hanging around losers, going for the low hanging fruit, and soon enough you'll know the meaning of hell when walls start closing in. Reddit encourages growth, at least compared to 4chan.
What I find most disgusting about avatarfags in general is they often try to play up how lonely or sad they are but they will have 30 people on discord trying to talk to them. It is so fucking disgusting. This poster does that too was talking about how they are lonely or something before I remember it distinctly
I appreciate your thoughts.
I'll try to change up my behavior for the next few days, then. Maybe start using Reddit more.
special clubhouse threads
Fuuuuck, that must be really annoying to other people here. I'll keep that in mind.
I feel lonely because my Discord relationships are not a good replacement for meatspace ones. Perhaps I should VC more often. But yes, I do see how that comes off as incredibly hypocritical.
My loneliness isn't really a constant: sometimes I'll feel much more lonely than others. Sometimes the people I want to talk to aren't online, or I don't know what to say to them. Sometimes texting doesn't deal with my loneliness. 
With all of these thoughts in mind, I think I will stop avatarfagging for a few days. It would help with the attention-seeking behavior I exhibit all the time. Enjoy your brief respite from this point on.
that must annoy others
Yes. And no you wont change your behavior. Go join a discord server or some shit and stop doing it on the board.
I want irl interactions wahh 
Then why are you spamming about that shit on an online board?? You want someone from here to come to your house? Are you retarded? That is like going to a Mcdonalds and saying you are hungry then saying how you actually only want pizza. It doesnt matter if you keep doing it anyways the board is flooded with you zombies.
Because going outside is scary and I'd rather complain about it here :(((
You are complaining about how its not the same and it is not good enough to people which include those that cannot even make or maintain online friendships (which you seem to be flooded in). You are as bad as femcels
Yeah, this guy readily got the hang of it as soon as he started. You don't develop those skills while being a loner, but you do when you're a zoomer "loner" aka I've got 10 close friends but I won't admit it so I can fit in. My dear Anon, take solace in knowing actual loners, who are often undiagnosed mentally ill, will keep him company and transfer some of our "wisdom" to him heheheheh. Before he knows it he'll be becrying about how evil and such we are, while not being capable of even begin comprehending the mindset and experiences that lead us to become like this, no way he could when he comes home to loving warm parents and talks to his lifelong discord friend circle. But in his head, he is equal to us because he *feels* alone, but couldn't fathom actually *being* alone. As they say, curiosity killed the cat. I don't mind it as I said, better than bots at least.
Yeah I noticed that too. So disgusting they try to pretend to be something they arent, especially when it is something very bad to be. Just to be quirky or different and (ironically) get even more friends. I dont think interacting with loners will make them mentally ill, from my experience normies are actually quite robust about fitting in, you could dip them in acid and theyd still mesh fairly well I think anyways. It is very telling he had that reaction to online interactions
oh they arent real they dont do anything for me :3
When some of us cant even get those. It is just so tiresome. And if you press them at all these supposed losers are the first to shame you by calling you weird, autistic, friendless, etc, while not recognizing the hypocrisy of doing so.
i like ur threads please dont go :( and whats wrong why have u been so sad lately
See look. He even has someone asking why his behavior changed. I could vomit.
then go vomit somewhere else and leave this thread
discordfaggot
kill yourself
I don't have anything to say against these posts, it seems true enough to me. But why do I still feel so lonely, even if I'm not a "real loner" like you mentioned here? Why do you need to be so strict on what constitutes a loner or not? It's like those people who argue about whether someone is a robot or not; to me, a robot is just any anon who feels lonely and is posting on this board.
I'm just jealous about a girl who isn't mine.
Because you are a dopamine zombie who is oversocialized. Nothing is enough for you.
stay mad that u aren't part of the club, loser
what do u mean?
I dont want in your normalfag servers or groupchats, just stop spamming the board with it.
Can't argue against that.
I guess I just feel lonely when comparing myself to normies who have big social circles and hang out regularly.
Caught feelings for a girl and then felt jealous when she did stuff with other dudes. These feelings have been plaguing my mind for a few days now.
Holy shit, the avatarfagging habit is ingrained in me. Almost posted an image here.
You are pretty fembrained, lol.
Wait, how so?
by all means go back the bbc threads then
that must be tough to bare
what kind of things was she doing?
I think they were video calling or something which makes me really jealous.
I don't even know who you are in the first place, therefore I don't care
NTA but what's so good about them anyway? Can't you just find another person?
NTA but what's so good about them anyway?
She's a really nice and well-spoken person with a lot of desirable qualities and interesting hobbies. It's hard to want to give up on someone like that.
Can't you just find another person?
That's what I want and need to do.
just jealous of others having more than you and competing in that way, never satisfied, feminine trait. 
this thread is bad and I want it gone therefore I must prefer bbc threads
They can both be bad. People in bbc threads dont have a chance of listening
