thoughts on elon-chan?
technocrat billionaire ultracapitalist loves naturalist forest tree hugging movie
death note
Good starting point, it's interesting.
Evangelion &amp; Ghost in the Shell
Too dense and sad for a newcoomer. There's a lot about Japan and anime culture on them that someone new wouldn't understand.
Spirited Away &amp; Princess Mononoke
Good choices.
FMA
Nice one.
Your name
Mid, but a really beautiful animation, decent.
There's a lot about Japan and anime culture on them that someone new wouldn't understand.
Like what? It only references some mecha shit and Godzilla movies. It refrences Juedo-christian stuff more than anything Japanese. Though it gives an insight into proto-incels of Japan.
Super entry-level stuff but at least not total garbage. 
As for Elon himself, he's just a fucking redditor with a lot of money, plain and simple.
pretty blah taste.
No top 3 shonen that's pretty good
Better then picrel i think
HunterxHunter 
This alone mogs Elon.
I think Evangelion is a commentary on postwar masculinity in Japan. Gendo's father left for the war, he does the same with Shinji, and then Shinji isolates himself. The main difference between the two is that Gendo uses his power for selfish reasons, resurrecting his wife even if it means killing humanity, but Shinji, knowing he will be hurt for trying to connect with people, saves humanity, a real man.
It also criticizes -deres and anime stereotypes in general, how Rei is just a vessel with no real feelings or desires, and how bland anime girls are.
Elon likes all the anime I like.
Absolutely based.
no AoT
why did he leave out aot
I like rei as a character but it freaks me out how many people are actually attracted to her
because it is no where near as good as any of the ones listed
aot had the worst follow through of any series I can imagine
How is technology necessarily anti-naturalist? Theoretically copying billions of blobs is a lot more green then copying thousands of physical CD's and tape players. 
You're retarded in short. His entire thing right now is electric cars and mining space instead of earth for materials.
electric car pioneer is an environmentalist
shocking
criticizes deres
literally created THE token tsundere and kuudere
Your take is complete psuedo shit.
I fucking despise the fact that anime is now publicly acceptable to like. I fucking hate normalfags so fucking much.
Death Note
Based
Eva
Nice
GitS
Based
Spirited Away
Kino
Mononoke
Kino
FMA 2003
Most based pick so far
Your Name
Garbage
they fund the industry so i'm ok with it
Every time I try to say something about Evangelion it comes out as pseudo shit, I should stop but I don't know how.
It's fine for a casual, could be much worse.
no naruto
no wan piss
no demon slay
no one punch man
good in my book
I think it just talks about how men seek motherly love in women and how that makes them incels and disguised to women. I dont know about criticising waifu baits though. That wasn't probably intentional.
*Disgusting not disguised
Ghost in the Shell and Princess Mononoke are favorites of mine but most of the shit he listed is normalfags anime.
These tryhard fags just googled popular animes and tweeted it.
their funding results in garbage "likeable" manga getting adadapted
good studios get spammed with shitty unoriginal manga that normoids will consoom and actually interesting stuff gets either completely ignored or pushed over to some shitty studio who butchers it
as it was, there used to be a chance that you'd get animu for a good manga just because the people choosing which manga to adopt got their signals mostly from people who read manga
these days decisions are made based on hivemind that couldn't tell a good animu even if you shoved it into its collective throat
these normalfags animes are favorites of mine but most of the shit he listed is normalfags anime
cool blogpost, unsubscribed
