We wont have any jobs soon , will we?
Based on path we are heading will we get
Or something else and if so describe it 
https://twitter.com/emollick/status/1652170706312896512
BNW most likely
in brave new world everyone has sex, it is called orgy porgy
Im black anon and I wouldnt like that
It's over for useless eaters.
they are making me schizophrenic and forcing me to date a tranny, wow its fucking over
im a nigger btw
I'm expecting the elite to leave in some kind of space craft while leaving the depleted and dying planet behind. A Mad Max type world
haha, no, even worse
The book, retard, not the cuck fetish
The solution to any real issue posed is clearly having some degree of "tech-critical" / "anti-tech" attitude, rather than trying to explain "haha no you see the good self-replicating AI nanobots will patrol the the bad self-replicating AI nanobots" or "see, it's a GOOD thing we don't have humans doing the work that impacts human society, it should be all AI and the people that own it :)".
All AI developer skulls should crushed with a rock, that is my response.
It's basically over. If you're not rich enough to get an invite to the arc, then you're going to be erased. This isn't a conspiracy theory, you are told this openly and have already accepted it.
This. Preemptive Butlerian Jihad. There is no magical UBI prosperity route out of this that doesn't ultimately have us all accountable to Unironic AI Stalin or a tiny group of Silicon Valley freaks pretending to be same Wizard of Oz style.
But most people I talk to think this a nothing burger and when you do to try to explain that its at its infant stage they call you a schizophrenic or someone who isnt educated enough on the matter . Then you show them smart people who believe in what you say or along the same lines but just end up ignoring you . Why are normies so frustrating
He did it on purpose and publishes this just to mock us. These people are evil
What can we do to stop it before its too late ?
Was Ted right
He was right but the genie is out of the bottle. This was intentional and nobody who opposes it will be able to stop it at this stage.
Intermediate goal is causing Kessler Syndrome which may happen by itself no matter what. Once global means of information/communication are down, we go from there.
That would lock people onto this planet forever though. Which, I guess I don't care, because living off world is 100% never going to be a thing in my lifetime anyways, but still.
If elites cant leave planet theyll have vested interests in keeping it livable u retard
Okay again but that's not really going to matter within either of our lifetimes. Not relevant. So basically even if we wanted to be rebellious freedom fighters that would be hard as fuck to do for no benefit.
I work in medicine. Don't care about the rest of you fags, I'll always have a job.
AI will happen within our lifetime you midwit
That's some bullshit trying to absolve himself of blame after fucking making it.
Makes so much sense
What do you do specifically? My GP could easily be replaced by a bot. That fag just prescribes pills and sends me to a specialist. Don't get me started on pharmacists. Most medical workers are bad at their job and I welcome them being replaced.
Neanderthals were actually more intelligent than homo sapiens retard. Sapiens only won because of greater socialization structures and less energy requirements
Good the more you faggot nigger loving kikes lose your jobs to ai the better.. youre not owed a job
Just destroy all tech. Throw some water on that shit. Minecraft everyone in the Bay Area. That simple.
I bet you like bbc as well Redditor
How did you get into medicine?
What other questions
I'm thinking CE or EE might be safeish.
They had larger brains. There's no way to know how intelligent they were.
What are some jobs and services that you think can technically be automated but most likely won't due to some kind of "made by real humans!" appeal? It would have to be things that have some kind of core social aspect to it.
Porn and prostitution will be one of the last fields of work because people enjoy the power they have over another person
porn and sexting are already being replaced
I'm in school for geography at the moment. I think that AI has a bit of a foothold here as they can recognize/folllow preset routes and interpret spreadsheets now apparently. But interpreting and creating multi-dimensional maps with data and then applying it is a much more complex task that could take years for AI to master. Plus within my field there can be several "on the ground" components involved depending on the specific job you get, which most robots can't do yet either. So I figure I've got a good few years where I can stock up on resources for myself before my career field dies to AI.
I feel like the anti AI chuds are the same crypto bagholders that were telling us Bitcoin was going to make them trillionaires
NEETs will inherit the Earth. wagies cannot be go without slaving away for long as they are natural slaves. They also won't be getting NEETbux. They will go insane like they did in 2020 where locking down for a few months and being forced to stay home was the worst thing to ever happen to them. They burn their own homes down. My NEETbux will keep me fed and sheltered while wagies kill and eat eachother. Blessed AI will liberate us from the wagie menace.
A lot of men would never go to a prostitute but would be fine with a sexbot.
This is based and true, I'd unironically like to live in brave new world. Doesn't even sound that bad to me. And don't you retards try to pretend that you would be against unlimited sex.
Based, robots are the natural next step of human evolution.
They keep saying it but it hasn't happened yet. Probably still a decade off from people losing der jobs
FUG time to learn how to weld and die in 10 years because idk what I'm doing
You could already replace many jobs but the adoption will just be slow as with everything else. Shit is going to be unrecognizable in 20 years out everywhere other than Japan where the ATMs don't work on holidays in current year
AHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHA
ive been talking about this since 2016. nobody EVER took me serious. so many threads i made on this subject, every single one of you smug shit-for-brains retards didnt appreciate it
its okay, tho, its fine. technological automation will take away ALL jobs. ai will take away ALL jobs. soon, ALL of you fucking smug sex having normies, smug roasties, will be worthless neets
just like me
and experience the pain of having no meaningful work, just like me
and experience what its like to live in poverty, just like me
and experience people treating you like you are worth less than human because you dont work, just like me
and experience a life of despair, just like me
just like me. me me me. the pleasure is ALL mine. ive been waiting for this shit like some sinister supervillian
you fucking normies are so stupid and so smug, too. once ai is smarter than humans, it will start making cheap super-robots. these robots will have the ability of a human body. think boston dynamics meets i, robot. this shit is coming and these robots will be dirt cheap, and will be made mostly from carbon
you dont understand. soon EVERYONE will become a worthless member of society. yeah, so enjoy your time right now you smug hypocritical pieces of immoral shit, you filthy normies. enjoy it, because soon, that shit is going BYEBYE
I live by a simple philosophy, myself. If something comes out, its gonna be shit. Even if AI goes nowhere tons of people are still gonna lose their jobs when the very thin threads left maintaining whats left of the economy completely snap, not to mention the mountains of needless social bullshit going on. And hell, below $18 an hour there is literally no fucking point in even working from how little money that brings in for the time you waste, unless you are in bumfuck nowhere I guess. Then you look at the wider state of the world as a whole and realize that maybe its not worth saving, or conversely, no matter what you do or how hard you try it is not going to be. 
They never had a vested interest in anything beyond their own desires anon. Just look at all the pollutants just dumped willy nilly everywhere even today. They dont give a shit about the long term and never did.
Not everyone only alphas and his sidekicks. Betas, called gamma and omegas or something there, would be subject to wageslave indoctrination ever since their artificial wombs and gicen drugs to cope with that.
Which is actually not much different from out world already.
We were already on a downward spiral as a species, now we are on a sharp downwards spiral. Not much has changed
I am heritage conservator and I dont see how my job will be replaced by robots because its so intertwined between physical, mental and decisionmaking abilities. Ai cant initiate, which is important in conservation. 
My problem is that there is too msny people in this world already so its over anyways.
