<comment>
I wanna read stories about people who lost their virginities, preferably if it was something sweet and lovely.
<comment>
be me 
I start going to a bar at my local town center.
after a 6 months of hanging out and being drunk the bar 
they hire a new waitress and bar tender.
she was a blonde with massive boobs.
I talk to here for a few shifts and she starts drinking after hers.
She says she has no place to live
My friend says he has a spare room so we move her into his place,
He lives there with 4 other people, 3 girls and him
One night after drinking she invites me back to my friends house
We are pretty drunk and go upstairs to her bed room]
I've slept in this room before when staying so I am not nervous
we go in and fool around a bit then she gets naked and pulls off my pants
I see she has a tattoo on he stomach but think fuck it 
She sucks my balls and I am breathless from it, first time a girl touched my balls and it was with her mouth
She gets me hard and climbs on 
she rides me for a while but I try to hide my face.
she grabs my hands and pushes them back and holds them down while dead staring me in the eyes
After that it was pretty blurred but I remember cumming on her and she grabbed my hand and used it to rub her vagina.
She started to go really tight in her body and then gasped 
She said that was lovely and we are gonna do it again
I woke up in the morning and walked home
I felt nothing
<comment>
2008
project chanology days.
blue eyes, freckles and auburn hair.
she had a bf,
kept trying.
got lucky with her.
fingered her first.
missionary but not for procretion.
pretty good for a first time.
Realized I could never trust her and it became more apparent that it wasn't going to work long term. I faked my personality and it fooled her, took her anal virginity too. She loved it up the ass.
<comment>
Vividly remembers the details 
Was "breathless" 
I felt like nothing like those cool stoic anime protagonists!
Kys poser
<comment>
be new at school
have no friends because i despise normies
still strike up convos when bored
see a girl that is always alone at lunch
talk to her, she likes me
get to know her and show her my interests
they are all about morbid stuff, but i guess she liked me so much she forced herself to enjoy it
i turned her from a potential trad to a literal goth slut
eventually fuck her
dump her the day after
<comment>
It was a ons with a high tier becky (stacylite if she lost ~10kg). We were both virgins and I came too fast so it was shit. She also gave me the world's worst blowjob, at least she tried I guess.
<comment>
I had sex for the first time with almost 30. I was desperate it would never happened, yet it did, with a fairly pretty and very smart girl, who was younger and a KHHV before me.
The act itself was technically awful, what you'd expect from level 1 sexhavers with 0 EXP. What was magical, possibly life-changing, was the aftermath.
I got dressed again; shirt, pants, socks and all, while she prefered to remain completely naked for hours (this became a wonderful habit of hers). She crawled onto my lap, legs spread, facing me. She told me many nice things, how it wasnt my fault our first time wasn't as great, that she expected as much and there would likely be other, better times (there were).
I looked up and down her exposed body: thin, graceful, vulnerable. Even her feet were beautiful. And everything that was supposed to be beautiful about a female body, was even more so. Her eyes are grey and seemed absent, glassy. Her hair is dark, shiny and contrasted with her pale skin, flowing much broader than her delicate neck buried underneath it.
I realized how I gave her not even a fraction of the enjoyment she deserved. I had few clear thoughts, other than the one I voiced without thinking: "I really want to rail you *properly*."
Very different from the intellectual, tender way I always communicated with her, as we're both shy people. But she reacted so warm, so considerate towards my vulgarity. She laughed, flustered, thought of what to answer. "You finally admitted it", she said: she had been waiting for me to acknowledge my lust. Maybe, feeling lusted after is what women desire, even ones as shy as her.
Her legs locked aound my back, she laid her head over my shoulder and I held her. I kissed her sometimes. Silence. Neither of us was a virgin anymore, we entered a river you cannot enter twice. It wasn't about the rubbing of genitals, but rather about this acceptance.
<comment>
No sure what the problem is with my memories, I remember small details of things girls have done to me.
The best kiss I ever had was a girl in a taxi, her lips we the softest I've ever felt, she was the only girl that made me remember her kiss. 
The girl who sucked my balls for the first time, it took me back as she sucked and popped them in and out , felt crazy, it was more shock then pleasure 
A girl I met from the bars after the waitress, she took my penis and circled it around her vagina, I have never felt such pleasure than that ever, not even masturbating, I told her to remember what she is doing and to do that always, she never did it again, and I ruined it by turning it into me humping her
If I can find a girl who can do all three of these I will marry her
<comment>
How did you guys lose your vcard?
Against my will 
preferably if it was something sweet and lovely.
Sorry
<comment>
Sorry you were raped, hope you find peace
<comment>
That's beautiful anon, I'm happy for you
<comment>
i was 5
i feel like i have lost a lot of value because i have "never" been a virgin
