Am I just getting lucky or are desi women always really nice? I've only met a handful, but they were all pleasant and motherly towards me.
50/50 on initial interactions
usually all nice when i got to know them through work 
maybe loved a good gossipy shittalk tho
No. I work with them all day in STEM. They are loud, bossy, domineering, have shrill voices, do nothing but gossip and talk shit about people. And they do stink of curry and BO just like the memes.
take the desi woman pill pls
there's a desi girl that goes to my gym and i would sell my soul to date her
Are you a cute desi girl? Do you like hispanic guys? I work with a lot of Indian guys (I'm a codemonkey) and they all have wives who sound amazing but a lot of them aren't very nice to their wives which makes me sad, since it sounds like their wives cook for them and are sweet
Don't mistake weakness for compassion. These people are nicer because they are worth less then a white woman and have to make up for it. As soon as they lock you down they will act the same as any other women.
do both of yourselves a favor and just ask her out silly
yes unfortunately. and ive never actively thought about hispanic guys before but yes they're definitely cute
desi men definitely have a tendency to not appreciate their wives, ive seen it happen way too much in my family and it breaks my heart. i used to hate cooking when i was younger but now that ive grown up i want nothing more than to make food for a man who loves and appreciates me as much as i do him 
i hope you can find a qt desi, anon. from the sound of it you'd definitely deserve her
You sound really nice. I hope you find a guy who appreciates you
Any pajeetas ITT?
I'd enjoy a desi girl, but I may be too freaky for her.
I also have good experiences with desi girls. Wouldn't mind getting set up with one for an arranged marriage.
I'm a white guy and think desi men mog me pretty hard to be honest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg1V54WjjWI [Embed]
I'm on this website every fucking day and I've never seen this word coming up until now. As if you just made it up and everybody ITT simply goes along with it. Is this what being gaslighted feels like?
Isn't this cultural appropriation?
Go on any porn website and search "desi"
