How do I deal with the fact she used to date someone I hate
YO FUCK EVERY CRIP BLOOD AND ESE IN THE WESTERN AND EASTERN HEMISPHERE NIGGA
Did you hate him for some superficial reason or was he a jerk? If he was a jerk it shows she has bad judgement and will be an unreliable partner.
A snotty little prick who I almost beat the shit out of multiple times. But she just didn't it because she had zero self esteem. She's better now
Sounds like you are the problem but whatever.
We are happy together and I treat her good. I don't genuinely hate anybody but I very much dislike his stupid ass. Incredible condescending and rude.
Sounds like you suck dudes from behind
But yes you're right I am the problem and my problem is that I am upset she used to date someone I hate
On the flip side of this my wife had a one night stand with a really good friend of mine before she and I met.
I'd feel uneased about that but it's a lot better
It was over 20 years ago now so it's water under the bridge
She dated Ron Pearlman?
I wish but no not perlman
Well, did she break up with him or did he break up with her?
Broke up with him. She actually had a thing for me for quite a long time. While they were dated I confessed and she turned me down out of loyalty. But later she left him for me. I know that sounds bad when it's said but she's a good person. She just didn't know what it was like to really be loved.
You're a piece of shit and you don't love her it's obvious you took advantage of her during a bad time now You're making excuses while you're going to be the one slurping her exs cum out of her kek
Dude, stop grooming mentally vulnerable women. She's probably better off with that other guy, he goes to church and has a job. What do you have Daniel?
I didn't but go ahead and assume that. I was her first bf that didn't treat her badly. Can't use that on me anyway I was her first. Literally felt the hymen break
Where did that come from? God I swear this website hosts the most spectacularly retarded people on the internet. Just because you've been hurt by OPs in the past doesn't mean I'm the enemy anon
Let him fuck you in the butt. It sounds weird, I know, but somehow it works everything out. I've done it dozens of times.
