what are some ways, if possible all, that the police can trace a body back to you?
a thread on /r9k/ probably
By making glowy posts on 4chan which sees a diligent fed getting your IP and doing a checkup on you.
semen in the childs butthole
proxies already, now answer me
They take your fingerprints when you update your ID card. I'd accidentally leave some DNA behind. Hair, fingerprints, blood perhaps (I've also heard that when women scratch you part of your skin/blood can get stuck in their nails so there is that), etc.. Lots of ways to get caught nowadays. Best is to get rid of the body, dissolve it in some chemicals (I don't know any, I was bad at chemistry). Try not to leave any evidence behind like the ones mentioned before. The rest should do the trick since I have no social media and I'm not a fool to post/boast about killing someone on boards or other platforms.
In conclusion:
don't leave evidence behind
be a ghost
ive seen they can get the person's id by their teeth, can they somehow trace it back to me?
Yeah, identification through teeth is also possible. Archeologists use it to find out who that person was. Your teeth and bones tell a lot of things about you. I thought we were talking about the predator, not the prey.
Nevermind, that wasn't your question. Perhaps if she bit you or something or you punched her in the face and your fist got scratched by the teeth there is a possibility. I am not a detective though so I don't really know. Not too knowledgable on this, just things I picked up from those TV shows.
no, its still talking about the predator, but if they find out who the person is, they can find where she was before dying, by surveillance footage, right? so its best to remove their teeth to avoid this possibly happening, right?
By the killer being inexperienced, which you are.
Imagine thinking you can outsmart not just one person, but several people, doing something you've never done before when they've been working together to catch people like you as a career.
and yes, it involves the bit part too, possibly. but that i cant remove at this point
fingerprints blood sweat or other body fluids
If you have used your credit card in the area close to the time the killing happened
hair or hair flakes DNA left on you like fingerprints or fluids from the target
So:
Wear a full body throwaway suit like picrel number 2 and burn it afterwards
Pay everything in cash a few days before and a dew days after
wear a mask cap and make sure to wipe on any sweat from your head 
And do something for you fucking hair skin
in love the 4chan therapist
ive bought a phone a month before something very serious happened, but ive heard they erase footage after a month. how true is this?
me again and dont have sex with the dead corpse its disgusting and a crime with will surely leave DNA on it
i wouldnt trust anything big tech says about deleting data
alright alright. im almost finished asking, but do i, or would you leave the city for a couple months before going back?
Yes, try to avoid the prey being someone very social. Someone who will be missed and the lack of appearance being noticed. I personally would probably freak out and not find the time to pull the teeth but I'd say pulling the teeth and pulverising them and flushing them down the toilet or putting it in someone's meal (just getting rid of it) would be the best option.
yeah, i think thats the part i could of have possibly forgotten if that happened. i would certainly have cut off her feet and her hands, so that an identification would be harder
Nice post OP, this is some quality circumstantial evidence that will be used against you
Burning the body/the identifiable parts would do the trick. It would smell horrid though so that could attract attention.
All of this a hyopthetical discussion.
Motive and mistakes. Never kill out of hate, anger or want. Do it for fun and you will not be caugth.
if you have a motive to kill someone then they'll figure it out
don't do it because the consequences are likely and you'll immediately regret it
They take your fingerprints when you update your ID card
they don't in my country
Hair
keep your whole head in a woman's stocking like in the simpsons and on top gear
fingerprints,
wear gloves
blood perhaps (I've also heard that when women scratch you part of your skin/blood can get stuck in their nails so there is that
Wear polyurethane impermeables in minecraft. Waterproof, durable and little friction so not easy to scratch (see picrel)
(I don't know any, I was bad at chemistry)
use chatgpt (for entertainment purposes only)
i hypothetically wouldnt have a motive, since i either picked one at a bar that has no cameras and the other was a prost
I was just giving examples of what could be traced back. Of course one should take precautions like the ones you mentioned.
desire to kill for no reason
just become a hunter and give meat to your buddies but you don't want to do that because you have a reason to kill a specific person
that would be highly suspicious i would rather make it look like i left the city for a trip or smt before the incident happened return one day commit the act leave and come back a few days later make sure nobody sees you so keep your car in a city far away and use a fucking bicycle its also good for your health &lt;3
i would have no reason, and i would have used the same method the guy in my op used with the bar person. the pt was late at night and couldnt be traced back to me since she didnt have a phone, in an imaginary scenario
