I'm in-love with my lil angel /r9k/ trans gf
I am in love with our Queen, Saint Iris the Martyr.
I love you my cute bf, I will always love yoh
He's the most mega wonderfullest person I've ever met in my entire life I never ever felt remotely as in love with anyone before it doesn't even come close.
We've known each other for years but still I can never predict what he is going to say and he's endlessly funny because of it as well as being super smart and insightful. Whenever there is something I miss or overlook he sees it and points it out.
He has such good taste or well compatible taste. We like all the same music, the same films, the same everything but sometimes for super different reasons and it makes it so fun to talk about it. His voice is so dreamy I could just listen to him talk about anything forever. He's just so fun and comforting. He makes me feel human like I don't have to try anymore and I can just be me and that's ok.
He gives me butterflies in my tummy and I don't know if anyone else or anything else ever has. Just getting an invite to play something with him or hang out makes my heart go waku waku. I don't get shaken or flustered easily but around him I can barely talk I just melt into a mess of spaghetti. I get all self conscious because I want to impress him too much and I always mess it up. He's so debonaire everywhere he goes he effortlessly integrates but never compromises himself.
I could just watch him from a distance. He's magical. He looks so good and carries himself so well in spite of his insecurities and faults. He wears himself on his sleeve and I love it. He's everything I wish I could be and he's my idol.
He doesn't feel the same way though. I missed my shot and I don't think I get another one. I'd trade everything I have to have a real chance with him. There's nothing in life I want more than him. I don't care where I'd have to live or what I'd have to do as long as I could be with him.
Even if I have to wait years I'll be waiting for another chance. I waited over a year for my first round but I always mess everything up. It's the only reason I live life.
That's very cute anon, I'm so glad to hear that more robots are finding their loved one!
Based loyalist anon
it was easier having nobody
i don't know if i'm happy or sad
it's hard being in love
it's even harder when you barely get to see him
i just wish i knew how to get close to him
people are the most complex thing in the world
at least the ones i care about
don't have one
haven't since before covid
I was an innocent 15yo high schooler
now I fuck prosties lol
If you're in an LDR then just move in together ASAP and visit each other IRL as much as possible.
Why not find a gf?
I'm in love and hate with my ex-boyfriend.
Why not find a gf?
autism
My oneitis rejected me when I spilled the beans. We were like 8. First and last time I ever simped or fallen in love with a girl. I was such a dumb kid. One of the most embarrassing things I ever experienced. I swear I could feel the space and time moving as I single handedly shifted dimensions onto this timeline.
i had multiple crushes and i only ever acted on one
technically 2 but i was ridiculously late with the othet one
Nonbinary Russian girl who does not love me back.
if you were already going to call her what she is anyway then why even put the "nonbinary" in
i had an fp that i thought was a true love... i still think this but they do not reciprocate.
what's an fp? orgingerally
She's lovely, the motivation I get from speaking to her, or just being close to her to actually live my life is a rotal bliss. Hearing her cute voice as I wake up, or feeling her hair tingle my nose as we fall asleep.
She's a total gamer, shut-in, loner, yet she's so passionate about all this /biz/ and /g/ stuff that I feel envious! I'd love to have something like this that would interest me so much. I don't even care about myself that much, she in comparison treats herself with so much lotions and other cosmetic shit I'm seriously concerned she might peel her skin off her face one day, but I can't deny how I love to play with her cute face! It's so smooth, like, imagine squeezing a smile on that adorable dork! I love to do that, because I love her smile. She deserves more that what life has given her and I feel like someone who's responsible to do just so. Her sibling was a total ass, her parents divorced and her only friend is a furry slutty dude. She has a good sense of style, always wearing oversized hoodies but they suit her just right. She's also very sensitive, loves animals and so much more! :333
I thought I found the one, but it was a rebound. She made me feel like no one else ever had, but I should've read the writing on the wall. I never knew it would hurt this much, even though I knew it wouldn't last long.
