Why is existing in the modern world so demoralizing for the average male?
It's by design.
1776 again is the only way.
We're at the bottom of the social totem pole
Because you are nothing more than a productive cattle whose reward for working is consumption.
At least in the past they had the prospects of things getting better and seeing your work directly benefit the people around you.
Everything you do is going to be for the benefit of billionaires, and since they live comfortably that means you're living in the greatest time of human civilization and if you're unhappy it's your fault and you're a chud and an incel.
Possibly because of the demoralization.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVyrsCM3TPA [Embed]
What "demoralisation" are you talking about? World has always sucked for an average person and not everyone was an American experiencing the economic post war boom. Its your fault that you waste time consuming incel far right propaganda designed to instill siege mentality in you.
The system they have cultivated is unsustainable because its alienating and making the men it needs to hold it up hostile to it. All they need is a charismatic leader to get behind and many of them would gladly get behind him burning it to the ground.
Communism is a good idea.
A revolution isn't going to happen because the sheep and cows of society are completely fine with how things are going, they all have deluded themselves someway to think that things are alright because they get scraps.
Most political projects are also completely run by consultancies, interest groups and huge sums of money.
This is a society for cattle and not for wolves, and it will gradually become worse until everything is gone, and nothing but grey desolation and ash remains.
came to this realization awhile ago and it was fucking heartbreaking, why care when you can scroll endless media and indulge in any hedonistic desire? There was brief talks of "what if we just stopped paying rent" and things like that but action will never come we are all too complacent and numb
i dont know and dont care anymore i cant do this shit anymore man i really cant im suffocating its overrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
bottom of the totem pole stays at the bottom
I think the biggest blackpill is just realising that it's all just money from bottom to top, money IS the social and political logic and you can't escape it anymore, people aren't morally or ideologically concerned with things to a great degree, the ones that are get completely silenced by the media, the topics that are part of the narrative are the kind that are either so dumb that they might as well have been gossip or it's simply divisive topics to split the citizens and make sure the political consultants, lawyers and "activists" always have something to make money off of.
The answer to your question is the modern crisis (however you want to define it)
I agree shit is going to get worse, but eventually things will change because they will have to. Like Ive said previously the system has fucked itself and will eventually collapse and something else will take its place like has happened throughout history.
It just needs to last long enough for the egghead wagies to make AI and robots that replace human labor
but for how long will things get worse?
how long until it all crumbles apart, to become something new?
personally i'm not even sure i'll get to live to see it, the world is very slowly getting more shit, and the fact that it's slow makes me think it is going to take a while
The inevitability of the capitalist system's downfall is literally the Hegelian/Marxist telos.
We just happen to live at the singular point where capitalism is at its utmost strongest, it can flex its muscles and destroy any threat and still keep itself coherent when yet another crisis or inflation bubbles up due to its own inadequacies.
And with the technological advancements into AI/Robotics we might see it becoming even more powerful.
These things sadly take a long time to collapse, and right now there's really not even a coherent ideological alternative to the status quo. 
It won't be in our lifetime, the closest we might get is societal collapse or resource wars due to climate change.
i just want to live away from junkies and criminals
Wrong, closest we'll get to a collapse will be AI and this will be in our lifetimes.
I'm autistic and going back to work again tomorrow has made me anxious all week. How do other aspies cope?
We are paying for our ancestors' sins. They used black people as slaves. Now it's our turn to submit to the mighty BBC. They are coming for our women and there is nothing we can do about that
Demoralization doesn't have to be obvious, nor does it need to be direct, also, far right (not)incel propaganda forum.
SEVENTEEN SEVENTY SIX
YOU THINK I'M GONNA DIE FOR THAT AGAIN?
FUCK YOUUU
YOU CARRY IT BACK
YOU CARRY IT BACK ONE TIME AND PLAY LIKE YOU'RE SOMETHING OVER ME FOOL
I'LL TAKE MY PISTOL AND TEACH YOU A RULE
Are you even aware of current events bro? American society is utterly fucked. The next election is Biden/Harris. There is no democracy the country has been bought out and sold to foreigners.
AI will only tighten the chains around our necks and give unsurpassed power to the ruling class, you really think organising and revolting is possible against mass surveillance and murder bots?
Yes, and China's economy is overtaking America's possibly switching the power balance the next 10 years when the wars of the Atlantic sea start.
there are foreigners who have bought out entire tracts of land and are strip mining the country's resources
The world is for the rich, no matter their nationality, do you really think that the Conservative politicians will give a shit about national heritage or pride when a rich Chinese billionaire wants to buy out real estate? Or how the progressive and liberals are somehow okay with selling trillions of weapons to dictators?
It's all just a game and the only thing that matters is money.
