i was feeling very zzz like so i had a good sleep of 10 hours
typically i will sleep with a nightlight an some soothing white noise, however lately i have been sleeping in the complete darkness an silence, well its being going mostly fine
now is the time for me to play geometry dash for a bit while i wake up, then i will try out flying red barrel
May I suggest a tea that makes me wired as fuck because I have zero caffeine tolerance? It also tastes fucking amazing, hence why I'm on my third cup in the last hour.
Despite what it says on the box, take one sachet, throw it in a smaller coffee cup, and pour in boiling water. Three spoonfuls of sugar, four if you can't taste sugar easily.
Hope you enjoy it, anon
hm i see very interesting
i see it is also on the walmart shop so my food stamps should pay for it
i will add it to my next order an try it perhaps posting pictures as well an save this post to my desktop
miko twoshot
two shot niki protects me from abusers
i am making ramen an also drinking a monster, afterwards i am going to try out the shootin game
Few tips so it's optimal.
The sediment at the bottom of the cup is not really that good, it's a bit gritty and no real flavor. Some people drink it, but I generally don't. Luckily this brand doesn't have as much as some, so it's only when you've got to the last sip of the cup.
Don't leave it steeping for more than 10 minutes, or it loses a lot of the strong cinnamon flavor. I like to do 2-5, but I stir it and move the sachet so it goes stupid quick.
You will get spoiled by it. I went back to my old brand (celestial) today, because I'm nearly out of H&amp;S, and it tasted way too strong on the tea and not nearly enough with the cinnamon. Left my mouth feeling felty. And yes, I'm currently on my fifth cup. I've got a weird pulsing that's going from my head to my toes, and is sloshing through in waves.
Final thing, drink it way quick. Savor it, for sure, but don't let it sit in the cup and get colder than maybe 65c/150f. It rapidly degrades in quality after that.
Hope it's as good to you as it is to me, and be warned, it's a bit warm spice wise. (Well, for tea.) Not spoonful of cayenne, but almost like the spice you'd get biting into a jalapeno. It's gone like 15 seconds after you stop drinking it, though.
i have just finished vacuuming my entire house, soon it will be time to be a gamer once again
it sounds very interesting thank u for ur tea tutorial i saved this one too
i probly order more groceries sometime this week maybe tomorrow if my mom can pick up my order tomorrow
this game is super duper fun i want to get rly good at it
some of these geometry dash achievements will take a rly long time (like hundreds of hours)
this is ok tho
im gonna take a break for dinner
im making white rice, beans, bell peppers, chicken, an onion
also im havin another monster 
i only have 5 monsters left frick
but it will be alright if i can get my groceries on wednesday
im gonna watch a video on the mechanics of flying red barrel, i watched the first stage, the video is rly very useful, i didnt even know u could shoot rockets down as well as other things like the multiplier 
unlike touhou this game has no no bomb bonus actually this game encourages bomb use an apparently it has 18 different endings which is very very cool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPGZc8qAcUQ [Embed]
however i dont want spoilers so im gonna beat the game before i watch the rest of the video, so far i have only made it to stage 4 i could definitely beat the game if i used continues, altho i dont like to use continues in shooting games
oh i see u cant shoot rockets behind but the hitbox starts while they are behind u they just come out like that
i am gonna do more of my pin grinding in oj an probly shower after i play enough of it for tonight
bleh no ones joined so im gonna close the game
i am gonna shower now an try to shower at least once every other day
i will post when i get back
my fren maybe wants to play some vidya with me
that was a berry nice shower, it feels so good being clean an exfoliated all over
my current life goals
stay sober (perhaps do some non hard drugs occasionally like weed or alcohol but never more than 2 days a week, tho i may just stay sober forever who knows, it has been 2 months sober)
eventually shower once a day
eventually exercise once a day
eventually brush my teeth every day (i would like to eat 2-3 homemade meals every day an brush my teeth after every meal)
return to making a dream journal entry every morning an to have an maintain a sleep schedule / wake up time
of course there is also many goals i have in vidya an i also have set a goal to never reply to any obvious abuser ever again
i will have to start small but i can eventually achieve all of these goals as i have done them all before
i will brush my teeth an gums an tongue thoroughly before i sleep, work on fixing my sleep schedule, an perhaps tomorrow i will start with some yoga an light cardio before showering 
i am currently extremely soft , squish , thin , an out of shape, i cannot do 1 pushup an i cannot jog for more than a couple minutes without being exhausted,
currently im still drying off, an i still need to apply lotion so im gonna do that
also besides vidya i have a goal to finish a ton of anime an manga an organize them all on mal, perhaps even write small reviews on them for myself to have
