He was an ugly fuck from his pic he sent but I was willing to settle. But as soon as he saw my pic he ghosted. Jokes on him I guess, I probably would've cuddled the shit out of him and sucked his dick but now he can spend the next year crying alone to himself because he was too picky.
sorry femcel. peep the facts.
yeah I'm certainly no incel but I have very little interest in the typical person.
not gonna read your post, sorry champ. just not going to read it. i know i knoooow, but im not going to read it. really sorry about that champ.
You did not "settle".
He was ugly.
You are fat and ugly.
I literally fuck a femcel that looks just like you every so often so follow your fellow normie friends advice and just keep trying. I would talk to you desu
Just because I'm fat and unattractive doesn't mean I'm worthless as a person. I can still suck dick and clean peoples houses. If you incels were REALLY incels you'd get with someone like me.
Would you breed me and turn me into your slutty bitch?
Wow, such delusions.
Remember chudcel - if you're not Chad, then she's settling regardless of how she looks or behaves.
Yes. You dont have to ask when I would be making you my bitch regardless
more proof incels are just volcels if an incel goes low enough he will find someone.
i'd suggest you to just go for a below average normie who is fat and ugly, incels are harder to get then normies, incels also have tons of mental issues and flaws.
just go fuck another ugly incel nobody wants your mentally ill retarded self
How fat are we talking? Height and weight? I'm open to the idea, test me.
5'3 187 pounds i'd date ANYONE
If you're a femanon and you're serious add me Guitar Wolf#7863
That other guy isn't me. What country are you in? If we're the same I'd happily meet after proving neither of us are catfish.
Average American woman is 5'3", 160.
So you expect me to believe you can't get a man as a 3/10? 
Fuckouttahere
based response
I'd ghost you too, I don't want head, I want a hug
Discord? I have been with girls like you before
Offer to be there for him and suck his cock
neato burrito.
Ghosts me after seeing that I am also fat and ugly.
Bummer.
Yeah, it sounds like he lost 200 lbs with little more than a couple clicks. Impressive really.
If you lived in my area and are as fat, ugly, and neurotic as you seem to be let you blow me and chill out at my place a few times until you started getting clingy or argumentative enough that the stress you caused me outweighed the stress you suck out of me.
I'm the only truecel on this board.
This is why people don't take incels seriously, anon. Hard to defend against accusations of mental retardation when they lap this shit up every single day without fail.
Fucking lol
im on antipsychotics for my autism spectrum disorder and these cause weight gain. I only eat 2 meals a day. small meals.
Post pic of yourself so we know youre not a faggy liar
they're all autists or otherwise legitimately retarded, there's no way.
here you go I know it is bad
Ask your therapist to change medication for those exact reason. I was medicamented for the exact same thing, also gained enormous ammount of weight extremely fast and lost it as fast as soon as I had switched to another med that did the same wanted effects. There's tons of alternative molecules for these exact reasons.
Ew. I'll pass. Put down the burgers yeah.
i've tried a few but this is the only one that doesn't make my stomach burn.
volcels everywhere see what I mean. its a shame. everyone is a volcel.
We know, what you lardasses consider "small".
You're fooling no one.
Headmeds are just an excuse.
Fat can't grow out of nothing.
You are overeating and undermoving
Always worth to try again. Also you're taking them while eating right? It's the best to avoid stomach burns.
also this is my face I can not find anyone who does not think I am pretty I never been with anyone.
Lose weight and have some self respect.
