6 years a NEET
no normalfag can comprehend my suffering
I'll get a job... somehow...
I did get a job. The suffering never ends
I wish you luck fellow neet but whenever I think about it it just seeems like it's over. I mean nobody actually struggles to get a job, girls, sex and friends. For some it's harder but it just naturally happens. The only thing I have to look forward to seems to be wage slaving on some shity job, getting mogged and dying alone. It's not a bad thing but it kind of hurts when you get the looks and compare yourself with all other normal people around you who are getting things you will never have and they don't understand it's impossible for you.
I spent three years as a NEET trying to get a job and found nothing. I even went to college.
You may no believe it, but I'm counting on you, anon. I hope you find whatever you're looking for
I'll get a job...
I'll make money
I can do it...
the pain of my lost years will always remain tho...
i want to try to go to college again. i've been a friendless neet for 5 years.
i know that i need to get out of my room. i don't enjoy things like i used to, but life was impossible before and i'm even worse now.
forgot to add an original picrel
Have you tried posting smug cartoon frogs and bragging about all your free time?
5 years here. I started looking for something because of money. I have no idea what to do but definitely know I will only last no more than a year in society. I feel ill and nauseous just thinking about it.
I used to want to escape NEETdom, now I don't really care. Why would I want to? So I can get more money and improve my life, with all those brilliant things I want to buy like...and...err...? There's nothing I want, nothing I desire. Eventually I'll just die and nothing will change. It better fucking happen soon.
Yes you will anon. Have faith in yourself and work for what you want
Yes, they will, but you have a choice: you move forward with it and bear the pain, or you keep in the same road you already is and the pain will be even worse
This. I have everything I could want, aside from a home away from all these fucking people. What I would need to create my ideal life would require years and years of waging, and at that point, would I even enjoy it? If I could have everything I have now, just out in the countryside without another home for hundreds of meters, I'd be content, even if it was one story high. But even that would require hundreds of thousands of dollars, impossible. I'd rather live lightly and die early.
