i woke up..... i ate some lasagna that my family made and drank some cofee...... i played wow for a couple hours, i ran maraudon which im going to have to run alot for an item i need. i tried watching initial D and it was okay but i dont know why i dont feel compelled to watch more, also checked out a couple movies one of which was battle royal pretty sure i looked at some others too but didnt really like any of them. nothing obscure today really. i whined to people on discord about how much i hate myself for a bit. i got done playing hypnospace outlaw for an hour or two. i emulated zelda 1 + 2 + 3 but i got bored of them pretty quick. i read about 30 or 40 pages of a book i was looking at but i think i want to start looking for a new one, just out of ideas on what to read, maybe something slightly more thoughtful this time but i dont know what yet.
what did you do today neets
i remember in some david foster wallace interview how he was talking about watching tv and how even when he finds something captivating he is compelled to change the channel. i related to that alot and instead of sticking with one thing i end up bouncing around alot ultimately getting nothing done and not finding any real interest in anything.
does anyone have any tips on sticking with one thing?
i think im just gonna game more. im gonna play some more popular stuff that i havent tried. gonna test out all the mother games. i installed dragons dogma and digimon world for the ps1 but i havent played them yet. also was playing xenogears not long ago because i wanna try to get into a jrpg but i never can for some reason i just get burnt out in the hour.
I just made myself a really nice steak for dinner. I need to do some exercise in a bit and then have a shower, but motivation is always hard. Motivation for everything is always hard. Other than that, I've just been mindlessly listening to audiobooks, not really paying attention to them, just using them to blot our my own thoughts. 
Same as yesterday, same as tomorrow.
I am a NEET until July
I just woke up had an edible and am sipping on a mix of Diet coke, water, and arizona tea
what audiobooks? ive been thinking about reading a bunch of shitty fiction books just lieing in bed on my phone. i tried one but i couldnt really get into it, i dont know what im into really despite seeing most of the shit people post about 1000 times. i wanna figure out a better way to find stuff other than skowering the 4chan hobby board archives.
I woke up, walked my dog, made chicken nuggets and have been watching Twitch all day while writing stupid shit. It's a surprisingly productive day today, despite how awful I feel. Played some CK2 earlier too. I managed to get an Immortal viking for my campaign so I've got like 4 bloodlines, reformed Germanic(with incest marriage and ancestor veneration) before like 1000 AD. He's also a genius with a Genius wife and two Genius concubines(his daughters). Fun stuff, but I'm trying to get the duelist bloodline from him too and then I'll kill him off to get an ancestor veneration bloodline from him(also another wolf warriors bloodline).
If it all works out then I'll have 5 bloodlines coming from one character(Immortal, Viking one, Duelist, Another Wolf Warriors one and Ancestor Veneration).
Dracula, currently. I've really not been paying enough attention to have formed a coherent opinion on it, and I can't say that's the fault of the book, nor of the reader.
What I kind of want to do is read them out loud myself, I guess I find that more interesting? I know that's quite weird though, and I don't think anyone else would be particularly interested in hearing my renditions over the many, many others done by significantly better readers who can do proper voices.
i finally threw away some leftover spaghetti that has been sitting on my counter for maybe a week now.
smelled like cat shit when it hit the garbage.
i want to live in japan but you need a degree to do that
i dropped out of school
so it's over for me
I mean couldn't you immigrate without a degree? Why would they specifically require you to have a degree?
you need a bachelors degree to work there
a NEET like me has no hope
