be me raised in the ghetto by white trash
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
mom mooches off her parents
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
now raised with old christian family
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
mom tried to alienate me from religion
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
parents are deadbeat pieces of shit
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
still try and force me in to christianity while trying to get me to blaspheme the lord
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
stop listening to parents and trust in jesus
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
read the bible daily
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
hide my blatent sociopathic tendencies and announce to my friends i am christian
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
life gets worse the more i follow christianity
Why is god punishing me? What is the message?
completely snap during my teenage years, give up on god and become athiest
It is Allah. Seek Islam.
for the first time in years, a voice of consience comes in to my head
It is Allah. Seek Islam.
not in a schitzoid way, just genuine moral questioning
It is Allah. Seek Islam.
Fast forward into my adult years... Should I reveal to my parents I have converted to Islam and make things right?
No. The thing you should do is kill yourself for being an embarrassment to your parents, but feel free to tell them in your note so that they aren't as sad about your death
What do you mean? You are an adult so it doesn't matter if you tell them you are Muslim or not 
Unless you want to save them and persuade them into thinking about converting
I'd advise against it. do your best to hide your conversion but keep in mind that it's only a matter of time before they discover it. simply try to make them accept islam by innocently points that make sense while they're still oblivious to you being a revert
I want to bind you to my mules and walk you through the desert sun. I would make you pray to the Christian god and cut off your hands and feet if you wont. I would carve out your eyes with a spoon and make you regret your pledges to that false idol of yours, "allah"
If its safe for you, you can come out about your beliefs. If I was you I'd try to advise your family that associating partners with God (ie Jesus is the son of god) is a massive sin and try to get them on the path of strict monotheism. This is something God wont forgive. Maybe show them trinity vs tawhid debates, Mohammed HIjab is a really good speaker I'd advise you to look into him.
literally got it all wrong op.
make you pray to the Christian god and cut off your hands and feet if you wont.
Oh Hello, Pharaoh Ramses II,
"The magicians could not but fall in prostration. They said, "We believe in the Lord of the worlds, The Lord of Moses and Aaron." 
He (The Pharaoh) said: " I will cut off your hands and your legs from opposite sides. Then I will crucify you all together." 
Pharaoh said, "You have believed in him before my permission. Undoubtedly, this is a plot you have designed in the city, so that you may expel its people from it. Now you shall know (its end)."
He (The Pharaoh) said: " I will cut off your hands and your legs from opposite sides. Then I will crucify you all together." 
(Qur'an 7:121-126)
NTA but that's pretty neat, based pharaoh
Can you refill me on Islam OP?
There's also many sights that will send you a free Quran, I emailed a mosque and they gave me one for free.
I meant to say redpill instead of refill but it got autocorrected. Embarrassing.
ok retarded but ok
Mohammed had a 9 year old wife that he raped. Why would you want to follow a religion like that?
This is such a low IQ argument. If youre a follower of any major religion you throwing stone whilst living in a glass house. Regardless, your point is dismantled in a single sentence; childhood is a post modern concept. That being said for a women to get married in Islam she has to be post-pubescent, agree to the marriage and her parents have to agree to the marriage as well.
Christianity is complete bullshit. First of all, what does repent mean in Christianity? Is it following Christianity, trusting in Jesus/God/"Holy Spirit", both, either? Why does Christianity just speak of the wicked who aren't Christian instead of preaching the fundamentals of repentance? The Quran answered all of my questions literally within reading 3 sections, to TRUST in Allah and accept his blessings. Also, why is polygamy wrong? It is never explained. Last but not least, why is a single prayer never answered just "le temptation keep going".
Why are Muslims such relativists? You guys always pull this shit to justify this.
What is that supposed to mean?
You're just making excuses for wanting to molest children. Don't try that bullshit with pointing to other religions, if everyone was raping 9 year olds it still wouldn't make it right. Only goat fuckers could invent such a degenerate culture where children are sold as slaves to old men.
Because the religion is designed to accompany man till the day of judgement. Would it make sense for the religion that has spanned thousands of years to provide an arbitrary number on marriage? Is it fair to judge a man who grew up in Arabia over one thousand years ago, when the average life span was significantly shorter by todays standards? Would it be fair if someone judged you by tomorrows standards if that arbitrary number was to go up? The three conditions of marriage I previously metioned universally applicable
Islam isn't suggesting to molest kids. First of all, the consenting father helped sort things out. Secondly, again, conventions back then likely made children mature faster than a 2023 child. Islam doesn't advocate for molesting minors, if not only do the parents keep the child safe, but also with modern conventions you still must be much older, what is the harm?
What is that supposed to mean?
Youre literally too low IQ to understand, google it
Don't try that bullshit with pointing to other religions
why because you dont like being called out for being a hypocrite? or is it becuase the apostles married eleven yo's? or is it projection because the Pope and his friends touch little boys?
I think its pretty degenerate living in a culture were the age of consent is lower than the age you can leagally get married basically promoting sex before marriage.
They consummated the marriage, thus Mohammed raped a 9 year old. Worshipping him as a prophet is an endorsement of his actions, rape included. Everything you're spewing is the drivel of retards, I've read of Irish captives being sold as sex slaves to Northern Africans, those sold included children. It's an undeniably degenerate culture and clearly you've adopted it with your bullshit about maturing. You're accepting a child rapist, stop pretending otherwise.
Worshipping him as a prophet
Muslims themselves would call out and distance themselves from anyone doing this lmao. We're not idol worshippers like you, we dont worship the creation instead the almighty that created it. Please be very careful, associating partners with God will not be forgiven, repent.
you are very retarded my friend, youve convinced yourself this nonesense is real. Heres some advise, maybe go a read a Quran and see what it actually says
I think answering this question pretty much covers everything else you brought up, but the answer is yes. If they are able to improve the understanding that we have for ourselves in such a way that demonstrates I did something bad or harmful, then yes it would be fair for them to judge me, and they absolutely should. I don't hold my self up as some sort of ideal man whose example should be followed by all who come after me.
Become Christian instead brother. It is only through through Christ's sacrifice on the cross that sins are forgiven. The devil will attack you and try to make you leave Christianity because it is the only way to God.
It at the very least requires you to see a grown man having sex with a little girl as not bad (i.e., not sinful).
Jesus helped the poor. How can then a Christian man tell another Christian man to not help the poor. If you use the same logic, how can a muslim man tell another muslim man not to molest 9 year olds. Well they can't because that practise still happens. What countries still have no age of consent? Muslim countries. Aisha wasn't even mature for her age, she was still playing with dolls. Read Sahih al-Bukhari 6130. Muhammed even took the wife of his adopted son.
