but anon, the full scientific consensus is that trans people exist and are valid! You're technically doing the same as denying any other scientific principle. You're practically a flat earther! 
How do you respond, Chud
I don't understand why people are so focused about muh genders or what shape the earth is when we're all fucking wageslaves and will never buy a home
*gets hit by suicide beam*
OH NO
*takes hrt*
AAAH
*sucks dicks*
AAAAAAAH
*still look like a man but with a dress on*
GOD HELP ME 
*dies*
---------------------------------------
What should I eat for dinner later tonight bros?
What are you going to eat?
How do you respond, Chud
Nice strawman fucko, but my objection isn't that hypothetically some real troons exist.
My objection is that most of so called "transwhatever" aren't said whatever.
They are mutilated and delusional members of opposite to said whatever.
And through their own stupidity they chose to become eunuchs.
Any other stupid questions?
P.S.Picrel- OH THE IRONY!!!
Though I agree Bible thumpers,other religitards,feminists and far right retards will always have a problem with Trannies,the average person is much more concerned with kids going through to medical procedures and the state forcing you to accept that just because they thought they were the opposite gender.
If I was a research institution I'd take money from a pharmaceutical company any day of the week. Who gives a shit about lonely neets who decide to transition it's total valid now where's my paycheck.
Eat some tendies, that's what I'm eating later
Invasive medical procedures is just a part of the all the problems of the industrial society. I'm pretty sure that if tomorrow kids were given any future but being forever a clog in the machine of wageslavery, they wouldn't be all so mentally ill and tempted troon out in mass.
No mass trooning is happening amongst kids. It's just that people fear that any kid who has some weird fantasy of being a girl who be designated a person with Gender Dysphoria with only cure being trooning out or you are a chile abuser braking law.
It was also the scientific consensus that antidepressants work and that depression is caused by chemical imbalance or that COVID came from animals. The whole point of science is that it can be wrong.
objective science is a mem
