femanons, do you ever get breast envy? If so why?
Mine are big, but extremely saggy and droopy. I will never show them to anyone. Im still a virgin exactly just because Im insecure both about my ugly tits and my outie. Feels bad
no retard because all women past puberty have breasts. tranny farming thread.
Are your nipples not sensitive too?
sag comes with big milkers tho, how big are the areolas? that makes or breaks titties
Your tits, hand them over. I need stimulation for my penis immediately
Hey man, who the source to the pic?
Does she do hardcore?
Gee that sure was hard
i always liked having small boobs bc it made me feel petite &amp; cute and imo looked better in clothes
UNTIL
i got a bf that would never refer to my boobs as small, like he'd always call them big when he complimented them (even tho they're clearly not) as if he was trying to make me feel better about it or something.
and when i told him like oh it's ok to call my boobs small yk im not insecure about that, he didn't get it ?? like he thought that would be rude or something.
and idk maybe i was overthinking but that was the only time i acc got insecure bc he clearly saw small boobs as a negative that he had to make me feel better about.
theres an entire sex act that revolves around not being a chestlet, so bigger is kinda better in that sense?
Nah not really, guys are into different things and as long as you have a pussy they will like you
i think breasts are amazing and dont feel envy really ever towards other womens tits i mean sure i can look and really admire a nice rack but i feel pretty content with my little C cups and am glad i dont have a rack like OPs picrel cause damn her back must hurt and imagine the under boob sweat and i enjoy never being forced to wear bras thats the main reason now that i think of it id be mad if my boobs were too big to go braless
honestly yes. mine are right in the middle where they're not small but not quite big either and i hate it. i wish they were really small or really big, no in between
what a delicious pair of tits. I would dump 3 gallons of cum all over them every time I can, holy shit they're perfect
I smell COPE
she's not shitting on them for appearance, she's talk about the practical implications of having boobs that big.
god men are so dumb they'll never understand
I was anorexic from age 14 to 18 and I just stopped caring after high school. I was like 5'7 90 something lbs throughout high school and I'm at 172.3 today. I had zero tits and ass and now I have a 36K. If I'd known every ounce of weight would have gone to my T&amp;A, I could have been stacy tier.
Well shit, guess I am retarded
Thanks anon
big areolas are the best kind
we typically don't have tits so yeah, no shit.
this anon gets it, 10/10 taste
honestly, I prefer them even a bit bigger...
Discord? Yes I am indeed horny
Literally just get pregnant lmao they're called mommy milkers for a reason
look at how big, full and round the ones in OP are lol
how big anon post examples
Abstract kind of feel
yeah i'm envious of flat chested girls fuck these useless lumps of meat hanging off my body
I like B cups, just small enough where not wearing a bra is possible and might not even be noticed, but can definitely be a cute handful and fun to play with
it's crazy how normalized being fat is
the belly button always gives it away
i'm glad i like fat girls
At least you understand how bad they are and that you must hide them to save yourself unending shame.
how big are they to make you even feel this way lmao
Mine are a handful but not more then that. I get noticed but I keep them hidden mostly. I wish I had more curve like some women and think I would have more confidence because it seems like guys prefer big boobs but I dunno
i mean whats the shape and nips like? I feel like it really depends on that rather than just how large they are
I love big boobs so you should hand them over POSTHASTE
nope desu i like being flat-chested.
i can wear crop tops/low cut tops without it looking too raunchy and i haven't worn a bra since i was like 14 lmao.
they don't sag much, not really big enough but I don't have big nipples like guys seem to really like
they're somewhere in the USA hahahaha
good thing Im in the US. I will now go on a quest to find the mommy milkers to suck on. Also the size of the nipples is fine. Ill be licking them regardless bwahaha
femanon whats the cup size and areola color they are sounding kinda perfect
I used to, because I have small boobies and always have. There's something about big full boobs that just looks incredible and I can never have that. I've accepted that though and am okay with it.
He wanted to compliment them
Doesn't matter if they're all pretty big. They all can be grasped, are soft, have nipples. All boobs are big if I like them. Idk that's how my brain thinks of it; I guess that's dumb
there is no point in having big boobs if you can't show them to anyone because they are hideous
first two are great, last probably is unnoticeable. tf does that even look like on tits?
sometimes it is barely noticeable, but most of they time it's pretty easy to see. big red spots on the boobs. i want to get laser therapy, but i have not found a place that would do that on boobs so idk if that is even possible
I have like nothing. But that doesn't bother me much. Big tits are anying asf I heared from other girls.
what's your discord so i can compliment those mommy milkers femanon
Lotta dudes like small boobs, you should be content.
i'm too insecure to send you nudes/lewds on discord, darling
Awh babe but youre sooooooo hot. Plus I have a huge cock
Surgery
Do you wear tomboy chic?
I have never touched small boobs. May I?
Just touch your chest, man. It is literally the same. Bodybuilders have bigger chests than chestlets
heh, chestlets and trannies definitely have some similiarities
Aehm no ...
its okay i'll still compliment and stuff now hook a mf up
No, implants do not look natural most of the time. Or feel natural from what I hear. Would rather stick with small tits than fake tits.
post ur discord tag
ska2#7787
lmao first person wasn't me, try cyde9595#6117
They've come pretty damn far actually
karokan#0116
