Do you ever get over being emotional abused or am I just like broken forever now?
Redditor or a foid?
No.
op's mom didnt let him stay up past 10pm when he was a kid
Void I mean foid 
Oh..
So like Im always gonna be insane now..like thats just it? One wrong person and thats it? I only ever got to date him and hes just destroyed any relationship I will ever have? I cant cope with this anon
More like my bf took a really nice emphatic person and took advantage of that and now im like unhinged
theres always a better person for you out there. it doesnt matter what he did, a good person will always fix it on you
How did he take advantage of you?
I dont even have friends anymore. I barley see my dad. I think everyone hates me. I smoke weed cause its the only thing that numbs all the bad stuff inside. I use to be so happy and hopeful. Now Im just gray constantly. I use to read romance novels and day dream about life and now when I go to be I think about living in a big empty apartment by myself. 
He took advantage of my kindness and simple nature. Like I would do anything for him and just let him treat me like trash and make excuse for it or just blame myself. He hit me with things like pillows and I thought not a big deal. But he would do it as hard as he possibly could. I barley cry anymore. Cause if I would around him it would make him more mad. I use to cry at silly dog videos just cause they were cute
Yeah, but what did he actually do? Hitting you with a pillow isn't a big deal. I guess if he did it full force it would mean he had repressed anger towards you which isn't good but what's the big thing that he did to mistreat you?
Dont date Chads out of your league next time i guess.
It was like these tiny things he said 
Like if I didnt save $40 of my own money for him then I was irresponsible. Picked me up by hair. Yelled in my face. Would ignore me cause he knew it hurt my feelings. Push me. Tell me that no one liked me. The list goes on and on
I would get excited to talk about things cause if the tism and he would call me annoying. I like bears a lot and I just wanted to tell him neat bear facts 
He wasnt and pretty sure chads dont hit girls like dude dont just dont
Chad adjacent are average to women nowadays. Also they kind of beat the shit out of women because they can get away with it.
well 4chan definitely isnt the place to be when you are unwell. do you have a discord or something?
Jeez, that sucks a lot I'm sorry.... I guess going to therapy would be good, but talking about it with those close to you first would be ideal. That's how I'd deal with it, at least
Well he wasnt 
No I dont 
I have like normal social media like instagram 
I dont wanna tell my dad 
He will pity me too much and I dont want him to see me like that. I could try therapy I guess but talking to a stranger in person like that makes me uneasy
well, if youd like to talk a bit more about this feel free to post it. believe it or not, there are people that understand this stuff, including me, but being on 4chan when you are going through that isnt good for you
He will pity me too much and I dont want him to see me like that
If he loves you he won't judge you for it. Why don't you feel safe opening up to him?
It's their job to ease you into it at first. You don't have to dump it all from the beginning. It's way less scary in practice
Will you post yours pls so I dont have a bunch of weird pervs add me 
Its like behavior I was use to because my mom fucking sucks. So like I already kinda hated women now I dont like anyone
Female literature everybody
wtf why won't men buy books made by women wahhh".
I want my dad to be proud of me.. this will ruin that 
Yeah but idk they could tell other people its putting a lot of faith in a stranger 
If your gonna comment rude stuff at least make sure its on topic
I want my dad to be proud of me.. this will ruin that
Why would he be less proud if you told him your problems? Everyone has problems. What makes someone great is if they actually put in the effort to overcome adversity, and talking about it with the people in your life who give a shit is the first step
They're legally obligated not to. It's called client confidentiality
Also you hating on women isnt very original like no offense but maybe develop a personality outside of hating women and 4chan it will do you some good.
yeah sure, its lerki59
 Why would he be less proud if you told him your problems? 
I feel like he will think I am like my mom and I dont want that. Shes an entirely different beast and he hates her. I dont want him to hate me.
I wanna be strong like he taught me to be 
Yeah but people break rules all the time. I dont really like people knowing me. Not anymore at least.
