Is it possible to learn to sing as an adult? I am horrible at singing but it's always been my dream to be good at singing.
You will never be good at singing
:c very discouraging
You'd have to find your own style. Each person has a different voice and cannot sing in every genre. You age isn't a problem. But please, do not drink or smoke.
it is just about strengthening your vocal chords and following a teachers guidance 
Get lessons and break your voice over and over
Yes.
Pick your favorite song and just Humm or whistle the pitch and tone until you know it by heart.
Then sing it with an open mouth, pretend your filling a whole room.
Then record yourself and practice.
Post voocaroo for advice
you can get better at singing
you might never be good at it but of course you can improve
professional singers train every day
just look at those tv shows where they take mediocre amateur singers and train them up to be decent
Lol tv shows.
i'm not saying i watch them but you must at least be familiar with america's got talent, the voice, or whatever regional equivalent you have
I've never seen any of those. Lol what the fuck.
There are singing exercises on YouTube. I think that might be a good place to start if you don't want to outright pay for singing lessons.
where are you from? talent shows have been around for decades
i suppose you're a younger zoomer and just never saw any tv
here's the premise
"""normal""" people apply to audition im front of some judges
some of them are crazy but some of them are good
some number of them get selected
each week/month or whatever they perform
the judges + audience vote for who they like
they losers are kicked off
keep going until there is a winner
i'm positive they still exist but i don't even own a tv
they became less popular because the winners stopped becoming de facto pop stars, at least in the uk, but for a while the x factor was a big deal
anyway you would see decent amateur singers be trained and develop into professionals
Ahh humiliation ritual 
Ouch. Nah I'm 37 just do not own a TV or talk to normies
me neither i just grew up in a house that watches tv
i suppose i had a job but now i don't talk to anyone irl beyond pleasantries at the store or whatever
maybe you were on the other end and they didn't exist when you were younger and exposed more to normals
yeah they are just for lunes to humiliate themselves on but there would be a few genuinely skilled people
susan boyle is probably the best example of a crazy person who could actually sing and the show brought to fame
it's a gross exploitative program though just like jeremy kyle and the like
tv is disgusting
How do I figure out the right style to sing in?
you sing and listen to what you're good at
Yes i do believe you can learn to sing as an adult it may help to have a voice coach though to really guide you and teach you how to control your voice
