Recommend me a dating site that lets me filter out non-virgins please.
OkCupid
Reddit
That's it.
What about dating on 4chan?
The only virgins are guys
A preschool.
The vast majority of women already have lost their virginity by 18.
Yes even the ugliest girl you can think of has already lost her virginity by 18.
Even picrelated had "a couple boyfriends" before she met her husband Curtis at 18 so a normal looking 5/10 girl probably has a bodycount in the 100's by the time she turns 18.
The only way to find a virgin wife is to start dating while you're still in school its too late now.
But maybe you can get some "born again virgin" whore to roleplay as a virgin for you and pretend she broke her hymen with a dildo or something and you can be willfully ignorant of her gangbangs.
This. If you are somehow still a virgin male past 15, you are low IQ
/r9k/ is great for that, but they're usually illegal so it's not ideal.
Every woman has sex with the same group of men.
They arent just saying yes to every person and fucking the first 100 men that walk up to them.
Nobody gives a shit about that. There is no more reason to be a virgin man unless you are 13 years old
Do women have double the std rates of men because they are having lots of lesbian orgies or something.
Because the penor has thicker skin and is less accessible than the vagene. Women need to use special soap just to wash that puss lol or their immune system gets fucked.
Anyway, whether or not the ratio of absolute retard men is on the rise, the guys who wait until after high school to have sex deserve to suffer, I am based
That's not true. You're just tryingto demoralize.
Retardation.
Biological facts are not demoralization. Women get married to their first sexual partner in their teens, and you missed your chance
Fact of the matter is even in the super degenerate US 29% of women aged 18-25 are virgins, not to mention the fact that less degenerate countries have even higher rates of female virgins. It's not impossible to find a virgin woman, especially if you are willing to date long distance.
How does one get a long distance virgin gf
You go on OkCupid and set the location to worldwide and put people who answered the are you a virgin question with no as unaccaptable. That or go on soc or a subreddit for virgins dating each other.
No way in hell that isn't a paid feature over there
The questions are a standard feature and you can see peoples answers. Premium features are unlimited likes and dealbreakers(the system filters for you instead of having to do it manually).
Even if you don't want to pay for it you can filter out the non-virgins manually by just looking through their profile.
Just go on OkCupid where women rate 80% of men as ugly.
You're just looking for excuses now. Even if most of them think you are ugly there is going to be some that find you attractive(unless you are a Nosferatu)
How many people has the average young woman slept with. I don't want to date a woman with a double digit body count.
ive fucked 2 virgins in my lifetime.
not roleplaying
its pretty awesome.
You'd only filter the virgins
How do I find virgin women to date?
Don't ask for such high standards unless you offer something on the table like money and a good job
NTA but I'm rich and very successful and would gladly support a stay at home wife if she was virgin
Did you get married in your early 20s?
No, lmao I'm a 26 year old virgin
It's crazy to me someone such as your skill set who's clearly intelligent is unable to get pussy. It's really crazy to me. And I'm not trying to be insulting either. Whenever I get any money as a NEET I go to the local massage parlor.
Theres no way you are successful in anything.
I honestly don't think I could even get it up for a prostitute, it has to be someone I really care about. I think that's the biggest thing holding me back, I have had dates before but they don't seem interested in really talking, and I'm not going to fuck someone I know nothing about. Also, you may be overestimating how smart really successful people are. I am basically a high functioning autist, and half my coworkers are borderline retards, we just have a very specialized way of thinking that works well for technical problems
I'm a senior software engineer at a company that everyone has heard of. I have led major projects on infrastructure that handles requests from millions of users a day. I am not successful in all parts of my life, but in terms of my career I am extremely successful. I make enough money to easily support a wife + kids, but I doubt I'll ever find anyone. I honestly don't know why I work hard, I think it is just habit at this point
Dude, give yourself a few years you will get desperate and with all of that money you can afford prime pussy. I'm 32 so I'm just a horny old bastard. I don't believe in love I don't think I can ever hold a relationship I'm awful at it. But I don't mind plowiing some escorts.
To be quite honest many of the senior engineers I know in faang/mamamamam were just in the right place at the right time, not particularly bright or hard working. They are also all married but thats beside the point. Stay away from women you will probably treat them like shit
Stay away from women you will probably treat them like shit
Why does everyone assume this? I have never said a single mean thing to a woman in my life but everyone I talk to online assumes I'm abusive for some reason
why
Mainly due to experience. There are tons of guys just like you out there
NTA but that guy doesn't know shit about you. Just white knights who think they can pick out these weird incels. It's all projection.
Church lol? It doesn't matter which one either, any religion will do. There will be virgin women that are in early-mid 20s. Plus the church girl demographic is so sheltered and out of touch, even you would have a shot at seeming interesting.
Not sure why you all seem to think virgin women over the age of 18 don't exist. I think it's ironic that you want a girl who hasn't been tainted, when the majority of you would be the single worst thing that could ever happen to a girl like that if you actually became involved with one.
Not sure why you all seem to think virgin women over the age of 18 don't exist. I think it's ironic that you want a girl who hasn't been tainted, when the majority of you would be the single worst thing that could ever happen to a girl like that if you actually became involved with one.
THIS!!!!! Someone fucking gets it.
I fail to see why I would be the worst thing that could happen to a woman. Aside from wanting my partner to be a virgin I'm a pretty normal guy. I have friends, a good job, I'm not an alcoholic or a drug addict, I'm not violent, don't have any stds or weird fetishes. At worst you could say I'm stubborn.
