How do you reconcile this?
women see you as their wallet, protection, and free labor
boomers see you as their social security and frycooks
children don't like you
other young men see you as competition 
your parents only like your achievements so they brag about you to their friends
Why would a young man provide for a society that objectively doesn't give a fuck about him?
What exactly do you want all of society to care about/do for you?
Yes people treat each other as utilities. I think some degree of it may be because of capitalist thought, but this was also the case pre capitalist society so maybe not. At any rate, nobody will ever see you for anything outside of your utility. It is sad but true. I dont care about society, I am mentally ill so it would have me killed if they could cover it up or sweep it under the rug. I just leech off of it as much as I can.
Young men provide essentials job to society, they are the construction workers, electricians, city workers, plumbers, coal miners, etc. women say you aren't entitled to a wife, boomers say you aren't entitled to a house, so then what reason is there to even do those things? Society is a contract, and others aren't holding up their end of the bargain and I'm sick of it. Either they fucking fix it or they're will be more and more bodies pilling up in their schools and churches.
For money to support their own communities and further their own goals. Sure, the waging sort of lifestyle is on the way out, but one year of indentured servitude to some bank or sales team (assuming you have the qualifications) to buy yourself a lot more freedoms maybe worth it to some. I did this, and it allowed me to neet for a much longer time than if I did without.
Met a nice Chinese woman at my library and honestly I dont fucking care about all that. We have been dating for a few months and in august she is moving in with me. I literally dont fucking care.
your goal in life anon should be to look out for yourself and not this world that, as you've said, doesn't give a fuck about you. of course, most jobs, with exception of drug dealer, provides for society but you don't have to procure a job with that intention in mind. you should do it for yourself and not because you want to help with cursed, shitty 
just look out for yourself at the end of the day, anon. If no one else cares about you, you can care about you, anon.
they are the construction workers, electricians, city workers, plumbers, coal miners,
are you any of those things?
"so then what reason is there to even do those things?"
no he isn't, which is why we have a shortage
Alright bro
Just another fatass sitting on your computer complaining and not working, got it
No pussy no work pill saves lives. Take it.
"so then what reason is there to even do those things?"
origionali
I don't even care about pussy, I just want my own house. Whatever the hardest labor job in shortage is, I will go do that job right now if it meant getting my own semi-rural house.
Not anymore, but I was. I did utility locating work a decade ago when I graduated. Young men are treated as disposable commodities by this society and like the other anon said, the continual maltreatment of young men in this nation will only continue to add onto the amount of bodies with gunshot wounds collected out of stores, schools, etc. Not something I'd ever do, but I'm not surprised that it's happening in the amounts it is these days.
Find meaning that doesn't involve validation from other people. I recommend reading Nietzsche. It's a cold world out there
Good luck anon she probably wont cheat on you or use you as a wallet
