How do you deal with having a small and pencil penis?
Life feels completely pointless as a dicklet.
I'm almost 40 and still a virgin (I'm ugly as well)
this is not small by any means
Anon that's a pretty average dick. Not a monster cock but not a small dick either. Don't fall for porn dick length standards.
By offshoring my wife's need for big cock satisfaction to well endowed ebony men. Works out pretty well for us
You in good faith cannot call that a pencil. 
You look 80% percentile at least
less than 6 inches lenght
around 4 inches girth. way below average
how were you able to get a gf in the first place? weren't you nervous she would eventually see your small penis?
I already knew I was going to share her, I tell every girl on the first date I don't date loyal women.
some other pics here.
it's small.
you must be extremely good looking
less than 6
Looks pretty much like 6. Are you not accounting for the curve?
OP you've been mindfucked by porn and spammers on here. You have a pretty nice dick, don't let yourself be jew'd lol
Nah, it's small.
The most popular dildos by size are 12" and 10", women are literally fucking themselves with sex toys twice as big as you.
Less than 6 even with the curve
You fucking dumbasses, op is fishing for compliments about his cock.
t. Micropenis man.
That's brutal, anon.
What are you doing for your love life?
I think if it were me I would do one of 3 things:
1) Get a gf who can't have sex, like because she's paralyzed below the waist or has vaginismus or is just asexual for psychological reasons
2) Get into a cuck type relationship where my gf is a sadistic dominatrix who locks me in chastity and kisses me or pets my head as she's getting fucked by other guys
3) Go on hrt and become a tranny (works especially well since hrt tends to kill your penis meaning it'll be expected regardlees of if you date girls, other trannies, or guys that you aren't using your dick on any of them
brandon that you?
At least my pencil penis curves down.
OP here, I'm sorry for you.
I really wish there was something I could do to help you.
It's a shame scientists don't care.
My dick is smaller than this and no girl has ever cared
pics of yr dick
you probably have a fat dick and dont realize it
judging from your dick pic collage perhaps you enjoy the dick and are a homer sexual. Get grinder.
yeah your dicks not bad however im sorry to tell you that you didn't make it. you are NOT accepted at this time in the big dick brother hood society. If you can produce a bigger dick ,we shall evaluate it again. 
ps: big ups to my big dick brothers.
No dick pics for free but my stats are 5.25" x 4", no curve or anything. Just a lil'-ass cock. 
Not saying it doesn't matter, I'm just saying it's probably not the reason you're a virgin.
yeah I'm ugly as well.
