Employment Edition
Thread Questions:
Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) is an introspective self-report questionnaire indicating differing psychological preferences in how people perceive the world and make decisions. The test attempts to assign four categories: introversion or extraversion, sensing or intuition, thinking or feeling, judging or perceiving.
Don't know your type? Take a test here:
https://sakinorva.net/functions
An introductory article:
https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics
Is MBTI - pseudoscience?
https://pastebin.com/0jkuLMkc
Bibliography of Jungian and MBTI derived typology
https://pastebin.com/XJvFYQzT
Explanations of functions:
https://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php/Psychological_Types
Additional tests and resources:
https://pastebin.com/QK0uSJaT
A bunch of documents pertaining to Isabel Briggs-Myers life including letters and homeschool workbooks: https://ufdc.ufl.edu/collections/myersbriggs
Big5 OCEAN test
https://www.truity.com/test/big-five-personality-test
https://www.scienceofpeople.com/personality/
Previous thread: >>73137697 
your type
INTP
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
Codemonkey
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would
It's a stereotype for a reason 
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose
Drinking
Suicide
hitler was an infp
reminder to ignore and hide ALL anti-INFP propaganda. overly negative posts about INFPs are most often made by people with an untreated case of BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder) who were rightfully dropped by a friend / romantic partner who they deem to be an INFP
Turbie is a mistyped ENFJ.
no
Centaur is a mistyped INTP. 
maybe
INTJfemboi is a mistyped INTP.
maybe
Sophie is a mistyped ENFJ. 
no
Resident Polack is a mistyped INFP. 
no
Mosley is a mistyped INFJ.
no
India November is a mistyped INTP. 
maybe
Breeder is a mistyped ISTJ. 
no
ISFP Sophie Hater is a mistyped INFP.
no
firmament is a mistyped ENTP.
probably not
Megumin Anon is a mistyped ENTJ. 
probably
Apollo is a mistyped ENFP.
yes
pumpkin is a mistyped INFJ.
probably not
Homuanon is a mistyped INFJ.
yes
Prince is a mistyped INFJ.
no
no
NEET looking to get NEETbux but it that fails will try to work a factory/warehouse until that fails and then homelessness
your type
ENTP
what do you do for work?
NEET
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
Of course not. Nothing would actually, because I cant fucking decide what I want in life so I chose to waste away depressed. 
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Partying
Productivity, I hate myself
Which type would you rather be? I'm an ENTP but if i had to pick another type I'd probably pick INTJ since most of them seem to know what they're doing with their lives despite being absolute spergs
your type
INTP
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
neet
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
i dont know
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
browsing the internet 
luxury
Why no to Turbie, Sophie, and Mosley?
turbie and sophie are not extroverts. mosley is pure Fi.
your type
ISFJ
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
I work one day a week helping a boomer with his computer stuff
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
Yes I like helping people with things and showing people how things work. I also get a lot of trust and autonomy. It's also extremely low stakes, although I do wish he sold healthier and generally less evil products.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Playing low stakes videogames while listening to youtube and having 4chan open.
Luxury
Why are you confident in the "nos" but almost never say yes instead of maybe?
what kind of question is that? the maybes are the ones im not sure about
Alright fuckhead
your type
INFP
what do you do for work?
NEET
do you think it compliments your type?
Not without disciplined structure. My capabilities are being wasted and it furthers resentment towards life because I feel powerless to change it, even though I know it's within minel were I to feel the will to rectify story thus far. It's some disconnect between thought and doing born of prematurely evaluated uncertainty. Certainty in uncertainty, uncertainty in certainty... either you get it or you don't, scorpy have little patience for esplaining and that one of scorpy's biggest hang ups in life and instead of persevering through he take the drive thru approach of raisin roots
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
idk. Answer in haste is "Make cards/games", but then I think it should be writing, and only isn't because I find it stifling to my Ne I guess, whereas card games, like MMOs or tabletop settings, tend toward kitchen sink because they are to structure play, not static narrative, so allow wider, evolving design space, as well as working with others, which might not come easy with writing, unless I'm able to cheat by saying "Directing", but that seems more reducible than the question intends
Hard to know. I *think* I thrive in luxury because it frees my mind of problems to better tackle the fun ones, but maybe the fun ones stay hobby instead of profession because they're made scary without pressure. So balance seems innately best, but I want it in the form of complimentary environmental stability
idk, do i pref luxury if I'm less productive being NEET, but don't seem to care to improve my lot without promise of meaningful productivity leading to luxury (cos again, it is really important to my admittedly shallow ass (but is it?))?
Confusing being INxP. I genuinely feel like I can survive anything, I just don't want to, unless made to feel alive. So... luxury?
By the way, I'm not autistic or Asperger's. I'm experimenting with neuroplasticity.
I guess I misrepresented maybe to be closer to yes :s
It's true though calm down little muffin
I'm not a sperg. Please believe me. You don't understand.
How is megunon an ENTJ
Why is INFP not possible for Sophie Hater?
when has she shown any Ne? ive never seen an infp act like that
its a possibility. he seems pretty stubborn but it could be a shit test because he wants to be put in his place
a-anon
your type
INTP-T
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
NEET on NEETbux
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Having sex with hot bitches 
don't get what sense you mean here but I guess luxury
tfw no hateful isfp gf that pretends to be a gay man online
When has Sophie Hater pretended to be a gay man?
idk i remember her being a proud faggot at some point
she tries to hide it but she is extremely feminine
your type
Infp
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
Groundskeeper
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would
No not really and I don't know what would
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Sex or hard drugs
Productivity, atleast I'd feel something
How do I find a gay man online?
gay dot com
I'm genuinely furious. I can't even use gay.com to find a gay man online because even that's across the pond.
OK now that's better lmao
How do I forgive ENFJ-senpai for leading me on?
your type
Isfp
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
I'm a neet lol
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
The only thing it's complimenting is me wasting my time on vidya 
I really don't know what would fit my type. I don't care much either, I'd just need some stable way to make net gains on money without having to deal with too much people that I don't like
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Working on projects, I'd tell that to the evil genie to cheat my way into learned productivity
But then I saw something about sex so now I'd rather say "spending time with my perfect gf", I think that'd be more fulfilling 
Luxury definitely
Yep, I'm still disgusted by them, thanks for directing me to that website anon. The problem is that I still don't know who I'm meant to be attracted to. I used to say I restraigtened myself every time I interacted with a female, but meeting my cousin had the opposite effect, so it's like, I have nobody and nothing other than loneliness and to cry.
How does an ISFJ male find love?
Was this a d*scord thing? From what I've heard from other people, you're not alone, and from what I've heard from other people, that's something it's possible to take comfort in.
Luck
I think that's just a meme/people picking on her. What about her behavior would count as leading people on anyway?
You'd have to ask one of them, but in general I interpret it as covertly implying and giving off signs that you're interested in somebody despite having no interest in an actual relationship. An example might be flirting back when someone flirts with you, or maybe saying unprompted that you're looking for a sex partner.
Obviously 9 times out of 10 it's probably pure projection from horny INTP scrotes but that's how I understand it.
How do I become lucky?
Idk
https://strawpoll.com/polls/GJn47YlA7yz
I can barely withhold blushing in any conversations or interactions where I am permitted the slightest bit of sincerity. I don't understand how people can bear being so detached throughout so much of their lives, I can see it corroding them slowly over time, their expressions becoming more plastic, ossified, unreflective. I shudder to imagine all that is lost to sick, lurking torture. 
I couldn't think of anything more productive than untethered novelty on an empty white earth. I hope your difficulties give way to your purest form.
Please be my bf, Homu
the real answer here >>73169940
Yep, Homu is the only answer
It's so we don't have to put up with being embarrassed of course! Just how red do your cheeks go btw?
I wish I did puzzles with anons more often. 
The feeling of divine innocence and love, the most beautiful thing to run towards the horizon for, the most intoxicating hum in the sky, free from all vulgar description.
That's very sweet, I wish I knew more about you anon.
I'm not sure, it is enough that people have pointed it out often enough, and I can tell they notice even if they don't say anything, so I try to hide my face preemptively.
I'm still working on the 2300 peice one from 3 days ago! Also I think I left my pictures from Europe at boomer's place. I'll sort out some puzzles after both those tasks are accomplished ... eventually.
https://www.idrlabs.com/attachment-style/test.php
Also there's such a thing as too much of a good thing, leave them wanting more is a rule to live by
What the fuck are you talking about? Is the bad guy in this situation the walls of text person or the let them eat cake person
your type
INTj
I don't have a partner but here
what is neet life in chile like?
fellow Infp anon, what kind of hard drugs do you like? i've only done psychedelics but my experiences tend to be creepier than other people describe
i just start hearing about this kris fella, which Anon is he?
Seems like neet life any other country so far to me. Comfy but you know shit's gonna explode on you if you don't do something about it at some point
Does anyone read these big paragraph arguments? I don't lol
Only the ISxPs seem to hate paragraphs
yea sounds right, but neet life def seems comfier in most places than in amerikwa
Really? Wonder why it's like that
What's up with neet life in america?
I see, I never saw that one, and I look forward to that, also whenever Patchy anon and anonzzle come back. 
Perhaps, although it doesn't seem to be something I have control over, unless I force myself to disassociate in conversation.
Goodnight.
Idk you niggas always seem pretty straight and to the point, probably paragraphs seem unnecessary to you
Yes I should go to sleep as well. Sleep tight
in america family is more likely to kick you out and its impossible to get neetbux unless you're a whore with 10 kids
apparently another psychotic INFJ according to an anon in the last thread
They're still necessary to me, I've seen good paragraphs, you need them to communicate lots of information. It's just that you can usually judge a paragraph being a waste of time or not by simply glancing over it most of the time
Oh that really fucking sucks. You'd think with how the housing market is everywhere that you'd be less likely to get kicked out but I guess I'm retarded
Yeah but which of the two. The schizophrenic rant is very unclear and seems to implicate both of them at different points
no its boomer/gen x are retarded and don't realize how fucked things are for younger people
i'm not sure, either she's saying that kris was the one arguing with her, or that she was afraid to keep arguing because kris will use it against her
Oh wait. Is she the word-wall person? That might clear it up but I would need to reread and my head already hurts from the first 4 attempts
yes if it is who i think it is
Clearly, this poster is that sack of shit Lewis. He came back to shit up this thread again that disgusting fuck
As an INTJ I have to confess I wish I leaned more towards INTP. I envy their Ti big dick power and unashamed inferior Fe assertiveness. INTPs, you aren't all bad. Treasure the good things you've got. There are some faggots like me who don't have them.
Shit fucj shit shut the fuck up shit
Ah. Then I can stop playing coy and say that I am not the bpd boogieman she is scared of but rather Some Guy with moral scruples and differing opinions. It's sort of disquieting to know my communication habits are similar to someone who is said to be profoundly mentally ill and abusive but I have more than my own fair share of barbs and skeletons in the closet.
Sorry for causing distress, though I do still think your priorities are weird and affectatious and also you should speak English. Though I appreciate being called eloquent, even if it was just a mistaken identity situation.
I'd also like to add this is why summary anon is my favorite poster, he summarizes these long walls of text that would've otherwise been boring to read and makes them fun without his opinions getting in the way
Nobody had summoned him in quite a while innit? I wonder if that's latest walls of text are all understandable or are uninteresting on their own
shut up lewis. we know you're posting. you don't belong here.
your type
INTJ
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
NEET besides being a med student
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
Yes because I wear tracksuits and anime shirts all day
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Sleeping
which do you value more, luxury or productivity?
Productivity
post t-34
It aint finished yet
No
I don't really have any qualities conforming to being an ENTJ, only way one sees me like that is because I value efficency and I'm extremely loud. Although that last part is probably autism because sometimes when I'm home alone I scream loud for the fun of it
Ur website
my theory is summarylord is rx
You are an ENTJ loli
That one was thomas
See, an ENTJ would have finished the t-34 already
deboonked
Interesting prospect, however false
This
lmoa nice fan fiction
Thank you, I hadn't anticipated kindness; I hope it finds you back.
https://youtu.be/NMxS_qJPg-w [Embed]
your type
INFP
attachment style
ISFP
your type
ISFP
what do you do for work 
NEET 
do you think it compliments your type
Yes
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Having sex with Sarah Gadon
Productivity but I'm not productive
I'll add: Taylor Swift is an obvious ISFP and anyone who think she's an ESFJ is on crack
didn't you say the other day you dislike seeing people exposing their own vulnerabilities that could be used against them
what's the type for this very feel?
s*phie in the middle
I hate my wife
Kris is neither of them and has not been active in these threads for several years.
These posts here
were made by an Anon known here as Prince's girlfriend, purportedly an INFJ female
Hope that clears things up.
your type
im an old ass dude to even use this weird mental illness roleplay "entp" "intp" "lgtvmitsubishilancer" shit, im a 32 yo fuck who learned to social but hates every part of it
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
i work in a call center for an insurance company
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
i think this question is gay as fuck and makes me feel like a boomer
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
reading isekai mangas, playing ds3 and league of legends as kayn jg
luxury, producitivity is a word made by rich people to encourage poor people do shit they dont like
you don't, you love your wife
but do you >>73172327
yeah this part is sketchy af
No, she's legitimately a female. I have been on voice call with her before. She's real. The "purportedly" comment was in regards to her being an INFJ. I am not sure if it's something she's claimed herself or if it's just what others have said of her, but I am and remain skeptical of that.
Can we kill this meme before it takes off please?
It will kill itself
your type
intp
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
spacecraft engineer for space research
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
yes - filled with many similar personality types. problems require careful thinking and a holistic understanding of all systems.
personally - it doesn't provide any feeling of fulfillment. I am surprised that I want something that is more hands on and allows me to actually see the direct results of my labor. other people seem far more passionate than I am. I also don't enjoy how overly bureaucratic and tied down things are. it's understandable, but it's not conducive to the way I like to learn things. I like to see how I can break things to see how it works, and that doesn't work in this industry other than breaking simulators.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
vidya in a sandbox type/management/builder type game (eg. rimworld, cities skylines, dwarf fortress, minecraft, etc) mixed with 4x/strategy games
productivity - especially as far as myself is concerned. I don't believe myself to worthy enough of certain luxuries, and I especially don't like inflating my lifestyle expectations and making certain luxuries seemingly mandatory.
Seems very common for INTPs to have an affinity towards minimalism and caution towards luxury.
I think this phenomenon occurs because the preference is congruent with the INTP thought process.
Places can be very different and unique to me, because I never look at them just "in the way they are". It took me years to deeply realize, that website starting pages with news or mails on them are just that, starting pages. It's similar to a whiteboard IRL with a bunch of different notes and docs on them. These websites are designed to be SELF-EXPLANATORY. The details or different designs making them feel very distinct to me, triggering very different internal responses, aren't that big of a deal at all. I was genuinely shocked at that inner realization that they are all "the same", because finally I got it, not just as an idea, but I deeply saw it in that way too. They are all just meant to be simple overviews of certain aspects. What I did instead, was creating all kinds of complex inner macro records to use these tools, leaving everyone around me confused what I was doing until all of a sudden the desired outcome appears out of this overcomplicated approach. I often don't understand something as it is meant to be. Thats probably related to inner judging functions, I often confused that with perception, because of this resulting inability to connect the dots, which ironically I often can do, so there always was this weird contradiction of being able to be very random and utterly inflexible at the same time. Another thing about these personal impressions and understandings of objects is that within this personal framework, all these details many people overlook speak a certain kind of "truth", there are resources attached to these details, in a way they are almost more real than the tool itself. It's not that deep, it's like Fi perfecting culture, because it realizes it's not just about what people think is efficient (modern housing vs tourism inducing architecture $$$). I believe I'm Ti even though I'm also attaching metaphysical/"spiritual" associations to objects (yes that's also due to intuition, but Ti/Fi in itself does attach properties as well)
It seems like you are actually describing Ne/Si in the first half of your post.
It seems reasonable to me that you could be an INTP. Your post eliminates quite a few possibilities.
neet life in america is the most american way to live. take that as you will
Are there any other enfjs on/r9k/? Or am I just surrounded by a bunch of fucking introverted neet virgins?
Worthless
ENFJ-senpai and cooking/gardening/traveling ENFJ are actual ENFJs. Sophie is practically an ENFJ.
do you guys agree with this ranking of functions from most masculine to most feminine? I wasn't sure between Te vs Ne because I might be biased as a male entp
Define masculine
Define feminine
Explain what your choices are based on
define feminine
better yet, explain the relevance and need of categorizing functions within this axis
I don't agree. Te should be second or first. Middle is some mix of Ti/Ni/Fi/Ne.
ENTPs tend to be somewhat androgynous in both genders.
western social consensus
fun
Te is probably the hardest for me to understand but to me it seems like coming to your own firm logical deducions is far more masculine than outsourcing/finding group rationale for truth claims
hey look at that, retarded and sexist.
dont let anything cross the line, after that its whatever:
ST/FN
If the Te user isn't dumb, then following a group rationale is a potential road to efficiency. Except in a do-or-die scenario, it's fine to re-evaluate after something goes wrong.
Te is by far the better function to use in many scenarios, because logical accuracy is time taken away from your other goals when you don't need it.
I would say roughly:
Se
Te
Ti
Ni
Si
Ne
Fi
Fe
what makes it sexist
spacecraft engineer for space research
Have you ever came home from your job to relax just to boot up a spacecraft engineering simulator? 
vidya in a sandbox type/management/builder type game
Have you ever came home from your job to relax just to boot up a spacecraft engineering simulator? 
details or different designs making them feel very distinct to me, triggering very different internal responses
I think I kind of get what you mean. Like, does it manifest with you seeing same piece of news/article/content differently between each site it's hosted on?
creating all kinds of complex inner macro records to use these tools
I think I kind of get what you mean. Like, does it manifest with you seeing same piece of news/article/content differently between each site it's hosted on?
western social consensus
Extrapolating from it, each function can go either way, like in such (counter-)angles:
Se
Can be about tastes in appearances and fashion.
Ti
https://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php/Psychological_Types (same handy source further on)
Too "ungiving" through the lens of "western social consensus" to qualify as distinctly masculine.
it does not lead from concrete experience back again into objective things, but always to the subjective content
https://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php/Psychological_Types (same handy source further on)
Too "ungiving" through the lens of "western social consensus" to qualify as distinctly masculine.
Ni
Archetypes to "look through" can be appealing, handy or conductive for either of the s*xes.
Fi
You know how "western social consensus" is like about this.
Everything, therefore, that has been said of the introverted thinking refers equally to introverted feeling, only here everything is felt while there it was thought
You know how "western social consensus" is like about this.
Ne
Doesn't sound strictly feminine at all.
the extraverted intuitive is continually scenting out new possibilities, which he pursues with an equal unconcern both for his own welfare and for that of others, pressing on quite heedless of human considerations, tearing down what has only just been established in his everlasting search for change
Doesn't sound strictly feminine at all.
Te
Facts that don't care about feelings(TM).
Fe
Can be about maintenance of coherence of fraternity.
Si
How can you train for combat without impressions from the 5 senses?
Overall, the characteristics would be based on the person using the function, if anything.
A good choice!
Se users definitely have and listen to impressions from their five senses.
Oh no, I've left an awkward sentence...
As per the "manual," sensation in extraversion is more "real-time,"
extraverted sensation strives to reach the highest pitch of actuality
too "high frequency" compared to its directional counterpart
that hinges on impressions of moments that may have already stopped being actual, unlike the very impressions of them.
I don't believe some random guy's opinion when it clearly does not match up with reality.
I have in the past. usually avoid them at this point. i usually don't want to be reminded of work, and anything vaguely similar doesn't really get me sufficiently removed enough to be able to relax. that or I am not fond of how it's not close to reality at all, not that is necessarily what I want in the first place.
your type
ISFP
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
NEET (student) 
do you think it compliments your type? 
it could be worse I guess
what do you think would?
doing only whatever I feel like all day every day or some low-stress office job 
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
I would just walk around 
luxury
you're thinking of s*phie
your type
INTJ
do you like boomer humour
Probably - the example in your pic was alright for me.
I see... The anecdotes I've seen on this have an uncannily wide range on the like-dislike scale, for some reason. 
Quite understandable on its own, have a nice day.
how do I know if I'm an IXTP or IXFP?
Yes, people can be wrong. Every field worth exploring had experts who were corrected by people in the future.
Your claim is not only unfalsifiable, but also stupid when there's the obvious possibility of everyone forming impressions from their five senses.
Blindly following what others tell you is religion.
Not
in
Education 
or
Employment 
or
orihina
If anon is not learning as a student, you could make the case that he's not in education.
There used to be a web series that was broadcast on TV at night on some little niche channel. Although I already knew every episode in and out, I wanted my parents to record it so I could watch it the next day, simply because this is now such an interesting artifact. Instead of just thinking same episodes hosted on another medium, I saw this as its own version of a thing (which of course is common among nerds, etc. there are tons of uploads on social media about these kinds of things).
Now I know an ISFJ who displays similar behaviors but it's on such an extreme and close minded level that I simply can't think of myself as a heavy Si user. There again lies my issue of feeling open minded and weirdly rigid at the same time.
I am learning, just slowly
Congrats, you're not a neet, then.
kill yourself s*phie
maybe if you actually learned how to milk a damn cow you wouldn't be so useless
"but daddy does that!!"
what a fucking manchild you are
Who are you talking to? I'm pretty sure I don't see anyone you would be responding to here.
at least change your writing style idiot you still sound like a massive INxx faggot
Could non-profit collecting of media possibly be a consequence of influences of introverted sensation, then?
Every field worth exploring had experts who were corrected by people in the future.
Now I'm interested - did you have a correction you wanted to present here? I'd like to see it, then.
Blindly following what others tell you is religion.
A good thought, but an utterly irrelevant one at that.
Your claim is not only unfalsifiable
Within what realm, exactly?
the obvious possibility of everyone forming impressions from their five senses
And? Per theory of PT,* every functioning person uses every cognitive function in one way or another, with fluctuation in attitudes.
https://archive.org/details/jung-carl-gustav-complete/08%20Structure%20and%20Dynamics%20of%20the%20Psyche/page/n45/mode/2up?q=direction&amp;view=theater
Do you want to continue with your reasoning and claim that nobody thinks, feels, senses nor intuits, because... these processes are within everyone functional?
*and I've yet to see it to not apply to information coming from compilations of brain imaging studies that have definitions and concepts unrelated to flows of Jung's works. Maybe aside from imagination and aphantasia... Imagination is the only legit coggy function then, I guess?
Damn, that's a lot of spite for a thread I haven't even posted in. My dad handles the cow-related stuff because he wants to. I offered a couple of times to manage some of the stuff he does himself and he said no. It's his lifestyle, he enjoys hanging out with the cows, he enjoys being physically active.
I am legitimately convinced that most people who criticize MBTI simply misunderstand a bunch of shit. Complaints such as 
just shows ignorance of the topic.
why did you add that? i was just wondering about that
I do think so
Are you retarded? My point was about Se users definitely respecting impressions from their five senses. The reasoning does not follow.
You implied here >>73173434 that Si users have an exclusive command over impressions from the five sense.
When I called you out on that, you responded by saying that the "manual" said so. I disagreed with the "manual" and then you brought up Jung.
I made an observational claim, and you had no logical response to it. All you did was say that some expert said so. That argument is so dumb that people have a name for it - the "appeal to authority fallacy".
If all you can do is repeat what someone else says, there is no point in you studying MBTI. All your thoughts in this discussion are worthless because all you can do is deflect points.
I was not even criticizing MBTI.
And I never said you did.
stupid dumb isfp idiot
I actually don't disagree with the observation >>73174225 here, by the way.
Though, the critique is warranted with regards to the fact that all typology has to go with is observations and logical consistency.
If someone can model the functions mechanically and produce consistent brain scans, that would be one of the few feasible ways to bring MBTI into the academic mainstream.
A-Anono?
All you did was say that some expert said so
The very label "Se" is based on works of that some expert... It may be a wise choice for you to not employ it altogether if you see using man-made conceptualizations as "appeals to authority..."
I made an observational claim
This one?:
Se users definitely respecting impressions from their five senses
"Definitely" by what definitions that you can present here? "Se" users don't hinge on innervations or other synonyms to impressions,
It is, however, only concrete, sensuously perceived objects or processes which excite sensations in the extraverted attitude
unlike "Si" users.
introverted sensation is mainly confined to the perception of particular innervation phenomena by way of the unconscious, and does not go beyond them
https://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php/Psychological_Types
I disagreed with the "manual"
Yes, you presented expressions personal beliefs without anything else, which is as irrelevant to any argumentation whatsoever as it could ever be. Why get defensive over me being okay with your beliefs being beliefs? >>73173738
and then you brought up Jung
What do you mean by "then," exactly? Whom do you think had written PT that I had been bringing linked quotes from since the first post ITT?
all you can do is deflect points
That's really awful of me if true. May you present your unrefuted points of significance?
What would be the relevance of this, exactly? Do you think me being retarded or not would change the objective essence within the posts ITT and within Jung's written material?
Jung's works are based off of observational claims and personal beliefs as well. The way to evaluate it is to analyse the logical consistency, which you rejected from the get-go.
I wasn't aware that your belief in MBTI was strictly based off of faith. I accept your concession.
I've come to the conclusion that the world is a battlefield for idealists (intuitives) vs hylics (sensors) but enfjs/enfps and istps/estps are usually race traitors
Of course you can never totally control what other people feel, but I've always taken it to mean that it's better to stop too early than too late. You can always go further next time. Even if somebody dies before next time, you don't want their last memory of you to be going too far or boring/annoying them.
Maybe that's me just coping over my laziness and not spending all my time playing with beautiful intelligent people like you though. 
I won't be able to play anything tonight because its a "work" day, but that's a perfect opportunity for you to play something without me.
you rejected
[citation needed]
your belief in
[citation needed]
About that - the burden from all the suffering spirits of your claims that you've neglected by refusing to back them up won't clear itself out from your memory without your input, y'know?
it's true and its time someone says it
Hitler also killed himself, so the meme fits in thematically.
his C++ books are cool ngl
Hitler was an INFP during the 1890s and 1900s. He was an INFJ during the 20s, 30s, and 40s. Had he lived to see the 1950s, he would have become an ENFJ. The 1910s are unclear.
He became DEAD in the 50s. I know for a fact that a lot of people eventually become that personality type.
He became dead in the 40s, but I meant hypothetically lol. Given average lifespans he could have reached the 1970s or so if he hadn't an heroed.
type
ISTP
work
Student
fits type?
Sure
choose tunnel vision activity
Raping others
Neither
ruby chocolate is not a fruit turbie
Many people believe in the myth of ISTP students. They obviously don't exist, so keep calm folks. Everything is normal.
You're not wrong. I did almost drop out of high school twice and barely attend any classes in university.
Thank you, that was very nice, I will need to look for something in return.
Yes, it is sadly a necessity to deform oneself to adapt to expectations, but I can see that this eats people away eventually. Eventually it even becomes unconscious habit - they no longer see it happening. 
I'm not sure that there is a correct answer to this in the sense that you were seeking, but in practice I have most often seen thinking associated with animus and feeling with anima, followed by sensing and intuition, respectively. So from that a tentative answer might be, in order: thinking, sensing, intuition, feeling. 
As an aside, I would say that this, as with the functions themselves, would depend upon where one is within the individuation process, which at some stage may entail dissolving the psychological essence and autonomy of the masculine-feminine opposition, but that is a delicate topic perhaps.
Ok! If you wanted I think one good way to go might be, in order:
1. Man and His Symbols
2. Symbols of Transformation
3. Psychological Types
4. Aion
5. The Red Book
I believe that could give you a very good grasp and wouldn't completely overload you. You could even post your thoughts or questions here as you go, to help absorb them. I would also add that, in my opinion, it isn't always necessary to read things exhaustively to understand them, and you should take your time and only continue if you are enjoying it and feel you are getting something from it.
Yes, I think that's a good principle, at least, I don't think it's good to be having or displaying the same feelings all the time, and I couldn't do so if I wanted to. I suppose what I meant to originally convey was how much people detach from themselves in order to play a desired role, to the point that it becomes automatic and unreflective, where there is so little life left underneath the scar tissue. 
That's OK, I have some things to catch up on myself, but I hope we can do more soon.
for infps:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwyTleTL06Y [Embed]
why is it for infps
hate that shit almost more than java
your type
INPF
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
NEET
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
of course it does. INFP is the depression type that's never supposed to do anything useful. maybe a better job for me would be a musician or smth.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
imagining things that will never happen and thinking about other people's problems
both...
your type
esfp
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
too complicated to explain even tho its rly simple
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
yeah
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
couldn't choose
can't have one without the other
hi ESFP
hi and you are?
intj or intp idk, i don't see many esfps but they seem cute
oh I like those types, apart from the edgy retards who claim them
ur actually rly nice people and some of my best friends have been intj and intp
I don't really come on here much since my posts get ignored anyway
exfps are some the nicest people to me and the most interesting ive met
that sucks, you should post more, we barely ever get esfps here
exfps are some the nicest people to me and the most interesting ive met
oh you have no idea
I'm only an asshole to people who are one to me first
I can't promise anything but Im here now
there was that one pixelchick or whatever
people who are mean to exfps are the biggest dickheads desu
thats good enough for me
it's usual istx lmao
fuckem
istps can be either chill or assholes or both at the same time
istjs on the other hand are just lame for the most part as much as I try to give them a chance
Someone recently said Sophie is ESFJ?
yeah istps can be huge assholes i can imagine that
istjs are so boring to me i don't get them at all
have you met many of those types?
also wondering why ur confused whether ur intp or intj
i had an istj boss one time and it was terrible he would just blindly follow instructions and never listen to my suggestions or anything i siad. 
it seemed like he wanted me to like him but didnt know how to think or talk on his own at all
i get either intj or intp on tests sometimes, i have high ni and ti, i'm not sure which is dominent
were u working at a food service job or something
anything like that is mind numbing
they also get pissy at me for going "off script" or anything that doesnt conform to their idea of how things should go which I have no idea of
it was an office job, so yeah, very mind numbing. i don't want to do that shit again.
i could only imagine they probably want to micromanage how you talk to people, that sounds awful
how the hell is he an ESFJ?
wow ive never seen intjfemboi so feisty
Why are kids so obsessed with this stuff anyway?
Aren't they too young for it?
Same reason anyone is. Identity diffusion and problems in figuring out who they actually, really are. Normal in teenagers, but sad when it's adults.
your type
ESTP
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
Study programming, used to work in lab. Why? Because lab work pays shit and makes you do not so fun things.
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
Kinda yes, because Ti and Fe are very happy.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Variety probably.
Fun.
Depends on just how young you mean. Teens are plenty old enough. I think that by the time I was 7, I would have had some amount of interest in MBTI had I been exposed to it, though my interest wouldn't have been great and I'd have had trouble understanding much of it. By the time you get to 11 or 12, my relationship to MBTI would be similar to how it is as an adult and I'd have a lot of fun reading websites like PDB. You'd have to go all the way back to age six probably for me to have zero interest in MBTI and zero comprehension of it.
is emma watson really an estj?
she went full lebron james
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmay Day was yesterday, and the month has just begun~! (>^_^)>&lt;(^_^&lt;)
your type
INFJ-T!!! ^_^'
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
It's a secret, but I can say it involves programming... *^.^*;;;
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
I think it's better for XNTX-X types (except maybe INTX-Ts unless they're okay with being in the same position forever)! ^w^7 I imagine INFJ-T would be better suited for design jobs that are more humanitarian and more artistic, have more visibility, and have better opportunities for personal advancement and improvement! :3c
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Sleeping! @w@
which do you value more, luxury or productivity?
Both are important! In the ideal world, productivity would be rewarded with luxury! ^o^
Cute! *^o^*
Two years? I thought it would have been longer~! :O
Genius~! ^_^
1. Turbie: Cute thread mascot
:3
No problem~! &lt;(^_^)>
I remembered two more things:
- your 1st and especially 6th house may point to the weaknesses in your body~! :'O
- the cause of your death can apparently be predicted from your natal chart - or more specifically, the organs whose failure will cause your death or at least significantly contribute to it; however, this isn't always accurate~! :Oc
OwO
QwQ
PAST-A
UwU
It probably depends on the culture, but my impression is that it's a colorful and playful holiday with tasty foods and drinks, so I'm guessing EXXP-T! *_* :3 ^o^
Yeah, I think so, but that's just my opinion~! UwU
Well either way I hope Turbie will find this link interesting, too.
OwO
Someone based and skillpilled~? :3c
12 (>^_^)>&lt;(^_^&lt;) is kind of starting to be too much in normal circumstances~? :,O
...
...>>73177521
All the things she said, all the things she said
Runnin' through my head, runnin' through my head
Runnin' through my head
All the things she said, all the things she said
Runnin' through my head, runnin' through my head
All the things she said (All the things she said)
This is not enough (ya soshla s uma, uma)
This is not enough
_&lt;
&lt;3
Hitler as most people remember him was an INFJ-T! :'Oc
I think we discussed this years ago, but I can't remember what the conclusion was! Maybe an ENTX-T or EXTP-T trying to be an ENTJ-A/ESTP-A? :O
Hmmmmmm... :3c But didn't he get the job only because it was his father's company or something like that, and if I remember correctly, didn't Bret Easton Ellis himself say Bateman would only be qualified for hammering nails or something like that? :Oc
Could be unhealthy or neglected Fe (due to e.g. grip)? :'3
M-maybe...?
I won't shoot you~! (>^_^)>&lt;(^_^&lt;)
I thought he had more Fe and Fi! OwO
Turbie
M-me? Maybe if I had been an only child and grown in ideal circumstances! UwU
Maybe? Is cutting INFP? What's INFJ-T? Cupcake overdose? Provoking someone to kill you by hugging them? :3c
Ducks? ^w^
ENFJ
M-me? Maybe if I had been an only child and grown in ideal circumstances! UwU
Maybe? Is cutting INFP? What's INFJ-T? Cupcake overdose? Provoking someone to kill you by hugging them? :3c
Ducks? ^w^
&lt;(^_^)>
Maybe ESTP-A male or ESFP-A female; INTP-A anysex would be also cool! ^_^ I'm okay with being an INFJ-T, however~! :3
Fallout has Twinkies? I remember those from Zombieland, so maybe it's post-apocalyptic food? :3c
Download Grindr and get TOPPED? ^_^
I was going to say "be ISFJ-A" or "have some dichotomies almost balanced" or "be born at least 20 years earlier", but all of those can be ultimately seen as matters of luck! TwT
By opening chakras e.g. in meditation? :3
To be continued...
What's the difference between Ne and Ni?
Yes
The character she played is an ESTJ. I never heard anyone type the actor herself
...continuation of >>73177798!
I think I left my pictures from Europe at boomer's place.
You used an analog camera, o-or you have the only copies on memory cards? QwQ
I did this years ago but forgot the result! Maybe reactive-anxious or something? :'O
Does Taylor Swift post here? ^w^
INFJ-T and it's funny sometimes! ^o^
In my opinion, thinking is more masc and intuition is more femmy! :3
I think NEET is becoming one of those words that mean whatever the person using it wants it to mean, i.e. its definition has been reduced to a matter of self-identification (just like "robot" as an /r9k/ slang word)! :Oc
There's an ISFP Sophie Hater Hater? ^w^
observational claims and personal beliefs
I-is this an INFJ-T thing? :3
OwO
Also, checked! ^.^7
Hmmmmmmm... :3c
Not in this timeline! UwU
*glomps you* &lt;3
I'm sooooo happy you recognized me! (>^_^)>&lt;(^_^&lt;)
But ruby chocolate beans are technically fruits, right? :3
W-what language(s) do you like most? ^_^;
Yeah! ^w^
I imagine typical teenagers and maybe even preteens are able to gain a pretty solid understanding of MBTI! :3c
She might be! ^.^;;;
Goodnight! (>^_^)>&lt;(^_^&lt;)
If I remember correctly, she has a very low 2D:4D, which would suggest her type might be some kind of XXXX-A, maybe ESXX-A... :O
Pdb types her ESTJ
PDB changes its mind about her all the time, i can swear i saw her typed as ISFJ and INFJ in the past
Fe is his most observable function and I see little to no evidence of Ni.
he always talks about how people change from kids to being adults
could be either ni or si
I wonder if Rxy will marry her new boyfriend
fuck off Kris
Rxy has a new boyfriend? It seems like everyone here is finding one...
how many has she been through?
i was under the impression she hired an employee she hated the temperament of to test her mental resilience
She spoke of him last thread
I hope he's cute, she deserves cute
who else?
your type
INFP
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
Freelance developer
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
I feel closer to INTP desu so yes
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Sex
Love
all male regs
Yeah they're basically all in a 7 way gay poly relationship now
your type
INFJ
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
NEET
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
No. I need to be useful but social isolation made me passive.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Prayer
Productivity
why are you so mad about them having bfs?
SP 5: INTP
SO 5: INTP
SX 5: INTJ
SP 6: ISFP
SO 6: INTJ
SX 6: ENTJ
SP 7: ENTP
SO 7: INFJ
SX 7: ENFP
SP 8: ISTP
SO 8: ESTJ
SX 8: ESFP
SP 9: ISTJ
SO 9: ESFJ
SX 9: ISFJ
i want ENFPs in my life
Yes
ASDKA4
i dont know these people but the idea that languages existed that nobody knows anymore is cool
thats most languages
he's jelly
i fucking hate retarded feelers 4chan is shit now
shes just standing there menacingly
Head full. But head also less full. The new haircut didn't go so great, but managed to salvage at home afterwards.
Hmmm.
I can and sometimes do give (very) basic haircuts. I can make a leap of logic and say my "love language" has a physical care (physical touch? act of service? which/both?) side to it, because I like giving haircuts (among other things). I enjoyed imagining cutting my partner's hair, and smooching their hair at the end.
Is the reason you blush because of the feelings you get from knowing what you say unquestionably belongs to you from the heart, or because the feeling from being permitted isn't often?
My silliness increases as I become more sincere with people, I don't really blush. As if I'm happily and unashamedly channeling some sort of inner child who can tell his thoughts, desires and observations as they are, while having fun with being sincere like that.
Does this >imply anything about how I've kept to a more formal and serious facade in here? I suppose it does, but I believe it to be because of the platform, not the residents.
What are the chances it's because you're feeling down about things?
My answer to your friend--
I say I must be addicted to Zeds because I feel the withdrawal effects, so to say, from staying up so late. Things that make me feel down right now aren't the cause of lost sleep, however. These days I play vidya with some friends before going to sleep.
Asking for a friend.
My answer to your friend--
I say I must be addicted to Zeds because I feel the withdrawal effects, so to say, from staying up so late. Things that make me feel down right now aren't the cause of lost sleep, however. These days I play vidya with some friends before going to sleep.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Another unrecoverable addict of the Zeds substance. Rest in peace and sweet dreams.
Sleeping
Another unrecoverable addict of the Zeds substance. Rest in peace and sweet dreams.
12. India November: Should sit on my face
I'm going to count that as you "saying nothing" as intended.
I haven't not considered it.
lol they've got you guys scared beyond belief
no because we're onto his shit
the guy ranting about twitterniggers is right though.
your type
INFP
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
CEO of neets
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
Yeah, probably
Artists often seem to be associated with it Bladee is INFP 4w5
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Making music
Getting in the flow of it feels cathartic
All that exists is you, the sounds, their emotions, here, now, in the moment
No worries, no fears
When reading this question earlier, I remembered it as "what would you do if you were isolated on an island forever", for some reason
In that case, if my doings on it would be discovered in the future, the answer would stay the same, leaving a legacy, transmuting my energy into something perceivable, graspable, experienceable, is of high importance to me, I wish to alleviate, enhance, experiences of.. someone who would is like me at the very least, ideally many more
I am unsure what exactly this question is intended to ask.. 
I guess, I want to be someone who produces, rather than consumes, latter being something which I would more so associate with luxury, as consumption feeds on what is, and and production nourishes on what could become or something like that
Vehemently opposing the idea of catering to a wider audience, presenting his ideas to the "masses" at first, ultimately caving in after a dream in which he did just that in a public speech, convinced by the means of a dream, ending up writing a book, intended to be accessible, 11 days before his death, about the meaning of symbolism and dreams, which reveal the subconscious of man
atleast that what I got out of the introduction
banger
meow
the whole thing was a spectacle for retards from the beginning it wasn't the simmons thing that ruined it
Who is SO 4 then?
you should see a doctor and get some help, tranny
don't like the spotlight huh?
INFP
lol the schizo thinks I'm his e-gf that has him scared
yeah I'm not. Take meds
Makes sense, I suppose.
The sales person I interacted with today reminded me of Rx. She spoke of the men she manages in a negging fashion and downloaded a whip crack sound app for her phone which she was getting a kick out of and she has a massive mug and helped me make hot chocolate and now I'm all bothered
I would like to skip from the first chapter of "approaching the unconscious" to the third one of "the process of individuation", the latter describing the harmonization of the conscious and unconscious, (I think), because that subject is of most importance to me
Recently, I jokingly remarked on how whenever I intent do do something, or refrain from doing something, I often end up doing the near complete opposite, and it made me think of the different tugs and pulls in my inner world, which is something I have been contemplating for a long while 
I feel like I have the "grasp" on what I *should do* do achieve what I want, yet a tremendous amount of actions I perform go almost directly against that, making me wonder why that is
I have awareness about matters of conscious and subconsciousness, which I picked up whenever sometime, but its nothing concrete
W-wait I was going somewhere with this.. I had more thoughts.. deeper insight.
I am getting enabled to ingest poison because I lent money.. q.q[/spoiler
Anyways, thank you very much for the list, "Man and his Symbols" truly deserves its spot in it, intended to be easily readable, and imo explaining the most profound concept in psychology
do you like cats btw[/spoiler
She's living completely rent free apparently
Okay okay of course I messed up my post and all.. 
What I meant to ask is, does it matter if I dont read Man and His Symbols in chronological order and skip from chapter one to three?
I mean, the order of chapters has to have a reason behind after all.. but I want to get to the meat of the interplay of the conscious and subconsciousness, and the means of uniting them, as Jungs main messages seems to be the following: 
"The Process of Individuation,
describes the process by which the conscious and the unconscious
within an individual learn to know, respect, and accommodate one
another. In a certain sense this chapter contains not only the crux of
the whole book, but perhaps the essence of Jung's philosophy of life:
Man becomes whole, integrated, calm, fertile, and happy when (and
only when) the process of individuation is complete , when the conscious and the unconscious have learned to live at peace and to complement one another."
Was the bussy that good?
are you centaur?
I most certainly am not.
ok ok was just making sure
how far are you willing to go to free someone from their detachment?
It must've been. They can't stop talking about them.
brap brap brap skeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
Sophie is Fi. His Fe is too fake even for Fe, and it's his Fi that gets triggered whenever he has a meltdown
i don't know if a blush can be seen in my skin cause it's dark. one time i collided with a guy at the grocery store and he dropped a glass bottle of wine, he got upset, and i felt so tense about the situation i puked on the floor right in front of him
i am not sure if that is a sign of sincerity or not. that was also over a year ago though, i think i'm more guarded now.
did you cut it yourself or did a barber botch it?
i have been cutting my own hair for a while now. i just ponytail it and cut off the end with scissors and it turns out alright. i hate salons. giving someone a haircut does sound intimate.
Retard-san? What are you doing here?
sp6 ISFP is a weird choice and e7 INFJ is absurd
its not that weird
Sounds like ISTP, Joe poster
Not you?
I'm over here sleeping mah shit nigga, I got pillows on my head man, I'm sleepy as fuuuck man I'm a real snoozer
but you don't say that abot other fe users?
His fakeness is on a whole other level
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
I work helping people find jobs that are oddly better than my own.
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
Not at all. I hate corporate stuff and it's so rigid it makes me hate every second I spend at the office. I find working in healthcare much more fulfilling, even if it's sometimes just as stressful.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Walking? If I could magically never get tired of walking and have unlimited stamina, I'd visit many places.
which do you value more, luxury or productivity?
Both are fine. I personally lean more toward productivity. I hate feeling stagnant.
I'm fine being an ENFJ. All types have their own strengths and weakness, and I don't believe there's an ideal type.
I can barely withhold blushing
Cute!
I find it hilariously bad and nonsensical!
I agree tiktok is a desolate wasteland, but if you dig enough, there's some cool stuff. I've found cute MBTI animations (all of them centred around the 16p avatars), and I mostly check out food recipes and cool places to visit. But you have to spend some time carefully curating your fyp before the dumb dances and thirst traps are completely purged from your screen.
My Fe presentation isn't even all that high. I'm polite and try to be unhurtful but not much more than that. It's not like I'm a sweet and affectionate person constantly praising and complimenting people.
As for Fi, I clearly trend towards Fe over Fi in pretty much all environments and social contexts outside of 4chan. 4chan just tries my patience more than most places do since it's the internet version of the insane asylum in 12 Monkeys.
The pictures are on a memory card that I have no retrieved! Hopefully I'll have gathered the courage to look through them by tomorrow and maybe find one or two that's worth making into a puzzle. Otherwise I'll have to cuck out and use anime screenshots like a pathetic loser!
turbie that's lewd!
I think for a lot of people it's not even a persona thing and they just genuinely don't mind being "seen" in the same way some peope don't mind being seen naked. They don't see it as anything out of the ordinary, no disassociation required. Goodnight!
If Taylor Swift posted here which reg do you think she'd sexy?
Then why are you here? Why are you a regular? What does this say about you?
gardening ENFJ also rages
Taylor Swift is gay, so ENFJ-senpai. She would confess to Senpai in the middle of the thread, and her Fe would force her to accept
ruh roh
he finna put 'em all on blast tonite
I've taken this test at least 8x in my life whenever I'm bored and I've always got different answers. Mostly INFJ, then INTJ, then INFP. Wtf does this even mean?
I just found out there are already AI chatbots for each type at character.ai. I wonder if it'd be useful to use something like that to explore type dynamics... Has anyone tried them out? Or would you rather make your own? How faithfully do you think they are to their actual type description?
I'm not into women, so I'd respectfully decline!
Then why are you here?
I didn't say that 4chan (or this general) is all bad, or anywhere even close to it. There's enough bad for it to be grating, but enough good to try to stick around despite that.
Why are you a regular?
I don't actually post all that much anymore.
Mainly that I have a short emotional memory. Even if I find something unpleasant on a frequent basis, I'll go back to it after a good night's sleep once the emotion's drained, hoping for something different and better the next time around. If I'm to abandon something completely, it has to be awful almost all the time with nothing to breadcrumb me, ie the way I was able to eventually leave /adv/.
He does seem a bit irritable sometimes despite being a nice person when dealing with more mature sorts of people... maybe Fe users are irascible in environments that don't adhere to socially-acceptable normalcy.
i think he's the one that wanted to murder megumi anon
I also want to add that this sounds very cute..
but i hope its not a source of discomfort
I wouldnt mind anyone blushing")
I didn't say that 4chan (or this general) is all bad, or anywhere even close to it.
Are you sure? You said this
4chan just tries my patience more than most places do since it's the internet version of the insane asylum in 12 Monkeys
without clarifying that it was only parts of 4chan. I understand that you were being hyperbolic, which is typical of F types, but what you said is pretty close to saying 4chan is all bad since you lumped it as one and didn't specify which parts were or were not like the insane asylum from 12 monke. 
This isn't meant to be a personal attack, but this is foolish. If something is unpleasant time and time again (you said frequently), then going back again and again hoping it changes is like a victim who stays with her abuser thinking and hoping he is going to change one of these days even though he doesn't It's dumb and broken. You're not really thinking things through very well.
i am desperate for an ENFP gf
I understand that you were being hyperbolic, which is typical of F types, but what you said is pretty close to saying 4chan is all bad since you lumped it as one and didn't specify which parts were or were not like the insane asylum from 12 monke.
Sorry for the unclear communication then. For /mbti/ specifically, there's a lot of sweet and intelligent people and a good amount of interesting discussion, but a fairly large-ish minority of 10-20 percent that are hateful and poison the well. So it's a good enough community for me to continue lurking, but high-risk enough that I find it best to avoid posting much in order to avoid the line of fire.
Seems like something I would do, I've forgiven multiple toxic and abusive people in the past for repeated terrible behavior. It's a combination of seeing the person they could potentially become in a more idealized version of themselves, forgiving flaws and accentuating redeeming qualities a little bit too much, and as mentioned having trouble holding on to negative feelings for very long. I'm probably not as bad as I'm making myself out to be, though - I do have basic self-protection instincts and I do distance myself from people and groups eventually, just at a slower rate than I should.
what type is this?
To be fair, there are a lot of insane takes on /mbti/ that people not familiar with 4ch would find outlandish. I myself find a lot of posts here outright bizarre in their mindset, but rather than waste my time arguing with people that are very clearly set in their ways, I'd save myself the trouble and just ignore them. But I do understand where he comes from.
Here you go!
If he thought that there was truly no value in posting in these threads, Sophie would simply leave. And I agree that he's a person capable of seeing the best in people, even the ones that seem hopeless.
Why do you care what the haters say? Go about your business posting what you want and let them cast their stones.
i don't even watch it i just thought twitterfags would definitely do something like that
I've just tried an ENTJ one... I felt seen until the ai started to show. I am INFP so I will stop using it if I know what's good for me.
saddest types?
saddest regs?
Least manipulative stone-caster
My stones lead to growth
Because Fi users need approval and acceptance. Fe users are more independent and care less about how others see them.
This has been my observation as well. It seems paradoxical since Fe is the more social of the two, but time and time again I've never seen someone care so much about their social image quite like Fi Doms do. Their image is everything to them.
Because our image isn't just clothes we wear, it's us, or that's how it feels to Fi because Fi is always Fi, even if it expresses otherwise to navigate Fe expectations. The same attachment you have for Ti is how Fi users feel about their Fi identity.
lmao
If an Fi expresses himself in the woods, and nobody is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
Yes, Ji dies if it does not live on in Je, just as Je dissolves the Ji of its own collective.
Posts like this are what happens when you take yourself and MBTI too seriously
So much for all that talk about Fi being about staying true to yourself huh
My favourite terms are Extraverted Perception, Introverted Intuition, Extraverted Sensing.
your type
INTJ
what do you do for work?
sales team manager, studying to become an accountant
do you think it compliments your type?
i love to be in charge but i hate people so idk
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
working out
productivity
What does this even mean? Can you give an example?
It means whatever his feelings want it to mean and don't you dare ask for an explanation. what's wrong with you, like bruh can you not? Just let Fi exist it did nothing wrong
it's when you take down the pillars that support half of the roof just because the other half is supported by uniform brick wall
No, and this saddens Fi so much he kills himself because he's never heard. and nobody discovers the body because as we all know, no image no body
What does the roof represent in this metaphor? The pillars? The wall?
I just see it as undeniable phenomena. In order to be a self you must distinguish yourself from others. Doing so limits the number of others you will interact with, which is why the Je user is likely to suppress Ji because it reveals Je to be a minefield instead of utopia. Balance is brought through maturation where one's Je skills help their Ji express, or the Ji user refines their Ji approach to thrive in minefield.
It means their name is lost to their collective. They cease to exist in the same abstract sense unless they distinguish themselves by being a Ji actor.
achievement of the goals that are shared
Can you give an example of this happening?
The pillars? 
Ji
Je
The dead, few of name.
What goals? And how are they achieved?
What does it matter if a roof be supported by pillar or wall? If it's supported then it's supported, no?
So you're saying you can't name them because they don't exist?
Most homes are built of walls and not pillars. This is because pillars make poor shelter. Pillars expose you to the wind and the rain and provide no insulation against the cold. Pillars make for a poor shelter, ergo Fi makes for a poor society
No, I'm saying few escape Je erosion. Je is the collective of Ji. If two Ji points are incompatible, Je must choose, warring with itself for internal consistency within an external frame. There are Je and Ji within Je and Ji is what I'm saying dude, Jx all the way down.
What goals?
any shared ones
And how are they achieved?
cooperation 
What does it matter if a roof be supported by pillar or wall?
under the roof you have only pillars and a wall within the vicinity, with nothing to repair or build up
yes, and supporting only a half means the other half will collapse
Pillars are cocks
Mammals can't reproduce without cocks, Jimmy
Can you give an example of Ji not being able to escape Je erosion?
But who would tear down half? That seems rather foolish, doesn't it? Can you give an example of someone doing that?
crazy schizo Je cultists that don't care as long as they collapse the Ji pillars
So it does not matter if the roof is supported by pillar or wall so long as it is supported?
Anyone who Je overlooks, anyone who overlooks their own Ji to not be overlooked, that sort of thing.
yeah but you can't change the roof support that you have at the moment, aside from messing it up
Could you give an example of that happening? Who and when?
This cite your sources tourist is funny
Could you paint me a picture, please? What does this look like in practice? Could you give an example of Je overlooking Ji, whether it be within the context of society or within the psyche?
Ah, and messing it up would be equally foolish whether it be wall or pillar, is that correct?
Maybe if you pose like one of my french girls
I'm not asking for sources, I would just like an example so that I can understand what it is these other people understand better than I. I have seen no examples, only words saying that this or that happens.
Could you give an example of that happening?
history, news, these threads
individuals when they go crazy
yes, that is correct and is my main point
history, news, these threads
When in history has it happened? Do you have an example? 
When in the news? When in these threads? Be specific, please, so that I may know what you're talking about.
Which individuals?
When in history has it happened? Do you have an example?
2000 symbol limit in post
When in the news? When in these threads? Be specific, please, so that I may know what you're talking about.
2000 symbol limit in post
Je cultists
I see. So it is equally possible for Fi to erode Fe. It seems like the error lies not in Fe eroding Fi specifically, but rather in the act itself of eroding something which serves.
2000 symbol limit in post
I understand. Perhaps in another medium.
Who is that? Could you name them?
Who is that?
see >>73184249
The first appears to be a common joke about Fi suicides, and should therefore be taken as such. What makes you think they are crazy? And how are they collapsing Ji pillars? Where is the pillar? Where is the collapse?
The second appears to be someone calling out how Fi talks a big game about authenticity but yet will cave to external influences and social pressure. Personally, I think that take is crude and misses the nuance of how someone can value something but not be strong enough to practice it. It's still valued whether it's practiced or not, but perhaps we could say it's valued less if it's not practiced? Either way, how is that poster crazed? How are they collapsing Ji pillars?
nuh uh
For what reason would we take it as something else besides the thing it appears to be?
for you
And I presume for you it appears otherwise? Is that right? 
If so, then is that? What is your reasoning for it being other than a joke?
Je loses touch with the individual yet is composed of individuals, thus most uphold it to not self sabotage.
Yes, even if Fe were to champion an Fi point, not necessarily integrate it, it could erode things for either side or the whole.
I intend sleep now.
*If so, then why is that*
the terminology isn't rocket science
https://www.differenceme.com/2023/03/difference-between-joke-and-insult.html?m=1
Je loses touch with the individual yet is composed of individuals, thus most uphold it to not self sabotage.
What do you mean uphold Je in order to not self sabotage? Isn't upholding something contrary to who you are self sabotage? Or do you mean they erode themselves in order to not be . . . eroded? I'm not sure I follow you.
Also, can this "Je" be a case where it is more or greater than the sum of its parts? If it is comprised of individuals, would it have emergent qualities you'd not otherwise observe from an individual alone?
Sleep well, be well.
Shut the fuck up jigger
From your source
It seems the way to distinguish between joke and insult is in the person's intention. Would you agree with that? Since it's your source I will assume you do. What was that poster's intention, then? Did they intend it as joke or insult? And how do you know?
Jokes and insults are two forms of communication that involve making comments about others, but they have very different meanings
https://www.differenceme.com/2023/03/difference-between-joke-and-insult.html?m=1
ew.
must* uphold it, not most
I was talking about Je upholding Ji, the same way parent upholds child. If Ji is spoiled, it spoils Je, and spoiled Je spoils Ji, yadda.
You as well
Several. She's also had multiple girlfriends.
Specifically . . .
I am asking you to qualify this. If to you it appears as insult, then you must know their intention, correct?
Intpfembot here
Everytime I meet a female estj, I automatically hate her for no reason and it annoys the hell out of me because it's irrational. Anyone else have this problem?
Jokes and insults are two forms of communication that involve making comments about others, but they have very different meanings
https://www.differenceme.com/2023/03/difference-between-joke-and-insult.html
ew.
It's literally from their own source. If a joke is something that is intended to be humourous and entertaining, and if an insult is something intended to hurt or offend, then according to those statements the difference between the relies on intention. This came from their source. I'm not sure what their point is if they disagree with their own source.
I suppose I need to keep a hatchet away from me when someone actually tries to invade my house before I get sent to prison for 1st degree murder
Ah, I see. Yep yip
Laws that punish people for defending themselves especially during a home invasion are fundamentally unjust ad evil
meanings and intentions
https://www.differenceme.com/2023/03/difference-between-joke-and-insult.html
waste of time.
Ji faggot hands typed this post
Total INFP sex - the science
You're playing word games. Typical. Okay, what was that poster's "meaning" then? What was the meaning behind their post? And how do you know it?
The can't tell you what that poster meant because they don't know what they meant. They can only guess
EXPLAIN JI PILLARS TO ME OR I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU! DON'T DUMB IT DOWN INTO SOME VAGUE SHIT! EXPLAIN JI PILLARS TO ME RIGHT NOW OR I'LL LITERALLY FUCKING KILL YOU! WHAT THE FUCK IS JE WALL? WHAT FUCKING ROOF? DON'T DUMB IT DOWN OR I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU
What types think like this
What type thinks like this and why is it Fi shitter Doms like INFP?
Was the insult s physical objects?
Can Fi shitters even into logic?
Well, that's exactly my point. They don't know what the poster meant. That's not the problem. The problem is them claiming that they know what the poster meant when they can't know what the poster meant. So far they are incapable of demonstrating why it was an insult. Hell, they can't even explain why they felt or thought it was. I would accept even that from them at this point. A simple "why did you feel it was" would suffice.
Was the supposed insult a physical object like you equivocated it to be? Are you incapable of answering that?
When did we get to this lol
Shut up chuddie
Objective meaning doesn't exist because introverted feeloids are le bad and can't into objective reality
Another false equivalence. Colour me absolutely shocked and surprise
Numbers are not the same thing as joke posts on /mbti/ 
Fucking feel shitters I swear to Christ
based
FUCK abstracting
FUCK categories
they're... SATANIC
your type
India November
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Uhh, play one of those sandbox games maybe.
which do you value more, luxury or productivity?
Is that dichotomy correct, shouldn't it be luxury or practicality?
Either way, not luxury.
The barber failed to keep to guides and mistook where I part my hair, which botched the front. Luckily cutting a straighter edge than him wasn't too hard. If that failed I was planning to just go for a full shave again lmao.
I can't be too mad about it since I made the decision to look for new barbers.
Yeah that's a quick and easy cut for long hairs, and happens to be what I usually give.
Mah snooza
Back in my crib (for some sleep)
24/7 hit snooze everyday
You can't over-dose off on Zeds
They are beyond incapable lol
Fucking feel shitters bring this general so far down. We gonna gatekeep finally or what?
you should've been gatekept into your dad's condom
Ah fuck that was actually good lol. Okay, you can stay
Yeah in Australia you need to do """equal force""". Plus the home invaders have rights to sue you for assault, so dumb. If a girl weighing 40kg gets her house broken into by a 100kg nigger and she stabs him non-fatally and disarms him, she's going to prison for it unless she can afford a good lawyer. Wish I we had US laws so if someone breaks into my house I can shoot them with .44 Magnum
Intents and results don't stop being intents and results. I don't know where you're getting that from. The point is that you can test a cake for its result according to metrics, but you can't test a poster's joke in the same way. The only metrics is how someone "feels" about the joke. You can't, for instance, measure the dryness of a joke the same way you can measure the dryness of a cake. Now abstract that concept and apply it to the other things you can measure about s cake but not a joke. Maybe you'll learn someday lol but probably not, feelscum
So, what zoo are you from
Explain how you can test for objective meaning?
how do you use language? how do you interpret what you read? how do you choose words for use? where did you learn them from? where you can learn more about them?
Stop bullying him you dipshit
I see you
You didn't explain how you can test a sentence for its objective meaning. Now, are you going to do that, or are you going to dodge because you're not able?
nah, I'm not tutoring tards for free
Bros.. now I think feeloid haters are actually retarded.
I was about to say "I don't feel like they're bullying me" but then realized I would be playing right into the feeloid's hand by admitting how I interpret their sentence actually mattered and yeah I guess I kinda see their point oh well it was a fun argument and it kept me awake tonight so thanks, feelio
Bro, I am on the clock making close to 50 an hour doing little more than talking to you just to stay awake. And I bet you did it with me for free. Let that sink in lol
more like you're on the cock of the coping ride rn
Th*nker shitheads who lack empathy and see every problem through the lense of weird, tyrannical consequentialism to avoid dealing with the intricacies of human nature
Meant For >>73185027
yeehawyeehawyesehaw
Fe and Te crazies be like
I hate white women so much
Fegget and Teranny sisters what's our response ?
That consensus is that it's nasty as fuck? I don't see the conundrum.
What do you think you don't like in female ESTJs? Have you tried to think like ESTJ do without judging the process? Just asking
your type: probably another ENFJ.
I would say no, I'm extremely outgoing and talkative, these jobs keep me quiet. My ideal job would be standing in front of a million people naked talking about whatever lol.
what do you do for work? Forex trader, copywriting, antique reseller. 
I would say no, I'm extremely outgoing and talkative, these jobs keep me quiet. My ideal job would be standing in front of a million people naked talking about whatever lol.
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
I would say no, I'm extremely outgoing and talkative, these jobs keep me quiet. My ideal job would be standing in front of a million people naked talking about whatever lol.
what
wait a second
How many Turbies does it take to turn in a lightbulb?
&lt;3 Senapi
Isn't that more of a Thinker thing? I'm not a Thinker Chad. So what type are you out of curiosity?
I'd guess that Fi types care more specifically about being misunderstood, whereas Fe users just have a more general aversion to being disliked (though both groups dislike both things, social rejection is painful for most not on the schizotypal spectrum, and even some of them aren't exempt).
Homuanon feels kind of sad. Centaur seems to have a gray existence. INFJ-A probably used to be more plainly sad once upon a time, but the sentiment was probably buried and calcified and is inaccessible on most days. Turbie seems to have a hidden sadness that would be detectable even if he didn't explicitly mention here and there having depression. Apollo, Mosley, and pumpkin are pretty open about having depression issues. I could see Polack having some kind of depression, dysthymia at least, though it's unclear. Senpai seems fine in the present, though she still seemed kind of depressed when she started posting in '20 based off a few posts I remember. firmament and Megumin seem fine.
Yeah it's genuinely irrational. It bugs me, that's why I'm asking, wondering if I'm the only one.
Every time i see a woman I don't like, and I get to know her better (not always avoidable) it turns out to be blatant estj.
That's why you need to have the plan and means to disappear at least one body, should you ever need to.
Is the reason you blush because of the feelings you get from knowing what you say unquestionably belongs to you from the heart, or because the feeling from being permitted isn't often?
I suppose it is a little bit of both, along with a general unconscious sensitivity to things, at least whatever can be perceived, thought, felt, remembered, or anything else; the reasons in a given situation are perhaps too nuanced to articulate. Some people, perhaps mercifully, do not have this, others I think turn against themselves and programmatically amputate it over time.
My silliness increases as I become more sincere with people, I don't really blush. 
That's good, it sounds like you have found a rich and nourishing environment, which is the best I think one could hope for. 
Yes, I think it should be fine to skip the second chapter, the chapters of that book are actually more like self-contained essays. It's more accessible, but I found it no less insightful than any of his other works. I do recommend the first chapter, though. I think it is good to start with the centrality of symbols, as keys to reconciliation in emotional life, sources of hidden power, unifiers of the disparate elements of the psyche, etc. Naturally it can't quite be put into words, but if you get this I hope the rest may fall into place. I look forward to hearing any thoughts you have. 
Understanding oneself is no small task, but being aware of these problems alone is promising.
And yes! I like cats.
It's far beyond my ability, in most cases. I am only sad to see what trace remnants of innocent life still lay hidden beneath their stiffened exterior.
I am sorry you experienced that. I can't know for sure, but I wouldn't think that is a matter of sincerity, rather an especially acute sensitivity and perceptiveness that must have caused the situation to weigh on you so heavily. Do you think it's possible that the same underlying receptivity (if that is the right word) is at work in other areas of your life, like with writing poetry?
Thank you!
Yes, I don't think it is only effected by a persona either, but the whole formation and adaptation of the conscious personality. But I think you are right, I don't doubt that some people are simply unaffected, and that adaptation comes much easier to them as a result. 
I hope you slept well.
0, they don't help
mayne its white wimmin and shiett
Yeah I took foresnics before I transferred to medicine. Just in case...
tbf making whatever the fuck that was is pretty on-brand for a white woman.
kys
I'm an INTJ male that ignores any questions. Ask me anything.
why are you gay, kid?
which types did you had ur back blown out by
How deeply in love with Turbie are you?
your type
INTJ
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
Doctor
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
Only superficially. I prefer not to interact with that many people every day.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Swimming.
Luxury >>>>>. Used to be big on productivity, but realized the biggest luxury is time to be focus on what you want and there's little that can top that.
Bullying as a way to give a lesson seems pretty ExTP to me but I dunno
who do you know is making shit out of a toilet bowl? do you do that on your down time?
daily reminder that hitler was an infp
Why do they do this? Can't you just accept that you're emotionally self-centered pussies?
centaur is not mistyped
stay mad you dumb nigger
/bump you fucking fags/
/or else the goddamn thread dies/
/bumpety fucking bump/
Based dubs.
I learned he was INFJ.
He was
Don't listen to that anon, he's a retard
he was an infp pdb is just full of retards
Isn't that more of a Thinker thing?
No, it's more of an emotional maturity thing. Is there a strong, positive correlation thinking types and emotional maturity? Idk, probably not. Need the data.
So what type are you out of curiosity?
INFJ
Hmm, I can see this. Fi identity is at stake if they are misunderstood but not so much if they are understood; whereas with Fe it's social enmeshment and inclusion that is at stake if they are disliked, but not so much if they are misunderstood and still accepted/included. 
But these are all general statements discussing functions kind of in a vacuum and don't take into account all the other factors at play. Speaking as aux Fe, I don't really care about inclusion or being liked by people who don't matter to me, but yet one of my core traumas is being misinterpreted -- and that trauma can be triggered by the randiest of randoms who don't mean nothing at all to me. So none of this Fi= this or Fe= that stuff is a hard and fast rule I don't think. They're just more like suggestions
its too early in the day for me to be drunk
what do astrologychads think of this?
https://www.myhumandesign.com/
Would also fit much more. INFPs are not radicals. INFJs can be. They have this "I want to change the world" thing, and when they lose their fuse, it can end with a war.
what makes you saythis?
My experience with them. They are busy with their own emotions, not much about the global situation. That's probably the Fi. INFJs feel much more global. Personal happiness is not enough, the world shall be happy. Or personal doom is not enough, then they become terrorists or so. I can't imagine an INFP to be a terrorist.
demiurgic egocentric drivel
why is it different from regular astrology?
the "regular astrology" doesn't necessarily have the same preaching presentation 'round it
well you can have personal feelings about the global situation like getting rejected from art school by jews
hitler never even listened to people around him tho he only did what he wanted
what about the energy types though
Technically feelings are always personal. But I experienced a difference between Fi and Fe. Of course everyone wants to be happy, but for Fe people there is this longing to make to whole world better. Fi types are fine by just expressing themselves with art or so. Fe makes people political.
weird hill to die on, brother. i don't judge you, though.
fe makes people moralfag rule-enforcers, fi makes people care about their own values
I'm confirmed for Fe then! 
Oh, hey Counselor Anon. I'm just unhealthy in a lot of ways (which is also where a lot of my "Fi" comes from, I had a much smaller amount before my 20s), so I guess I'm immature in some ways.
other way around, fe enfroce their morality even if its stupid and gay
sophie browses tumblr?
MULTI-HYPERNATE MASTER RAYS
Nah, just came from Google Image Search. I've never used Tumblr much. Euphoria is a good VN though.
limitation dumbassery
it's worse
their interpretation of their morality
/bump you fucking fags/
what faggotry are you okay with seeing posted here, being made just to keep a thread alive?
what's awful in this in scenario of there being nothing to discuss in natural course of stuff?
idgi
I believe in you! Don't give up!
"YOU'RE MERELY A MANIFESTOR IT'S NOT IN YOUR ENERGETICAL FATE TO GET IT, STAY IN YOUR FUCKING LANE" - this kinda shit
how does that differ from normal astrology?
s*phie is so cute
by giving you memory problems just from reading about it >>73189187
so the only difference is the presentation? cool
now you'll try playing with his feelings huh
ISTPs will never admit it but they crave recognition more than anything else.
recockgnition
Karma given all the feelings Sophie has played with
cumrma
turbie enjoyer x isfp sophie hater
fucking terribel and cursed
Why is it cursed?
your type
ENFJ.
what do you do for work?
I'm a software developer, currently the most senior dev we have.
But I'll take a sabbatical next year for 6-12 months to go do stuff and just have enough free time to catch up on movies, shows, games, books etc.
I've got enough money saved up that I could easily sustain myself for 3 years. 4 if I'm trying harder to save money.
After that I want to work just 75%.
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why?
I'm not sure if it compliments it, but having an easy time being friendly and connecting with people makes it easier to talk about bugs and features. Or teaching new employees the ropes. I think I generally am pretty good at thinking of how the code I write can impact things. I might take longer than others, but I think things through properly and rarely produce any bugs.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
I'm not sure if I'm understanding this question correctly, ANY action?
Being intimate with a partner.
which do you value more, luxury or productivity?
Productivity.
nyes
Yeah, but generally only when a person is egoistical in some form. Though egoism can take many forms like entitlement, racism, misogyny etc. I definitely notice that when I've slept bad, I'm more easily irritated and less reasonable.
I might have said this before, but I think egoism is the core of everything wrong when it comes to humans.
Anyway, I think it's a bit weird that people keeping naming me, as if I'm an actual regular. Even twice in this thread. I really don't post that often.
And cute animals!
Engaging seems very much like me.
I'm very active in romantic relationships and don't feel like waiting around. Avoidant is the absolute exact opposite of what I am and I'd never again want somebody who is (anxious) avoidant. It's terrible.
no chemistry
both crazy and obsessive
You're one of only two ENFJs here
He's a good person and would never do that
Wow, cropping is hard. I want to keep in the open skies because I like them but I know they're suffering to actually solve in a puzzle. 
btw is checking the "rotate peices randomly" box too evil? Here's my first attempt lol. I couldn't understand nuzzles's image rating system so just tell me what you think and I'll try and take it on board.
https://puzzle.aggie.io/MFo0Tj
It's midnight already
wtf!
I hope you slept well.
It was OK I guess. Woken up by a cat sooner than I would hope though.
Oh so that's what you're calling it now huh?
there is absolutely nothing worse than an INFP who uses politics as a replacement for personality.
leave mosley tf alone
im a temporarily embarassed bloomer
yeah im reading the first one
your type
INFP
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
I am a creative. 
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
It's one of those things where it should compliment but doesn't due to the world we live in. In an ideal world, maybe. I hope we get there in the future, but as of now people are too focused on products and marketing. Creativity has been marketed into the ground, so life as a creative isn't about following passion anymore, it's about following profit. It's soul crushing.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Anymore I just want to live in a harem and be the centerpiece. It reminds me of mass effect a little where you're Shepard going around the ship checking in with your crew. Like that but with my multiple girlfriends and I could come out of my shell and embrace my hidden leadership qualities. 
Luxury. What is productivity good for unless it produces more luxury? Luxury is the ends, productivity is the means. Life is about cultivating the sensual experience and we all just want to feel good. To feel pleasure and feel as if king in our own personal kingdom.
what
It means he's a NEET but doesn't wanna say NEET lol
Because, you know, image..
oh... was it something I said or did?
deer are very skittish
noun
INFORMAL
a person who is creative, typically in a professional context.
"the most important people in the mix will be creatives and direct marketing specialists"
^^^^this. I was in digital design before I became disillusioned with the field. I was sold an idea that wasn't reality. Even went to school for two years and got a degree. It's like this, working with clients is soul crushing because they are rarely satisfied. They tell you what they want, you do it, and when they see it they're all like "that's not what I had in mind. Do it like this instead." What's worse than that is typically you will create multiple drafts of a thing, rarely just one. And there will be one you really enjoyed making. The one you spent most of your time on and the one you know in your hearts is best. But they will want the worst one. The one you made quickly. The formulaic one. Nothing is more disheartening to a creative than that, where your creation, the offspring of your heart and soul, is totally "meh" in their eyes and the client goes with something which meant nothing to you.
It means he's a NEET but doesn't wanna say NEET lol
No, I am not a NEET. I'm temporarily unemployed while I consider my next steps and options, but I'm not a NEET.
He's a deer?
Why do INFPs?
Just took the test.
your type
ESFJ I think? First time I ever took one of these
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
Nightclub manager
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
I guess? I just know I like it a lot and it really suits my personality.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Partying
Luxury definitely
Thank you for finding it, I look forward to completing it. 
btw is checking the "rotate peices randomly" box too evil?
Challenge accepted! We'll see. 
Awesome! And I don't mean to rush you, read at your leisure of course.
Holy keks that is THE ESFP job
I assume you mean me, the creative INFP. Well, it's like this. Only a high value make would be able to attract and keep a bevy of women all vying for your attention and affections. Think about how worthy you must be for that to happen. So desirable and sexually powerful that you can have multiple beautiful women at your beck and call. And they would never leave you because there can be no better. Can you imagine anything more validating than that? The power of their approval reaffirms the power of you, reaffirms the power of the collective "us" that is harem in harmony.
Think about what you just said. Really contemplate it. Then get back to me
wait why hahaha. I never got into these personality tests it just seemed fun so I tried it out rn.
The stereotype is that ESFPs love partying
Well seems like I fit the bill, vid related haha.
your type
ENTP
what do you do for work? (if NEET, say NEET)
Electrician
do you think it compliments your type? if yes, why? if no, what do you think would?
No. There is something nice about the "exactness" of things working or not and the shitstorm puzzle of trying to deliver some sales guy promises without it all collapsing in the real world. There's also long periods of time where I'm on a site completely alone and just tending to tasks in my own way and at my own pace. But the majority is just too many hands in the pot and everyone forgetting all the little details. There is without fail something that goes wrong everyday. Usually little, but every single day is less than ideal. Mostly though, I'm not great at working with my body. I get hurt in someway everyday and I'm not as fast as the people around me. Watching people who have worked with their hands their whole life is something to behold. I wouldn't say I'm bored or unchallenged but just disenchanted with the trades. It doesn't play to my strengths.
if you had to spend the majority of your time on one single action, what would you choose?
Drinking, but I'm 3 years sober. 
I don't like the way that's phrased but luxury if I had to choose. I think it's something closer to "free time" which is literally the most valuable thing you have. Unregulated, unbothered time is a treasure.
people can't preserve their innocence from childhood forever. at some point they need to accept and deal with the reality of the world to enter adulthood
it wasn't that bad. i find it funny now. i was just irrationally freaked out, as if there was going to be some punishment worse than paying for the bottle. it was like fifteen dollars.
receptivity makes me good at body language. i don't write poetry anymore. i did it because it seemed like something people did to express emotions but i never found it cathartic, more like a math problem of rhythms and rhymes. i was good at assembling the pieces but i didn't have much to say.
So it's all a coping mechanism for low self esteem?
i make music OwO
no worries
Jungs ideas are really interesting to me, and its only now (and recently) I am realizing how much they shaped my thoughts, through third parties having digested and presented them to me over time
I find my thoughts drift off easily when reading, exploring mentioned themes and ideas, while my eyes are still glazing over more, having to reread paragraphs very often, but its fun
Hard to exclude when you so FiNe
I am not far into it, just been through the introduction and some pages of the first chapter, but it captures my attention a lot
Thats because I often rumor on why I am in the situation I am, I feel like I have a conscious grasp on what I should be doing, on what I need to do, to get where I want to be, but yet, I dont do them, and why is that?
Its been half a decade in this state, something approximating.. confusion perhaps?
Trying to pinpoint the reasons for it seems both obvious, surface level, and incomprehensible and illusive at the same time, and it makes me think of the concept of cognitive dissonance, in the context of a split between consciousness and the subconscious
Furthering on this, often when I set my mind out to do something (the conscious), my actions tend to be nearly the exact opposite of that (the subconscious rebelling)
So I really hope reading up on this will spark up on something I have been dark on, getting to know the thing I didnt know I didnt know
The latter seeming to be the thing where you dont want to look, but that just is where exactly you have to look, the monster you dont want to face
Welcome to INFP
That's a good one. I'll have to use that if my gf ever catches me with another woman. "But babe, I just didn't want her to feel excluded from my cock."
Will you handle the wood of trannysisters
Her Fi will want your charitable Fe contribution all to herself.
https://youtu.be/3zpz4Nj6PM8 [Embed]
Yeah well, she's just gonna have to learn to overcome her intrinsic Fi selfishness and learn how to share with the tribe aka team Harem. Spreading my love is for the greater overall Je goodness after all. Would she really collapse roof to spite wall?
All I'm hearing is that Jung was INFP
You misspelled Hitler
JUNG WAS HITLER!?
how many bois have homoanon and intjfemboi kissed?
w-which type does Hitler Jung exterminate first?? Go go go
i want to kiss homoanon and intjfemboi
esfp into enfp obviously
Just gonna say you weird for trying to be the commentator Jris 
Thas against da r00ls. 2bias, you invOOOOOOOoolved
Homoanon: 437
INTJFemboi: 1
Obviously he comes for the INFP jew first
how did you know it's Kris?
I'll make a new thread in the morning if none is up by then
Because aside from Prince and our friends (who rarely browse /r9k/ if ever and are trustworthy irls and/or longtimes who wouldn't..be commenting on this stuff without us knowing...) there are like 3 people I have called with. I mean. Okay I'm trying to make this simple but I don't want homie to feel excluded from friend category lol but 2 or 3 outside friends depending on if homie identifies with friend or regular category more jej. And then there's like one other person who *may* have heard my voice when we were all watching a movie together. But. The strange protectiveness of INFJ type, being concerned with what kind of person I may think I am because of the possible thinking he thinks he knows who I think I am, then stepping in to try to gain control of the narrative
Could be wrong, but
There's ALSO [advantage I won't allow him opportunity to commandeer]
Do it naow
FUCK IT WE'LL DO IT LlVE
I would but I have to do something for a little bit.
people are more harsh on my threads than on the goyslop iToddler "what type's a gardener" creations so i'm not doing them
Good riddance faggot, survival of the fittest
shouldn't have been choosing to have incel creep vibes kek
kys
if you're harsh on the apple poster threads then you get what you fucking deserve.
oh noes
guess we'll be gentle with the rest of bread makers while your left off rotting in the trash bin
oop that wasn't quite clear enough
outside of solid I-am-definitely-allowed-to-call-them-friends friends + f-frens in the making? :o3c 'n wateva, only Kris would be left 
then with extra Blue's Clues
ye
&amp;&amp; for whom it so concerns which is not objectively anybody because This Is Stupid but man dat url
https://voca.ro/1ggs0RpfS5un
I can't believe Kris freaking blocked me
Detective schizo is on the case
Now captcha trollin'
She blocked me too :'(
