Do you ever yearn for another body and another life?
I want to be a hot succubus witch who's mind soul and body are built for sexual pleasure.
No, and stop being gay.
No, you're completely satisfied with who you are and wouldn't want to change a thing? Makes life a lot easier if true.
All the time. Not much I wouldn't trade for 2-3 inches of cock, 3-4 inches of height and a pretty face. Wouldn't mind reincarnating as a hot girl either.
Yes. Wish i had a bigger brain so I could understand high level philosophy and sciences but alas!
I feel like I had a good start but ended up in the wrong timeline. I also wouldn't mind being a lesbian succubus
Yes: Being a non insufferable/overpowered isekai protagonist.
Just being a random adventurer exploring a fantasy world with a bunch of companions and a love interest would be amazing.
Not much I wouldn't trade for 2-3 inches of cock, 3-4 inches of height and a pretty face. Wouldn't mind reincarnating as a hot girl either.
If you had to choose between the two which would you pick?
What sort of science do you want to understand?
What happened?
What would your class be in the isekai?
Would you let me use your body as a fucktoy? 
Tough call, but I think I'd stay a more attractive man by a hair? Lot of fantasies about whoring it up in a way only a woman truly can, but ultimately I like the prospect of being strong and tall and having a dick more, and those come up more day to day.
Ranger probably. 
It would be nice to have a cool pet and the powers/know how to survive in the wilds and hunt the creatures that inhabit it.
Being a Goa'uld would be cool. It's basically a sci-fi space worm that can take complete control over the bodies of other species. They can live for ages as well and are born knowing everything about how to create and operate their technology. 
I mostly think the long life and body snatching would be fun. Imagine possessing people, destroying their life and moving on to your next victim. You could live for thousands of years, creating a religious culture of followers too. 
Sometimes I day dream about being born with a rare eye or hair colour. Like natural blue hair, or maybe white hair and a rich purple eye colour or even golden eyes and hair. Maybe even golden skin. Mostly because I like the idea of women wanting to have children with my rare appearance and so lots of them buying my spare so I can spawn a new "race."
i want to experience love, but a certain type of love
i dont want any of this femdom shit, or females disrespecting me in my household shit because im so desperate, or any of this cuck shit
i fantasize about this, and real stockholm synbdrome love
with a virginal girl i deem beautiful enough. and they arent too high, assuming you are skinny and of my preferred race and culture
I just want to not be fat, anxious, and depressed.
Me, I happened. God should have never given me consciousness. I fucked it all up in a matter of months. It is what it is, you don't know what you've got until you lose it
As a succubus maybe but I let you do that then I have to let the whole board join.
Where would you live? In the wilds alone?
You desire godhood and a body fit for a god, then?
assuming you are skinny and of my preferred race and culture
Do you just want a subservient thin white girl?
not be fat
This is doable.
If you find a way, tell me how.
That's rather vague.
I wish I could be shota forever with the mind of an adult, seducing babysitters and sexually repressed mommies. Some kind of monsterboy aspect would fun too, like being some kind of imp or incubus appearing in the dreams of shotaloving fembots to drain them of their sexual energy.
There are many people here who share this sentiment
I wish I could be an invisible omnipresence, the very concept of evil, chaos and destruction.
In Minecraft.
Very rare to see an anon want to be an inc.
And yet none of us will ever attain it. I don't even need to be a succubus, I just want to be a supernatural nympho.
What would you do with such malevolence?
no thank you. you can keep em
i only fantasize about koreans girls from korea
Nah. I'd just respawn if I could but remove my capacity to dream and make my facial hair regrow slower
