It is about that time again, /r9k/. Offering advice and guidance to whomever might be needing it.
Always look at a girl's mom to get an idea of how she will look when she gets older.
and who are you excacty?
I have been suffering with depression for 7 years and my life sucks. I don't know how to fix my shitty life
i dont know if i'm patient and level headed in stressful situations because of the way i saw things during my childhood despite it being relatively normal or if i've been patient and level headed by default but my family drove me into acting out and abusing substances by treating me like shit. its a real chicken and egg situation for me.
True.
Just a wanderer. Same as you. 
Do you want to fix your life? Seems like a silly question I know, but if you don't want your life fixed I can't help you. Before you heal someone, ask him if he's willing to give up the things that make him sick.
What do you think? Often times who we think we are is entirely dependent and who other people have told us who we are, or what we think other people think of us. If you have skills and they don't falter in tense situations, that's a good test. If you don't rise to emotions in heated moments and stand by your beliefs, that's a good test too. Things like skill and convictions are what help orient ourselves in reality.
How do you cope with schizophrenia?
hey op, what's with the help and stuff?
your imagery suggests you're into the occult or something.
just curious.
What's your best advice to someone (me) who has no idea what they want to be or do for a career to survive this dying world?
yeah, I want to fix my life.
Consulting with medical professional and trying different medications and techniques of mindfulness. Consider you aren't your schizophrenia any more than you are your left foot. Schizophrenia is real of course, but not all of it's conditions are. 
I have a passing interest in mysticism, both scholarly and the traditions. Words aren't always useful. There are lots of things words can't express for instance. You don't need transcendental mysticism or woo woo occult magic to know that. But the simple knowledge that there are things beyond your perceptions helps keep you humble and helps remind you that things aren't always as they seem, even in ordinary everyday life. There's meaning in everything even if it isn't always clear to us. It can be though.
A perquisite to healing is to both want to heal and believe that it's possible. You won't try any cures if you just kick the dirt thinking there's no point and it's just impossible. That being said what have you tried? Life is hard. There are plenty of things to be depressed about and lots of dark holes to fall into. Fortunately you're equipped to claw yourself out of them, and having done so makes you stronger and gives you a greater appreciation and gratitude towards life after you do.
I do not see why a person would want to live or exist in the first place, I do not see anything about existance that makes it worth while to go through, I don't know why i keep feeling this way, and exercise isn't working, religion and prayer and meditation isn't working, i can't find anything that I enjoy, nothing to really have an interest in
Enjoying life is not a chore, and if approach it as such you'll probably just make yourself all the more miserable in a paradoxical sort of way. You are under absolutely no obligation to enjoy life, or even exist. That's really the best thing about existence. You exercise because pushing your limits, pushing the limits of reality, and loving your body feels good, not because you /ought/ to. The reward is the thing itself. The fact that there is anything at all is a bizarre miracle if you think on it long and hard enough. Religion should be a gamble that love exists and the orange is worth the squeeze. One could very easily argue that baseline existence is cold, chaotic, indefferent, and darkness. You can kindle a light in that darkness or just sink back into it if you want. But the act of light kindling is far more interesting I think.
If you would love don't place yourself outside the possibility.
what have you tried?
I haven't tried anything, I have no idea what to do or where to start.
How do I stick to my workout routine, and not get demotivated?
Start with the really rudimentary stuff that makes you physically healthy. If your body isn't healthy you mind isn't healthy. That includes a healthy balanced diet no processed food, eating every day at regular times, cooking meals. A regular sleep schedule and a solid eight hours the same time every night no screens two hours before bed. Exercise and sunlight, movement and medicine. Cut back on screen time in general and keep your mind occupied with things like hobbies, reading, helping someone. Do all that for 90 days and see how you feel afterwards. Understand that this is a step on the road to getting better and part of your cure.
By enjoying it and realizing that discipline you cultivate by sticking with it is itself part of the reward you are working for and get to enjoy. You only have to stick with your workout routine once each day. You can do anything at least once a day.
And to add to this when you notice the progress you've made and catch a stray compliment it becomes a self sustaining engine. Being physically strong and capable, and aware you can push your limits really does make you feel good once you realize it.
I don't even know how to do most of those things, I've never done anything myself....and others are directly inaccessible

It's fucking joever for me
No better time to learn than the present. If you don't want to learn do these things you don't want to get better. 
Sorry I missed your post, not sure how it slipped by me. You should keep your mind open and always be trying new things. Decide what's important to you and what isn't. Decide what you absolutely do not want to do and narrow down what you want your future to be from there. Don't make a decision necessarily based on what you enjoy, but what you're best at, and what engages you the most, and what you think the world might need. If it really is your path, doors will open where there were none, and they wouldn't have opened for anyone else.
of course I would like to be better but all that requires a lot of willpower, and that is something I just don't have because I am depressed.
29 years old, started working a shitty CSR job after graduating in college with a degree in business administration. Worked that shit job for 5 years only to get laid off recently. My mom was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer last month that has already metastasized to her lymph node, liver and bones in her lower back and was given 2 years to live. She also has diabetes and renal failure so I don't really know how long she truly has left and I'm afraid to ask her oncologist. I've lost about 75 pounds since September as I have no appetite and can barely bring myself to even drink water. I live in an incredibly expensive city and I'll most likely end up homeless at some point. I have 0 friends and acquaintances due to what I believe is my avoidant personality disorder. 
Nothing has gone right for me ever since middle school. I just want to sleep and not wake up.
