what do you think of losers who embrace the NEET lifestyle despite not having any illnesses that truly prevent them from working.
the man who hosts this discord is 32 and able bodied but chooses to live off his family, he has no money, no bank account and just waste away on discord all day. 
it is a true sight to be seen. he seems to lead a very boring life of just being a chronically online internet user.
I think the only thing he ever successfully did in his life was be the biggest waste.
People like him anger me, it's just beyond wasteful. Will he ever regret his choices? He has been running this discord for 4 years now, I use to use it when I was a teenager, I'm an adult now and got my life in order. it is intense to see he is exactly the same as when I left him.
note to others do not ever check up on your old neet pals, it is depressing when you see they did not change. 
now may I say, what a loser. hahaha
on his server he even has tutorials on how to fake schizophrenia to get money. granted they get 500 a month max, can't better your life with peanuts.
I figured you would know, considering you are one.
lol I was when when I was a minor and joined his server as a joke I was checking up on some old friends today from my teenage years.
They are living life a lot better than wagies
I dont know about that they all seem miserable and chronically bored. maybe some of them are but this discord subtype seems miserable as fuck. if the lifestyle was so good they'd be happy, but they aren't. I dont ever meet a happy neet. assuming they exist I guess they wouldn't be on discord complaining about their life all day since they'd be happy? idk.
i am qualified for a career i feel trapped in it, i wish i was qualified for literally any other type of work
at least you work imagine not even working or qualifying for any career
Holy shit wrong thread i'm genuinly fucking retarded
Kys wagie
Based department?
tell me why i should wageslave at a job i dont want to do again?
Have you tried offering a competitive salary, 20 dollars an hour would have been nice 50 years ago
Well, what exactly is he offered? What actual does he have other than uhh......live a boring life doing wage slavery?
I think they're supremely based and I have a thousand times more respect for them than I do for any wagie
uhh yea bro you're totally an adult bro...
fucking kek kys little 21 year old youngcel faggot
Kek, wageslaves.
imagine living with your parents having no privacy no money and no life and thinking that is better then being a wage "slave" you're not a slave if you get paid idiot. you can use that money to build your dream life and fuck off from your parents
wagecucks really believe this? have fun with your black roommates for your affordable living space heh
this has to be troll, but if it is not, has it worked? has forcing yourself to believe that you are happy stuck in the same place all these years, and trying to put others down for not also being stagnant, made you feel better about yourself? I just wanna know if it worked.
no, it didn't work because i never did that. i just wish i could have my own place without black roommates or any at all, which you seem to be ok with.
living with your family sucks. you're never truly alone or truly free. that's enough to make the NEET experience shitty
if you can live in your own place and afford whatever you want, then I think you can theoretically live a happy life never having to work a formal job and just pursuing your own hobbies and passions. but if you're leeching off of other people in the process (which you probably are) then you should feel bad about that
the wageslave meme is such a cope. if you're not a retard you can work yourself up to a cushy job where you work remote and make 6 figures for only a few hours of real work per month, all before 30.
I am disabled because I lack pussy NO PUSSY NO WORK
I've been NEET for a few years now and am definitely not like that. I do chores, cook for myself, workout, etc. I plan on getting into bartending soon as NEETdom honestly does get isolating after awhile and I'm ready to socialize more again. It's easy to fall into that trap of self-pity and feeling like the whole world is against you. It's a pretty heavy feeling into you learn to let your ego go a bit and actually start to objectively do things that better your life.
That's me but not discord, I'm too much of a loser to talk to people.
I only post on 4chan because you don't need to make an account.
He'll probably kill himself.
That's crazy. I'm also 32 but I'm not literally the same guy but I'm also a NEET. I did live on my own before and I know what it's like to be responsible. But I kept failing and didn't know how to properly take care of myself. Slumped into a depression and moved back with my parents and I fully acknowledged I'm a fucking loser and I'm definitely able-bodied to work. But I don't want to associate myself with other humans anymore. I fucking hate people. I don't talk to too many people I used to talk with my close high school friends but I cut them off. I lie to my online friends I have a job and live on my own because I don't want to be ridiculed. I am ashamed of who I am.
Ultimately I just can't handle shit by myself. I'm just retarded and can't do shit right. I cannot git gud. So I'm riding it out now until I'm homeless.
never had any roommates, always lived on my own until my gf moved in with me. Your strawman does not work, friend.
As a NEET I agree, some of my friends work in the tech industry and make a ton of money. I wish I was intelligent enough to do those things.
need femcel to add me now
shaka#8480
