femanon here .. do i need someone to save me ? or do i just rot in m room
Rot, kike. Why do you need someone to save you
because theres no point of getting better otherwise
What do you imagine being saved looks like?
Then jump off the nearest building. No one is coming to save you.
neither
you can save yourself, you don't need anyone else to save you
also is picrel from something? looks familiar
i can save you. i can protect you
No one is ever going to save you. The only person that can save you is yourself. The perfect conditions to improve your life aren't going to fall into your life. Only proactive action on your own behalf can achieve that. You are an adult. Not a child.
nevermind, found it
https://www.tumblr.com/anerdom/612853846658711552
You probably don't allow people to save you. Every girl I meet on the internet is just obsessed with vapid attention and sex.
Hail Satan.
I enjoyed your post.
Stepped on by a giant version of your picture but a female version
have fun in prison
It's a deer not a goat retard, it doesn't even match the image very closely. Take your meds.
learn how to milk lonely guys for attention and become a vtuber
I know it's not a goat, I saw the horns and ears and my brain automatically associated it
this, do NOT contact any lonely robots and be good to them. you'll be the first to do that and if a femoid doesn't follow herd mentality they get shamed
Expecting someone to come save you isn't realistic. Get up and walk outside. Just a short walk, and observe. Don't try and think over it. Just watch. Take it in.
Next, go back in. Make yourself the most decent food you can. Meat, carbs, something leafy to fill most of the gaps.
Pick up a pen and some paper- anything blank that ain't important- and just write something.
Fuck it actually, here's the throwaway if you need anything: osamabingchilling33@gmail.com
I would save you but I am fat so I would just sicken you.
Don't rot in your room it's sad. You can go for walks outside and explore parks and trails, it doesn't cost anything and it'll make you feel better. I would offer to try and save you if I thought I could but I can't make it longer than a day without drinking so you should find someone better than me
that's up to you to decide
I'll save you op.
Go buy liquor at the nearest store. Drink it outdoors in a park or something, get really snickered,, piss onto your shoes without noticing while providing irrigation to some vegetation, and then go home satisfied with your day.
Problems solved.
All of you are pathetic kike simps giving advice to someone who probably is a tranny at best. This board is full of eunuchs
I may be a pathetic drunk but at least I haven't kysed myself yet so fucn off
I'm tired of trying. I have money, a good career, and my own house. I just wanted a woman of my own race who isn't fat and is willing to be a stay at home wife. Women just want to be prostitutes for free and work a meaningless dead end wagie job. Go fuck a ton of dudes and be a pencil pusher in-between the many peckers you suck. You're too good to change a diaper or cook dinner. You know best and there's nothing better than getting fucked in the ass by a stranger from another race then typing up a memo about how the office is switching to a cheaper brand of artificial dairy free creamer. I'm sure the three cats you rescue will be fulfilling enough to make up for things. That's what you wanted to hear right? Nothing more empowering than choking on the dick of a man who's name you don't know that wouldn't even buy you dinner. Put your tongue on his butthole for extra independenge points.
