Do any of you lads also take a step back every once in awhile and realize how retarded you actually are? Can't post on forums for shit without deleting my entire account over getting embarrassed over some pseudointellectual/retarded shit I actually typed out
Can't post on forums for shit without deleting my entire account over getting embarrassed
thats just insecurity
how insecure do you have to be lmao
Incels Criminals always existed
Fuck the both of you. I know what it is, and I'm asking if others feel and act similarly
yeah im sure there will be plenty of other insecure fags who can relate to this
You sound insecure, OP. I used to be like that too, always scared of being judged and never sharing my ideas or the art I created. People respect you when you aren't scared to show your true self, stop being scared, OP. It's okay to make mistakes.
when i started coding and posted questions on stackoverflow i'd get 20 downvotes in the first 5 minutes and muted for x amount of time. haven't signed up for that shit in 6 years.
All the time. I do the forum thing on a regular basis because if I'm posting, at all, that's generally an indicator of a like sub 3/10 mental health state, hovering at or around "Mom would be sad". Which means that my forum output consists of pulling the level for validation, ratlike, over and over and over again for days on end, during which I'll usually pick a stupid fight with a stranger for no reason, get sociopathically mean during that fight for no reason, catch a suspension or ban, realize what the fuck I've been doing with my time, and purge the account to remove the tiny possibility that any of this shit could every be traced back to me.
why does an upvote downvote system exists on a stack website, at least for original posts wtf
downvotes
Just another way to form online hierarchy and "reputation," even on sites designed solely for exchanging information. I can't even take refuge in places designed for "outcasts" because of it
that system existing on stackoverflow makes more sense than it does on reddit. you want helpful answers to be upvoted so you can see them immediately, on reddit you want to see the minority opinions on the topic but they've been downvoted to hell so you have to scroll for ages.
most of the time i just post retarded shit and people don't think i'm joking and when i'm not i just pretend i am :D
Can't post on forums for shit without deleting my entire account over getting embarrassed over some pseudointellectual/retarded shit I actually typed out
Sounds like a personal problem, ER posting fag
A personal problem
What other type of problem would it be nigger
