Is transgenderism a social contagion?
In some part, yes. In whole? No, things are never so absolute.
Then how come so many teenager girls are having rapid onset gender dysphpria now?
Similar reasons as to why there were major surges of anorexia in the past.
Do you think it will fade?
Yeah, almost certainly you'd expect things to get less popular as time goes on.
Yes. They are like zombies or vampires, they're sterile. They can't have children, so the only way they have to reproduce is turning other people into creatures like them.
The funny answer from trannies is that now that it's a "safe space" more people who were always trannies are coming out
It's one of the tools of the cultural revolution. Emasculation weakens the target society and makes the takeover easier. When the marxists in the western governments, and their chinese masters, openly instal communism in the west, masses of trans people will go to the gulags, because the new world of course don't want perverts in society. And incels will join them there, because losers are also not of use for the regime.
Yes.
And all of it theres no "true trans".
It's just a temporary trend also the number of trannies is still miniscule compared to the outrage it generates
Yea, a movement so big that it has gotten tax payers to front the bill because its victims are so mentally ill that they have to physically mutilate themselves for the sake of metaphysical "pacification" isn't stopping anytime soon.
extraordinarily doubtful.
trannies are like 0.001% of the population. it only seems like a big movement to you because you catastrophize, like most conservatives.
all this tranny shit is basically a bunch of mentally ill autistics who spent too much time on the internet larping as a girl and now they think thats who they are
Weird, does this graph include people who decided they weren't left handed anymore and then basically had to sit in the ruins of their old life. No? weird.
detransitioning is not common. gender affirming care has strong outcomes and low regret rates. reassignment surgery also has lower regret rates than most elective surgery.
it's not really that big of a deal, tbqh
See this is a funny argument, because you say it isn't common because many people dentrasition from being alive to dead. Which weirdly enough is more common than you would think, it's almost as even as a dickless Man or hairy deep voiced titless woman, people kill themselves more often.
Source?
And i dont mean "len 41%" source that more transpeople kill themselves after srs?
its definitely unnatural, its being heavily forced right now
yes but also unironically it's the jews
https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0016885
It is absolutely fucking tiresome but I will concede that trannies are very useful at trolling progressive liberal women.
