adhd ruined my life, no one cared then and no one cares or believes me now.
it is what it is, i shouldn't worry about things that i can't change but i still do. 
can't help but think about how unfair life is, i'm really privileged
Take some responsibility faggot the fact you say "AHDH" ruined your life is telling. I have ADHD and it is literally just a clinical diagnosis for being stupid and lazy. When I fail at things I know it is my fault and I know In the future I must try harder.
how did adhd ruin your life?
are you diagnosed?
how long have you known/suspected?
I'm currently waiting on a tism assessment, and I've wondered if I had adhd in the past. I find it difficult to focus in classes past the half hour mark, and I leave work till days before the deadline, regardless of how many times I tell myself to get on with things early. I also have trouble focusing in conversations, I'll often forget the point of a story halfway through someone telling it to me. I don't know how much of this is just a lack of motivation and depleted attention spans from social media use, but it would be interesting to hear your own experiences
tfw my inability to focus has gotten so bad that I'm at risk of losing my job
go to a psychiatrist to get help
she basically treats me like I'm a junkie looking to get a fix.
lose my job
get another job 
lose it a few months later for the same reason
There's no salvaging my life at this point.
microdose on meth, it's the same
alright, anon
how did adhd ruin your life?
i'm very forgetful, easily distracted as in will frequently sit slumped over in my seat for hours thinking about nothing instead of doing work, i'm not usually very articulate even though i know i can be meaning oftentimes i cannot convey a point the way i imtended, when it comes to doing a task that offers little stimulation it feels like my brain is physically being chewed, i can sit down at a desk with nothing but the task i am meant to do in front of me and even though said task should only take 10 minutes i end spending 2 hours doing it and don't even complete half of it, i have trouble beginning things that i even want to do i often spend the entire day thinking about drawing/ studying a subject im interested in/ playing a video game but never start because i cannot move my body as in the slightest movement feels incredibly unbearably mentally draining
when i was a child it was much more outwardly severe meaning i was fairly isolated from my peers so never really developed well socially, still stunted in that regard. 
plus a dozen other things im not remembering at the moment
are you diagnosed?
now i am
how long have you known/suspected?
since i was about 9 or 10
she basically treats me like I'm a junkie looking to get a fix.
that's a big fear of mine if i ever do eventually get on meds
