Please explain to me how Andrew Tate isn't the biggest simp cuck in existence.
Explain what is wrong with that post?
Anyone uses the word "objectively" is a psued trying to sell you something. Never take anyone uses this word seriously.
All women are beautiful!!1!
As a man you don't have any value if you haven't wageslaved for 20+ years
Literally disguised feminist propaganda
Explain what is wrong with that post?
It is extremely cringey and overdramatic
That's the issue with 90% of manosphere content, it takes itself way too seriously/is too dramatic and ends up being comedic to everyone except the most histrionic of losers
As a man you don't have any value if you haven't wageslaved for 20+ years
not what it says. Huge projection on your part :P
If you're giving e celebs attention you're equally part of the problem.
The post is making pretty objective statements.
As a man, your lack of pussy means you're not automatically valuable.
How do you refute this? Do you fuck trannies to stick it to Tate?
Main thing is that he's an ugly charisma vacuum lmao. He's in good shape but that's all he's got going physically - ugly-ass no chin baldy with a pair of DSLs and jug ears, and textbook awful nerd voice. Weirdly nasal with some kind of hard to put your finger on speech impediment. 
Fascinating to me that people looked at this muppet and were like "Yeah man that's gotta be King Pussy Getter right there, he doesn't just buy himself a bunch of whores".
How do you refute this?
No one said it was wrong, it's the way it's presented that is extremely dramatized, histrionic, and woe-is-me. It's literally female behavior. Same energy as "omg this man approached me in the parking lot to give me my keys and I felt SO UNSAFE because men are RAPISTS I'm LITERALLY SHAKING RN"
women are sex objects
men are not
where's the lie? He's objectively objectifying woman in this post yet you contrarian fuckers on here always want to virtue signal how 'against the crowd' you are and try to go counter whatever cultural narrative you stumble upon. However Tate's stance is already representative of the counter culture so you just end up being a pro narrative cocksucker.
Next you're going to tell me men and woman are equal and to stop objectifying women.
How about you come up with your ideas and make a thread about it instead of being a mindless contrarian retard
It's still pretty much what it implies. Regardless of his intentions, it perpetuates the idea that women just deserve to be placed on a pedestal at the expenses of men working and dying for them.
As a man you don't have any value if you haven't wageslaved for 20+ years
Literally disguised feminist propaganda
Feminism doesn't say that men "gain value" by wage slaving that's a trad take. If you don't like men being expected to wageslave it's traditional values that you are opposed to, not modern or feminist ones.
All you keep doing is writing words and making implications that aren't actually there as if you're NOT on a giant projecting ego trip right now lmao. I bet being left alone with your own thoughts makes you uncomfortable
that's objectively true my friend
No woman is straight if she can kiss another girl without gagging.
deserve
No, no one said deserve. He actually makes it pretty obvious that their value is not earned, therefore why would it be deserved? You are trying to say that he's saying the exact opposite of what he just said. Your reading comprehension is for sure at an incel level
He's a massive faggot
women have intrinsic value
you don't
All you will get by following Tate is being lured into consooming to >beecome a Chad only to be finally accused of sexual abuse by the first woman you will speak to.
i make my own value to myself dont need normies and morons telling me what im worth
deal with it pussy worshipping cuck
Pussy is everything you have to dedicate your life to pussy. Nothing else is of value unless it gets you pussy. 
Pussy whipped cucks pretending that their way of pussy worshipping is any different from simps
muh objectively
you are objectively a slave to your instincts bitch
only beta cucks listen to this bitch ass bullshit
diogenes knew what it was about maybe you should listen to him or figure your own way dumbass
my mom thinks im valuable
probably the funniest post all day
your mom thinks im valuable too
have fun worshipping pussy and being a faggot
Are you aware of that fact that intrinsic, in this context, is also synonymous with 'not earned'? No? Explains why you're an incel. The #1 reason ur single is cus ur a borderline retard and extremely frustrating to attempt to communicate with.
women have undeserved value
therefore worship them
not what the post says dude. Every morning I take a shit I come here and there's always some retard having a break down while being completely unable to comprehend other posts. Today that retard is you.
get up from the shitter and look in the mirror youll see the retard that has a break down every day
Anyone who uses the word "pseud" is either a high schooler or college freshman with an inflated ego. Never take anyone uses this word seriously
This post, and absolutely everything that Andrew Tate preaches, doesn't imply that women have "underserved" value, but that their bodies is all they need to deserve value, and that men just HAVE to larp as a Chad pussy-chasers if they want to be regarded as anything close to as valuable as a woman.
Tate is the biggest disguised simp in existence. For him, you don't deserve pussy if you're not a former athlete pimp living in a villa filled with cars (him), and you just NEED to chase for it or else you shouldn't regard yourself as valuable.
Any 30+ yo wizard that refuses to pay for sex is more valuable than Tate.
NOOOO YOUNG WESTERN MEN, YOU CAN'T HAVE KIDS UNTIL YOU BECOME A BILLIONAIRE KING UNTIL YOU FUCK 7342 DIFFERENT WOMEN UNTIL YOU COLLECT ALL THE DRAGONBALLS UNTIL YOU HUSTLE, GRIND AND SHINE UNTIL YOU OWN A BUGATTI UNTIL YOU PROVE YOU HAVE VALUE........WOMEN ARE JUST BETTER THAN YOU OK!
Zoomer get psyoped so fucking hard all day every day holy shit. The simp right vs the tranny left is the new political paradigm.
It's just a rewording of women have intrinsic value to men, while men don't have intrinsic value to women to men have to create their value to women.
It's not feminist, it's evo psych.
evo psych is as valid as astrology
for retards by retards
undeserved* originally.
If he worded it 
women live life on tutorial mode and have simps lined up
men are either chad or disposable incels
You'd agree with it, don't lie.
i see life in binary and vidya metaphors
go outside neet
go outside
Why? The internet shows people's true colors. Everything people wouldn't say in real life, they'd gladly say on the internet. The internet has exposed millions of men, who'd otherwise be bluepilled betabuxxers, to the true nature of the female mind. There is nothing left going outside for, the game is over, womp womp fuck the matrix.
I'd agree if he didn't always followed by
start the grindset now so you can amass wealth that you will use to reward the women's shallow egos to finally obtain pussy
missed your schizo med doses, neo?
Missed your daily antidepressant, bluepilled fag / roastie?
dont need antidepressants i go out and breathe fresh air
stop breathing tate's dick maybe your head will clear up
Tate is a grifting cocksucker but there's nothing wrong about what's being said here.
Female humans are sex objects whose value is inherent as sexuality.
Male humans are violence objects whose value only finds definition from perceived capacity to enact violence and dominate resources.
This is why there are men around every corner who'd kill to be with a pig-faced 250lb+ landwhale, yet there isn't a woman alive who could feel attraction towards a 5'5'' 120lb male with a 5/10 face and no resources.
yes goy just get back in that hamster wheel
men are the ones who have intrinsic value. Theres a reason indian and chinese families abort their females: women are a terrible investment.
Raising a female is objectively an act of charity.
youre only a violence object so go fight my wars and make me money
fuck off demotivational glowie
bluepilled betabuxxers
implying Tate's followers are not betabuxxers in the making
implying by the time they'll be done with the (((grindset))) there will be any valuable woman left
implying they'll be after anything but your money
implying any woman outside of black prostitutes will not call the police on you when you'll try to "assert dominance in the relationship"
implying your wealth won't be seized when that happens
implying you won't get divorced because of your "alpha ways"
Trully hilarious.
implying by the time they'll be done with the (((grindset))) there will be any valuable woman left
That's why you date 18-22 year olds
implying they'll be after anything but your money
That's all women
implying you won't get divorced because of your "alpha ways"
Don't get married, and if you do then have a prenup and backup offshore accounts. 
Not gonna address the other shit because it's gay and nonsensical
That's why you date 18-22 year olds
I forgot
Implying you won't get a rape accusation
Forgot where Tate is at?
I have to agree with >>73163097 . Men have been exposed to the true nature of female mind and it doesn't deter them from being bluepilled betabuxxers. Most of the incels are a perfect example of knowing all this shit but still doubling down on wanting a woman. My assumption is that if there would ever be a point where men actually stop being simps you would see it when women would suddenly start acting much better. So far we are still on a downward trend towards pussy price increasing.
no 18-22 year old wants your gay ass or any of tate's dick suckers
Men have value in that context because of what they can produce not because of what they are. the fact that women are raised despite their inherent lack of productivity proves men don't have intrinsic value and women do.
Tate himself doesnt believe that as hes a pimp
Men are the reason humans arent extinct, foids would take turns blaming each other after a wild animal mauled half of the tribe to death than plan out strategies to stay alive. Watch Men vs Women The Island to see exactly how shitty this subhuman sex is without us guys around.
Male slaves were always preferred over female ones meaning even in utilitarian sense men have more value than women
yes youre absolutely right thats why us tate fans hate women want to fuck them but just end up butt fucking each other
i broke the matrix in my bros ass
Do you think if he didn't have money he would still have access to sex?, If anything his ability to acquire sex as a ugly dysgenic piece of shit proves that wealth is all that matters, especially trying to get women.
Reminder that if you are young man nobody gives a shit about, literally nobody. Women see you as a wallet and protection. Old people see you as their social security and fast food makers. Your parents only love the idea of you, if you don't live up to their expecations so they can brag about you to their friends they will resent you. Children don't like you. Other young men probably don't even give a shit about you. You most likely would have died in some war by now a thousand years ago and nobody would have given a shit then either. You are nothing more than disposable dogshit, especially if you aren't one of the protected "opressed" POC classes. If you are a young white man and you still try to provide for society in any way, you are a beta cuck faggot.
good goy
you go demotivate those westerners
demotivate those westerners
Unless you're willing to be as "productive" as a chinese man there's nothing to win by playing (((their game)))
Nobody gives a shit about you. A thousand years ago you would have went and died in a war for muh religion or some shit (aka making jews richer.) Now in 2023, your grandparents and parents and sisters are once again trying to ship your ass off to Ukraine so you can die and you can enrich socipathic Jews. Go die in a ditch, young white man, unless you're Chad then that's all your good for anyways.
Literally correct.
reject reality because it makes me feel bad :(
Congrats you have female mentality, as do most incels. Sadly you'll likely never escape this
thank you for the sermon, rabbi
no one gives a shit about me so now ill just wageslave to your people thank you for showing me the way
lots of shaloms to you
