im a coping truecel and im thinking of just starting hrt to castrate myself because i will never use my dick anyways and i kinda like the idea of just having nice big hips and a big butt which i only realised some time after coming to the terms and accepting my fate as a total fuck up loser
i just think its the right thing to do if literally no one has ever wanted me i will just kill the problem at its root
you won't. your body doesn't magically morph with female hormones.
you'll be a mockery of something that tries to be a woman. your dick won't work anymore. then you'll actually become a statistic.
just enjoy being alone. there's a minuscule chance you find someone being normal; being a tranny you'll only get chasers and that's if you pass. which you won't.
if you do wanna look good, go work out. you can get a pretty nice muscular lower body.
You are a boy faggot. There are two things a boy can turn into: a man or a loser. There isn't a third option where you can become a woman lmao. HRT = suicide. Don't say I never warned you.
hip
OP could get hip growth but he'll need to start before age 23 or around that while the growth plates are still open.
butt
OP could get BBL done for that or just eat a lot while on hrt and the female fat distribution will likey kick in. It's very similar to bodybuilding with steroids (testosterone) where most of the benefits are in secondary sex characteristic fat distribution, so eating lots of extra calories is key.
Also OP should do monotherapy estradiol injections to keep it simple and foolproof.
Non-passing trannies get laid too, by men, women, and other trannies.
Plus OP already said he's given up on getting laid.
Go for it, sounds hot.
you will not become a real woman. You will become a sickening and cartoonish depiction at best. Also your "neovagina" will be a rotting wound that smells of feces. Anything is better than becoming a tranny anon. Try finding God, or some other great pursuit and purpose to live and fight for
Most trannies keep their dicks. Srs trannies are even rarer than trannies in general who are already pretty rare.
OP THIS FAGGOT IS LITERALLY JERKING OFF OVER THE THOUGHT OF YOU KILLING YOURSELF DONT LISTEN TO HIM
The actual suicide rate for trannies isn't even 1%.
The 41% meme is the suicide attempt rate for them pre-transition.
4chan used to be pretty into appreciating trannies as a niche porn category until you retard zoomers showed up and started chimping out about them.
The fact is there's a tgirl shortage and way more incel males should go on hrt and ideally do some camwhoring or porn once their tits come in and their bodies look decent.
grow plates close at 18 to 21.
fat distribution doesn't change all that much since oestrogens are only a part of it. and you'll get fatter by pumping yourself full of hormones.
op could put stuff in his ass
he could also just get his face done and look hotter.
haha, no.
and they'll be ostracized and despised. just see the guys like that old webm going "it's ma'am!" with a scared woman and child.
or that other one where some anon makes a philosophical distinction of a tranny's mannerisms against a woman's naturality.
why do you think so many commit suicide?
how do they know the trannies were trannies before trannying out? kek.
mods used to ban you on the spot for that shit.
23 years old autismcel reporting in. A few weeks ago I was in the same mental hell scape, then I decided to fuck it. I went out, I bought some faggy clothes, a pair of glasses that fit my face. I bought a bunch of skincare products to make my face shine. I got a fresh haircut, specifically requested something to "Imoress the ladies". I went to dentist to whiten my teeth and fix my cavities.
Now women can't stop looking at me. At the bus, on the street, I'm turning heads and if I were to hold my gaze they'd look back at me after I've looked away, sending me signals. Yesterday I went out with a friend, met some old friends the way and got to speak with this girl who was gushing over me all night long. She was buying me drinks, laughing at my jokes, holding my hands and spekaing to me in that sweet voice. However, I was too shy to take it to the next level and eventually she want to kiss the barman when I wasn't looking. Big ouch but I learned my lesson. I am sure that I would have had the opportunity to kiss her and fondle her massive boobs had I tbe balls to actually respond to her signals in time.
Learned my lesson desu. I don't even feel bad about it, I loved every moment with her and she wasn't in it for anything long-term to begin with. Walking together on the streets and hanging out at the bar really felt like a girlfriend experience and I am grateful for the opportunity she presented. 
I also talked to another woman and she also responded well, smiling ear to ear and gushing at my comments. She was heel-toe jumping after I spoke to her but at this point i was so inebriated I got distracted talking to an older guy about life. 
We are all going to make it, bros. Learn body language, be aware of your expressions, dress nice/stylish and smell well. Don't be a pussy, talk to the woman, but don't be a dick and respond to her signals. Once you get that right the rest is simple fun.
The vast majority don't commit suicide and non-pasing trannies definitely can have sex still. If nothing else they can fuck each other, which many do. And that's irrelevant anyway since OP said he's given up on sex.
That person isn't a virgin and also looks that way because of first going on hrt after age 40. Pretty big difference between that and pic related.
Lmao are you unironically doing the "just shower" meme with extra steps on some post about this fag deciding whether or not they're a girl?
They do surveys of trannies on how many had suicide attempts in the past before transitioning you brainlet.
Obviously you are too low IQ to comprehend my comment. I was addressing the OP anyways.
absolutely based.
ever seen 4chan meetup pics? almost everyone is decently attractive, they just have to groom themselves and know how to be social.
the percentages are not attempts, they're the ones that went through.
also, while robots will deny and "redpill" that, it's literally just being social and looking well-kept.
BLATANTLY AROUSED BY THE IDEA OF YOUNG MEN RUINING THEIR LIVES. KILL YOURSELF YOU'RE EVEN MORE PATHETIC THAN THEY ARE.
OP YOU GOTTA STOP WATCHING PORN AND BECOME A MAN YOUR LIFE IS IN YOUR OWN HANDS NO ELSE ONE CAN SAVE YOU.
I'm the groomer and I didn't post that.
I have no problem with anons learning how to get good at being male. Zyzz was basically just a beta male to alpha male tranny and he was pretty cool.
I'm a proponent of bodymodding in general.
No, they're attempts. You literally can't find anywhere that claims 41% of trannies actually kill themselves because they don't.
okay, pretty fucking based.
start shilling gym and steroids instead of hrt.
op here after reading the replies
so now what i guess? i dont want to look like an old balding man thats for sure
i dont really care about passing as female or anything or having sex or ever getting the srs
ill just exist for myself by myself without anyone else like i already did so far
go to the gym.
you'll look better, your body will work better, you'll feel better.
even working out itself is great because you get pumped with endorphins and everything else to make you feel nice.
I shill both. I think roiders are cool (and was a roider myself for a bit back in college) and I think tgirls are hot.
Mostly depends on if you're more the type who likes controlling and dominating others (be a roider in that case) or the type who hates responsibility and would rather have an exciting loss of control (be a tgirl in that case).
More people should get mechanical bodymods too like magnetoreceptors in their fingers, or functional alterations like split tongues (would like to receive a blowjob from a girl with a split tongue one day, they can control either side autonomously). And use LSD or ketamine for more exotic mindspaces.
ew i dont like that
Most trannies don't get srs.
And most of them just grow tits that they hide in a hoodie and then nobody even knows they're trannies in real life aside from maybe wondering why your skin and hair look nicer.
Just going on hrt on its own isn't that big of a deal and you don't have to jump into being dressed up like a girl in public.
As for balding, hrt would be the most effective drug possible for preventing that (trannies you see pics of with male pattern baldness started hrt after they had already begun to go bald).
i guess luckily all of my family is flat so no boobs to worry about
the skin things dound nice desu and especially the hair i like my longer hair and the roughness of male skin is weird
41 tranny ywnbaw livestream a double triple backflip
That's very cool. Anyways, have this.
cool 2b art
