Is there really any hope for such a repulsive failure of a specimen? Can a sad lowly creature like this even truly be regarded as human? 
Surely it would be better to put such a bald hideous monster out of its misery. 
(Not me in pic btw, found it on Google while searching for white male)
Not going to lie, no matter how many times I hear "The Pig Children", it will never not sound kino.
I often find myself wishing that the first white mutant had been strangled in his crib, all those thousands of years ago, henceforth ending the white race and saving humanity from the plague that is MPB. 
We were a mistake. A monstrous hybrid lab experiment of demon spliced with pig DNA. There is no going back. It would have been better to have never been born. 
(Not racist btw, I am a white male myself)
Not me in pic btw
Aren't you the same faggot that spams /adv/ whining about not getting a white tradwife? I recognize the weird pentagon head.
imagine being self hating just because you're fuckin going bald
I want to rub my ballsack on your bald head
He is not wrong, is he.
No, that was not me. I do not know who you are referring to, sorry. 
(Not me in the pic either btw, was the first result I found on on Google Images while searching for 'hopelessness')
White extinction is inevitable at this point. Someone should have killed the poor bugger while he still looked human.
Is it weird that Samuel threads are the thing I look forward to most each day? They genuinely make me laugh harder than anything else posted on this board.
Shit hair transplant
Why do they make you laugh?
Not surprised the misery of this poor sod can bring joy to onlookers. Thats about the only thing this worthless bald freak ever accomplished in his sad gray little life. I want to smash his hideous face in.
You see yourself in Samuel, dont you. That is why you get so violently enraged by him. You want to smash your own face in. You hate yourself and project this hate onto Samuel, a man who has never done anything to anyone. A harmless being. A beautiful soul. A transcendent being.
Everything about them is hilarious. The pictures, the self posting, the third person, the obsession with balding, the extreme levels of self loathing, and the same type of copypasta tier phrases, knowing a real person is posting this about himself daily, no joke it actually makes me cry with laughter sometimes kek
A harmless being. A beautiful soul. A transcendent being.
This is what I fucking mean. I love these threads so much its unreal kek.
I dont think this is the same person. His typing style seems off. And this is actual rote copying of earlier Samuel threads. Samuel usually posts original text in every thread.
What about the pictures makes you laugh?
I do not know this man, I only know that I hate him. His outer hideousness is a clear reflection of an even uglier core. I wish him nothing but endless pain, which he surely inflicts upon himself anyway. 
This subhuman Scottish cuck deserves everything he gets. To be bald is a curse, and I am glad he will never get to procreate nor spread this curse to any unsuspecting children. 
Not even cosmetic surgery could salvage this ogreish monstrosity. What this cursed abomination craves is a hot lead implant. 
(Pic rel was the first image I found after typing subhuman Scottish cuckolds into Google images)
Why do you hate white people so much? Why do you wish such misfortune on the white race?
He looks exactly like my uncle
Where are you from? Is your uncle a monster?
He is Scottish, no joke. When I saw the OP pic I thought it was him. And yeah he is balding too lol.
