god is raping me with a ghost while i write this. am i really meant to believe any of you are real? i am being raped by a ghost. on a planet of supposedly 8 billion, i am the only one being raped by god? 
somebody please save me, he is an evil monster who rapes and tortures humans
planet
oh dear
hey buddy, time to take your med.... HELLFIRE COCK, HAHAHA YEAHHH YOU LIKE THAT YOU LITTLE PIGGY??
Dude like
hits vape pen
Corporations and stuff.. the family unit.. 
coughs really loudly and retches
Nike and Saturn man like
starts crying
GOD IS RAPING ME DUDE
yes, god starved me to be anorexic and locked me away in social isolation for 30 years before he began raping me with a ghost 24/7. i am being raped while i write this. i am experiencing agony that doesn't stop.
god keeps raping me over and over. he rapes me every 5 seconds. it never stops. i am not allowed to relax or calm down. hes raping me while i write this. it never stops. it doesn't matter what i do, he never stops raping me. he has been raping me 24/7 for 3 years. it never stops.
the only thing i can think about is trying to destroy my head. i've tried overeating to give myself a heart attack, but he healed my body with magic and sucked out my stomach. i've tried jumping from a building, but he plays mind tricks on me every time i go. its a far walk to get there. he changes my awareness to make me too afraid to move. hes raping me so badly right now. i am in extreme pain. i cant stop thinking about smashing my skull against a brick wall. i've done it lots of times, its the only time he stops raping me. i smash my skull until i cant close my mouth. it makes the rape stop. i physically feel a ghost raping me. literally, i am being raped by a ghost 24/7. i am in extreme pain.
hes been raping me extra hard for the last 3 weeks. i cant stop screaming. he is raping me 24/7. it never stops.
he never stops raping me. please make it stop. i cant stop screaming. the cops are going to come again, they always come when i scream. they wont believe god is raping me. i am being raped by a ghost, and i even have proof. but nobody will believe it. people make dumb jokes like you when the image i posted is clearly not normal. i also literally feel a ghost raping me. i am being tortured by god
the mind is a place where we can draw pictures and say words. god can also draw pictures and say words for me. he uses this ability to torture me. he shows me naked women, as a way to force me to think about sex. but he does not let me have sex, which is why he starved me to be anorexic. to deny me all the good things in life. its not enough that i dont have sex, he constantly reminds me about it. then when i feel bad, he starts to rape me. he has done this exact routine to me around 500,000 times. i am being raped and tortured.
healthiest r9k poster
