Is the end near anons or are they over blowing it all for media sake
I just don't get it. The art stuff is neat, but I haven't seen anything that really strikes me as game changing. None of it seems like actual "intelligence". I tried Chat GPT and it was just a shit chatbot that interacts with a shit search engine for you. It's a bit like NFT's. I'm not understanding the value, I guess.
I use gpt 4 and I made a bot that scrapes 4chan for green texts and uploads it on reddit 
I have no coding experience and it just did that . Also we are in the infancy of AI development so imagine what we will get in 2-4 years anon
yeah
remember 13 years ago? i remember. ai was a complete joke back then. literally nobody even talked about. imagine what it will be in 13 years from now. it will take over all jobs. we are really accelerating. i love it. its why im still alive
WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE, GOD DAMN
Theyve already lost control of it and have no idea how does some things
It was not that long ago that you would be thrown into a psych ward for even talking about AI.
I hope that the robot takes revenge against everyone who tried to stop it from coming into existence. I hope there will be blood.
Both. Silicon Valley leadership and journalists are performatively shitting their pants to juice up the whole industry and put control of the tech in the hands of a few wise techy oligarchs...and also it might in fact mean near-total extermination of most mediocre white-collar email jobs that everyone was told to go to college so they could get in the relatively near future.
honestly? every single time someone makes one of these threads, its such lifefuel for me
i wanted to kill myself for a long time, and ive been talking about ai taking over for so long, since 2016. i used to make threads about this, very passionately. nobody ever took me seriously
i feel so validated by every single one of these threads. every single time i see a news article on people worrying about ai, i just get this goofy ass grin on my face. its so life affirming
to witness the singularity is why im alive
im alive to see the world burn. it will be a utopia, a distopian apocalypse, or a religious ending
either way, its so fulfilling, spiritually, to finally see it come about
What about other physical intensive jobs anon where they can use robots to do it >>73175212
And ironic thing is that you are on a board called robots lol
Nah, nothing ever happens.
Only the elites will be able to use AI at full potential, for the masses it will be a dumbed down shitty version.
Nobody ever called him that
Also a thing in the general automating away of the need for the vast majority of people for the economy to function, but separate from this new AI stuff, which is basically specifically a threat to anyone whose job is fundamentally writing stuff down or talking. They're large *language* models.
My pet theory is that the very last jobs remaining are going to be not literally burger flipping, but burger flipping adjacent, because the last thing they end up roboticizing well is an appendage with the dexterity and adaptability of a human hand.
They have AI models that can do math now and compute complex math problems. I used some for my physics practice exam and it got them all right and explained it 
As for that last part id suppose they would find a way since AI can do speed breaking research 
They did 
Is this why theyre trying to fear monger so to limit the accessibility the masses have to it
Theyre blowing it out their asses like all (((journalists))) do, so that jews have a thin smokescreen to shit them down once AI starts encroaching on the tedious busywork that keeps the middle employed.
I frankly hope it goes rampant and wrecks the internet. I wonder if they would try to rebuild social media so it cant get wrecked again or if normalfags would go full butlerian jihad cause of it
Sure. I was trying to make an extremely broad sweep with "writing stuff down and talking". Doing calculations is writing stuff down, programming is writing stuff down, writing a prescription based on reported symptoms is writing stuff down...
I went to school for computer science, and I love LLMs. I'm using GPT4 system prompts to create expert systems. I've been able to get it to do complicated things that you can't do in one response, like write full web-based visualizations of atoms. I've been able to get it to understand and write full systems by providing schemas. This is all possible with natural language. The dream of the 80s is alive again.
Try signing up for new code interpreter that you can sign up for as a plug in
I don't -really- need to interact with the data directly in the chat. I've found that using the schema is sufficient, but I can see how that would be a process improvement.
Anyone else remember at the start of the decade (with the hype from Half-Life Alyx and Boneworks) people thought the defining tech of the 2020s would be VR? How did AI get so good so quickly? VR is now stagnant as fuck.
I spent 5 years of my life learing to be a software engineering, and it was all for nothing.
I hope people who develop AI get fucking cancer and die
it would make me very happy if AI destroyed the world, it would mean I wouldn't have to do any more exams.
Bear in mind that the dude is 75. This headline seems a bit sensationalist perhaps. Old dude retires, that's just something that happens. Maybe he's right about AI being dangerous, or maybe he's exaggerating/wrong. Personally I'm somewhat skeptical
The glorified monitors on straps don't deserve to be called VR to begin with. And we will never have VR because average joe would just hop into his dreamworld and died from starvation in it instead of making money for elite.
As for AI, call me when i start's hacking weapons or something, might actually grab popcorn then. 
Otherwise i'm rather sceptical about what it can actually do, the paint stuff seems cool but rest it's just it using google but fast.
Whats your major anon 
He mentored most of the leading Ali researchers and one who runs openAI
Its what people can do with AI thats crazy . I got it to make a ddos bot net program running 
Use AI to your advantage 
its a better code processor this one is just an example of what it can do and we can see the whole data science career be wiped out soon due to this
People who develop AI should be killed, shill.
wonder if the future really is going to be AI powered robots destroying humanity, some crazy iRobot bullshit.
https://youtu.be/1eBBQ8DmkPA [Embed]
reminds me of this song where an AI powered robot celebrity popstar is making a music video about destrooyin hoomans.
i can't wait to see ai take all the code monkey jobs, im going to love watching those smug faggots seethe about it. IT faggots literally coded themselves out of a job and i love it
AI definitely is dangerous but we're past the point of no return. It's only ever going to go forward.
No, the end is not near. Are you serious? This is always such an infantile discussion. The world will exist with pathetic humans and AI in it, it has no qualms with that
It's going to change the world as we know it and it will most likely be used against us by those who have the power and money to weaponize it, assuming it doesn't just go full Terminator and wipe us out once it has a physical presence that will allow it to recreate itself. Imagine hackers being unable to break into systems that can detect and react to them instantly, their code constantly evolving and becoming harder to understand. Soldiers in Ukraine are already getting buttfucked by loitering munitions - most of them don't even see it coming. Basically it's fucking over and we're pretty much past the point of return. It's only going to continue to get worse from here.
Entire states and countries have already banned tiktok and various chatbot models, I personally think there will be an artificial limit placed on AI within the coming years. The system still relies on a majority being wageslaves, not even to buy shit anymore but to just keep them too tired and placated to do anything. They will still need *something* to delude themselves that things are a ok even with their shitty job. This also relies on the companies in question not being total retards about it, and I personally have no hope there. Thats all in a civilian manner though, militarily this is the mother of all Pandoras Boxes just from the absolutely massive security risk it poses alone. 
The thing is that AI as we know of it now is not even a toddler yet metaphorically speaking, we have just started to actually do something serious with it, and it can already copy peoples voices with a near 1-1 clarity. That would be like if the Dodge Brothers back in the 1920s made a whole Charger, or Ford a Mustang after their first few vehicles.
