How small is your penis and did it effect your confidence?
My penis is a measly 3.5 inches and because of it I don't do dating or tinder.
Average penises are in the worst spot. We're the neglected middle child. Everyone likes big dicks and small dicks have more of a niche than you would think. Average dicks attract nobody.
5.1/13cm
It never affected my confidence because I'm a virgin and no girl made fun of me for having a small penis. Even if one girl did that now, It's already too late, I wouldn't care.
is that your dick? it looks nice..
as long as you clean it
6x5.5 inches and I've never received a single complaint about it. I love my cock. Just wish the jews hadn't stole my foreskin.
Thank you :) It is mine. It's an inch or so bigger when erect.
small dicks have more of a niche than you would think
this is mega cope, on another note has anyone tried jelqing?
Anon.
Stop blaming jews for what your parents did.
5 inches and change, been told a few times by random internet people and the one woman I paid to take my V-card that it's pretty thick. 
It is probably objectively perfectly serviceable, but I cannot whatsoever deal with the fact that I'm competing with actual proper *cocks* in the 7 to 8 inch range. Doesn't help that I'm a major grower, so combine that with being slightly stumpy while erect and I've got an absolute child penis when I'm soft. 
So, yeah, generally terrified of sexual intimacy, and have never been with anyone who wasn't either actively being paid by me or had seen a full-body nude in advance of meeting up (i.e. gay guys with no standards off Craigslist and Grindr).
tiny when flaccid and mostly just foreskin, but closer to average when erect.
doesn't affect me because nobody else will see it anyway
Get an escort for the love of god
it's not his parents fault tbf they got brainwashed by thinking jewish rituals are normal
I hate to ruin the pity party for you guys, but normal girls really don't care that much about your dick size. 
The most attractive thing about a guy is charisma, confidence, money, intelligence, and appearance. In that order.
Where would you like me to get my charisma and confidence from if I'm ugly with a small dick you dingbat
Women dont care about intelligence at all. Nerds are not popular.
I'm well below average but I've done ok with women. I've always had pretty good jobs, even in my teens I had some decent cash to take girls out and treat them.
I'm kind of in the sugar daddy role now.
Especially girls wanting stability and to be looked after
My dick is 6.7" bone pressed, but the thing is, all that does for me is not give me low confidence specifically for that.
Women don't date me or sleep with me because my dick is above average, they have no fucking idea what size it is.
Being intelligent doesn't make you a nerd.
Being a social misfit makes you a nerd.
Bro... if you only have one of the five most important things a woman wants, that's not a lot of points in your favor.
Damn, if only there was some ugly bitch with no tits and a flat ass that fucking wishes any thing with a dick and a heartbeat would show a morsel of interest in her. Your options might not be many but they do exist, that is, unless you can't get out of your own head for the five seconds it would require to speak to one.
7.5 inches with roughly 99th percentile thickness. I do not feel more confident because I have a slightly above average penis and wish it was bigger. An extra inch of length and more thickness would be nice.
Exactly, just hire a bull to do all that sex work which women don't like anyway.
Ah, the human condition. You're sitting there with the dick I would trade decades off the end of my life for, and insecure about it.
slightly above average
Don't tell me you've fallen for the self reported studies meme lol
The "average" for white men (including geriatrics with erection disorders) is 5.8 inches. The real average is probably in the mid-6" area.
Definitely wouldn't be calling 7.5 slight, considering the small percentage of men who actually have a penis that big.
More men have a penis that size than the studies let on. Also, something to consider: basically all penis size studies exclude men with micropenises because they'll "affect the average" and bring it down to a smaller size, but they don't do the same with men who have macropenises.
Sorry man, I guess all my experience is from the real world. I can't speak much for what goes on inside your pillow fort.
Women love sex, just not sex with you (or most men). I don't mean that as an insult, it's just true.
My penis is a measly 3.5 inches
same, but im so ugly that my dick size literally doesnt matter. still i'd rather have a big one than a small pecker but nobody is ever going to see it anyway, makes no difference.
small dicks have more of a niche than you would think.
only to faggots who want small dick bottoms. if you are a straight guy with a small dick you are fucked for life.
How can studies be falsifying how large men's penis' are while simultaneously excluding smaller men to not bring down the average? Might be misreading.
I never take penis discussions on the internet very seriously because 4chan is supposedly full of men with 8x6 willies, the only anecdotes or arguments they have is from porn (camera tricks and 5'1'' tiny women, porn dicks are usually only 7'' to my knowledge) and self reported studies.
How can studies be falsifying how large men's penis' are while simultaneously excluding smaller men to not bring down the average? Might be misreading.
The latter is true, at the very least. Penis size surveys and studies do not include men with penises under a certain length, but willingly include men with much larger than average penises. This is because having a micropenis (under 4 inches) is considered a medical condition, but having a 8.5-9 inch penis isn't. Statistically speaking, a "macropenis" would actually be anything 2.5 standard deviations above the average, which would include anything over about 7.5-8 inches.
My penis is 6" but it's very thin. I avoid dating too as a result.
My penis is cube - 14 x 14 cm. Im rather conscious about having a PE and dark pigmentation mark.
~5.25 - 5.5 inches, thin/not very thick (~4+ in) which has become my main concern after I got older/lost weight. 
only like an 1 inch flaccid in the past, now around 2
I used to be fat which made it even smaller at the time. Thought I had a micropenis for a while as my flaccid length was tiny (was tinier then). Still is, despite weight loss. It negatively affected my confidence, but not as much as other factors in my life. It just served as another reason I used against myself when I was reasoning why I am a piece of shit or will never date a woman since I assumed I probably wouldn't even be able to satisfy her. It still lingers in the back of my mind. I still am adverse to a public shower and the like over possible mockery or shame. I still have never approached a woman. Still have never tried dating. 
It doesn't matter to me at this point as no one will ever see it. However, it just served as ammo I used against myself in the past, as you cannot shut off your inner negative self-critic if you have no evidence to disprove them. Of the reasons I used against myself though, this one rarely came up except maybe earlier in my life.
Congratulations on weight loss anon. How much did you lose?
Interesting that larger penis' are included in these studies and they barely the raise standard. I think what's important for men to understand that the average is just that, an average. If your penis is 7'' or 7.5'' that's still significant enough over a majority of the population.
When we talk about micros is could be that it's an insignificant portion of the population that actually has them. But we could say the same for macros right? Well the ones actually participating in these studies may not be as insignificant, they probably have more confidence as well, micros would be less inclined to participate. If we're going off of condom studies, then I think the confidence argument could be made similarly.
I have a pencildick.
I hate it, but I'm incel for other factors regardless.
Of course I'd be more confident if I knew I had a big dick. I'd probably feel less bad masturbating too.
around ~90-100 lbs over the course of a year. still heavier than I want to be by about 10-20 lbs. Can never get lighter than 160-175 lbs and stay there for long. still have a slight muffin top/gut that I can't get rid of. Cutting more results in my weightlifting declining significantly, so I've slowly been trying to recomp. 
Slightly below the weight I'd drop down to if doing athletic crap in high school/early college, though my weight has always fluctuated a lot over the course of my life. Was typically on the heavier end, even when doing sports
90-100 lbs over the course of a year
Very nice. Was it mostly due to weightlifting or diet?
dude with a girlfriend here they really fucking dont lol
they really fucking dont lol
about what?
Around 6 inches, slightly more depending on how horny I am. 5.2 inches thick or some shit as well. No thundercock but it is what it is.
Does your penis get the job done?
Who cares about what's normal when we're here on r9k?
almost entirely diet - cut back to 1250-1500 calories/day - have maintained that since though plateaued later. ate mostly chicken/spinach/fish/dairy (cheese, etc) (mainly lean protein + leafy vegetables+berries at times). Restricted carbs due to them not being calorie efficient and not making me full/not providing feeling of satiety. wasn't trying for keto really, but i was trying to maximize protein intake per calorie consumed. mainly did it to save money by not eating out at work. steak/ground beef is expensive relative to chicken too at grocery store. main difference was buying a food scale and learning portion sizes while counting calories. gave me a greater nutritional sense now. 
physical activity remained the same - ran 3-5 miles a couple times a week, lifted 3+ days a week. early on I was doing a lot more cardio due to other injuries related to lifting. got thyroid shit more under control (have hypothyroid - makes it harder to lose weight though not to obesity levels). You cannot outrun what you eat. Became easier to dissuade self from eating when I equated it with the running/effort required to burn it off. A donut became equivalent to a 2.5 mile run in my mind. I had lifted on/off since middle school, so that didn't make much of a difference.
I didn't eat particularly unhealthy prior to losing weight, especially relative to peers. My weight's always fluctuated greatly though, regardless of physical activity. Always surprised people as I was athletic despite being chubby/fat. Just learned I can't get away with eating much.
4.25" and i'm 6ft 3 which makes it look even smaller. I wouldn't dream of trying to date anyone now with this, can you imagine pulling it out and trying to satisfy a woman with it?!
Imagine having a beautiful big dick, but can't use it because you are an incel.
