mfw
She's right. Once you fix other aspects of your life, a gf will come naturally
ISHYGDDT. You should know better, Anon.
do normangroids genuinely believe this when they say it? like it's a special event where the right conditions will spawn a gf, or there's an association monitoring everyone and they're going to mail you a gf once you meet all the requirements?
what if only problem is no gf?
i went bc of what happened to brennan in step brothers. he gfd
Yes. 
Do these things and your chance if finding a gf will multiply tenfold
That's not true. You have several problems that need fixing, the main one being your addiction to the incel board
wut are you the gurrnament?? the kid is trying to get a gf for fucks sake. he wasnt to be himself
Yes, moron.
I was a 8.5/10 in high school I had girls all over me and I was too autistic to get a gf. You can look as good as you want if you live and act like a freak because you are badly socialised and live like a freak you wont get a GF even if you looked like a model.
not an incel board. not addicted.
wants** 
(sorry for dyslexia display)
normalfags love to refer to highschool to imply they are not normies. you didnt glow up retard, u just grew. 
what do?
youre English comprehension is fucking horrible im struggling to understand you
*your
*I'm
*No dot at the end of the sentence.
newfag/normalfag red flag #3
i've had all of those my whole life though, got a job during college at 21, am 27 now and make 3 times the average wage in my country
i've always been sporty and in shape, i'm a clean freak and don't leave the house if my clothes and hair don't look good
always had friends, all male though
my mental's been getting worse since high school, until 2 years ago when i stopped giving a fuck entirely, but success with the ladies is still unchanged
tdlr your "chances" are some random bs you spout without thinking, all to feed your own clueless ego thinking that you're right
the problem with giving advice like "do thing to get sex" is women might not want to fuck you regardless of what you do.
many normalfaggot guys still say that shit, but a lot of the women have realized that they wouldn't fuck incels under any circumstances, and are now talking about acceptance
of course, they don't want you to recognize that this means you've been universally rejected by women, so they pretend shit like >>73178950 will work, as if every incel is a hikkineet
100% in denial
Lies of the celibate
I love my femshrink. She drops little hints and will speak in a soft asmr voice at times, but I'm too fucking much of an autist to do anything about it. Still love it
How did you even end up here then? Did your favorite tiktok egirl post about r9k
If you're not happy alone you won't be happy in a relationship. Just sort it out before you reach a point where nothing at all makes you remotely happy and you don't even want a gf anymore
Surprisingly based for a femoid shrink. You need to learn to accept and appreciate yourself and strive for doing what is best for you and your well-being. You might feel like your life is miserable because you so not have a gf, oftentimes the reality is that the lack of a significant other only is a symptom of a far deeper problem. Hoping to find a solution to this issue through others will ultimately, since you will either not be able to engage in a relationship in the first place or you will realize that personal happiness isn't achieved through others if you actually manage to do so.
To put it simple, you need to learn to love yourself. Somebody else loving you still won't replace that and you will always question said love and yourself since you do not even comprehend the concept of unconditional love.
foid sad because no bf
"Oh hunny you prefect just the way you are" "still to your standards" 
"You don't need a gf" "your not entitled to a gf" "you can only have agf when you become a perfect cell"
Jfl
Thank kami I started loving anime waifus.
Now I don't have to deal with this bullshit anymore, I am finally off the self improvement treadmill and on to living and enjoying life
psychology is a pseudoscience and you shouldn't take advice from women, especially not those younger than yourself. any woman under 60 is equivalent to a 12 or 13 year old boy mentally.
wishful thinking
there's no warranty of such thing.
Been going to a headshrinker recently cause uni offers it for free, and no joke like 5 mins into our last session the guy started lecturing me unprompted about "we can't all be Chad" (verbatim). I didn't even bring that shit up. Didn't once mention women or relationships or sex or any dumb manosphere internet slang. So either the guy's a reformed incel (which he might be, since he's a bald Canadian manlet with one of those lumberjack microbro beards), or I radiate virgin energy to such an extent that my powerlevel is plainly evident to normies. I don't know which is worse.
Therapy is a joke.
She's right. If you're unhappy being single and all your validation relies on having a gf the relationship would be unhealthy even if you do manage to find one. You don't go to a store hungry and you don't get into relationships when you're not OK with being single
This, that's exactly it
I cannot fix my height or bad genetics which are what determines if I get a girlfriend
Zero times ten... well you get the joke.
Ok I straight up don't get your analogy. What do you meant you don't go to a store hungry? If I'm hungry and I'm not at home/out of ingredients where the fuck else am I supposed to go?
fag
If your perception is that all your troubles comes from the lack of a girlfriend, then yeah, your shrink is right, you have a shit ton to fix before you're even ready to be in a relationship because you're going to attach hard like it's your only source of oxygen to whoever is dumb enough to spreads their legs for you. 
In other words, your shrink called you a walking red flag warehouse.
what's up with normalfags invading our board? I guess I'll go on wizchan or .is, this is madness.
The problem is that in your case, your hypothetical girlfriend is going to be your one and only source of emotional comfort, emotional intimacy, probably your only real friend judging by you just posting here. And it's going to be wonderfull in those first month or two.
But then it's not going to work out for her, she dumps you and you spin completely out of control and become a crazy ex boyfriend.
Because you have nothing else in your life to fall back on.
fuck off newfag, moot should have never revived this fucking board.
You're taking things too literally, anon
In this context it just means that until you resolve your internal issues that make you crave relationships as the only way to be content with life (be it the lack of internal validation or something else) you would either have a lot of trouble finding said relationships or if you find one it'll turn unhealthy without solving anything. If you crave love from others without loving yourself first you may be too insecure and or/desperate to actually be appealing and if you do manage to find a partner you might either grow too bored of them, cling to them too much without giving them personal space or just insert any other unhealthy relationship pattern that at best won't solve your internal problems and at worst it'll make them even worse. Or your relationships might even seem pretty healthy but because you base your value off them the moment you break up your self-esteem is gonna take a massive hit and you'll end up being just as unhappy if not more
It doesn't help that having a predisposition to unhealthy relationships generally attracts people with similar predisposition as well and even if you find someone who is healthy the relationships with them likely wouldn't last. Same if they started with an unhealthy predisposition but got into a more healthy mindset later
Also this, that also makes sense even though it's just one case scenario, it's also possible that once you get a gf the unhealthiness might spin into you getting bored of her and seeking more and more ways of external validation or another unhealthy scenario. It really all depends
No no, you don't get it. The analogy can't make sense if the first thing being used in the comparison makes no sense. The second thing can't make sense out of the first one. I'm just making fun of anon for a retarded analogy really.
She's based. Accept you're an undesirable human being hat doesn't need to reproduce and find other joy in life.
