make my tinder auto swipe on every woman
match with a bunch of fat ugly women because I'm ugly as well
they message me first and send me thoughtful and enthusiastic messages, thinking I actually wanted to match with them
they flirt with me, say they wanna play videgames with me, ask if I want to be their boyfriends
I ignore them because they're ugly
I hate this, I feel like crap for making them go through this, just give me a thin non-npc gf already so I can leave this horrible app
You have a choice to have sex, go for it
you really searched lindsay lohan on tumblr to post this
I'm the same except i would give any woman a chance no matter how she looked like but they don't swipe on me and I'm just as invisible on these apps as in person.
not even a single (of something that isn't s bot) like in 8 months
Just fucking kill me already
I hate this, I feel like crap for making them go through this, just give me a thin non-npc gf already so I can leave this horrible app
First, congrats on having a conscience. Second, if you want to stop doing this to women, you will have to start swiping left sometimes.
Sorry but you are a bad person anon. Brutal how ugly men and ugly women both force eachother to be lonely forever. Two ugly retards would rather waste their lives alone fantasizing about hot people who will never want them than just be together.
they flirt with me, say they wanna play videgames with me, ask if I want to be their boyfriends
regular women would never do ANY of those... sigh
i would be matching them but i just. can't. drive.
It's just impossible for a me to find fat women attractive, she has at least to be thin. If I wanted someone only for personality I'd be looking for a friend, I need to have some attraction to her.
Do you understand the irony of that? The women who ignore you feel the same way about you anon
Yeah but I'm not fat. I'd kill for a woman with my BMI.
And before you mention it, I'm not short either.
That's the eternal struggle.
Always looking for a girls who's the right balance between being nice or bitchy, ugly or hot. 
Remember, an ugly wife is a treasure at home
