Where do i find a bf like this?
- Loner (literally has 0 friends online and irl, so he could devote himself to me) 
- Loser (been bullied/has bad grades/failed school/family issues etc.) 
- No hobbies, interests 
- Boring
- 19-20yo 
- Anxious/depressed/autistic
- At least average looking, might have some ugly features though (+not fat) 
Hmm, that's pretty much it. My only friend was like that, but got too fucking social and lost interest in me. I wanna be special for someone, whether i deserve it or not. It feels like there are no loners out there at all, everyone seems to have at least 1 friend.
Bumpppp 
uc/
Also where are your tits, tranny? No tits, no thread
wow thats literally me except I'm 26
Lower your standards and stop being so shallow and picky
Which of course means "Be in the top 10 or 20% of men" because only a small sliver of men are even seen as merely average
Im 22 I qualify for everything else
I think I'm disqualified here, have fun anons, im gonna go run some errands and read my manga
I am like that but I would prefer to be friends first rather than jumping right into a relationship. 
Do you have a discord?
Loner
I only have a handful of friends offline, and quite a few online. I would still be willing to put most of my focus on the object of my affections, though.
Loser
I am an academic failure and am only starting to slightly improve. My GPA is atrocious.
No hobbies, interests
I have them but always do them half-heartedly, leading to me never truly improving.
Boring
Check!
19-20
Check, but my birthday is coming up soon.
Anxious/depressed/autistic
I get anxious super easily and I have depressive episodes every few months. I have suspicions of being autistic.
Sounds like me.
What are you like, anon?
are yo trans?
i have a (ex) freind who might be able to help that was only into trans gorls
he fits all those perfectly though except hes 25 and im bi but i get the appeal completely
autistic lonely dull depressed losers with no life that are cute but with definite imperfections are godsent
That is Mr except I'm 32 and I am limes
matt? is that you? 
let me post nigguh my comment is original i promise
He's limes, time to bring in the SCP foundation.
No individual should consist of a group
But then along comes Chad... whooo!
Tossin' your plushies right out of the way
and then along comes Chad... he says:
"forget those losers, they're probably gay"
Nnn! Nnn! You want Chad - you want him inside!
Maybe he'll ask you to be his bride!
Maybe he'll call you, maybe he'll stay?
Who cares? You're fucking Chad today! Yeah yeah yeah!
And then along comes Chad...
Come on guys, I thought you were better than this
I'm this but 28 and I like anime.
literally me, whats your disc?:3
Why do you want to date a literal blank slate? I'm a boring autist with zero social life and even I struggle to fit exactly into those standards.
liking anime isnt a hobby lol
woah haha so crazy that theres so many of us like this. i am all mentioned, except just turned 21. crazy stuff lol!!
Then I am all of that but 28.
Are you OP or someone else?
You sound like a tranny who wants a bf identical to your former self to compensate for a transition that you later regretted. Did I guess correctly?
I'm gonna post my tag straight away, because I don't have the energy to engage an OP that might never reply
Bastion#2103 (only thing different is that I'm 21)
This is my only hope
I would prefer to be freinds first
Yeahh, that's what i meant 
Do you have a discord? 
NX49#5565
What are you like, anon?
I'm like what i wrote in my post, lol 
What kind of anxiety do you have? Do you have panic attacks? It's pretty cute to me, since I'm very anxious myself 
Im not trans
Because I'm like this
You actually replied to people... as a loner, I'm amazed that literally one person like you seems to exist. No one has ever tried to reach out to me outside of when they're confined to work / school with me. I imagine that's relatable.
Why would you want to date a beta tranny whore
not OP but be my bf or friend i want the exact same things but with guys 25+ 
(if you are fine with a teen)
Damn, that sucks for me, I guess.
holy shit my eyes, your post is glowing so hard fed
I hate women. I have been looking for this so long and cannot find it but you make one post and 4 people spawn trying to be with you.
Thats me! Whats your discord?
welp, that's me, except i'm older.
and i'm not interested. fuck off and let me be.
hey, wanna be my new lightbulb? 'cos you glow so hard
idk this seems pretty mentally ill, if you ask me
find a regular bf that you like
wait nvm, I have friends but only online so I don't fit. Don't add me unless that's okay.
I want this but the person has to have no one they interact with regularly online as well. I am male though. Kind of dont want women for obvious reasons.
Anon, you're supposed to hate women for refusing to engage with you despite the fact you're sincerely attracted to them. Not become a homo
why only 19-20? oldfags are more likely to fit this description
t. girl who has had success with them
Probably just an age preference. She probably likes younger guys.
I don't feel comfortable with guys whos older than me
Out of curiosity, where do you look for those guys? I'm almost 22 and I feel like I'm losing time to find a cute girl who sees me as cute (in a masculine way) too
I lack enough identity it wasnt difficult to become one. I mostly like mtfs or femboys though, but I do base everything on personality, if there was a male with the optimal personality for me I would definitely be with them. I take hrt anyways so :p
All this except I actually have a hobby
i look on 4chan like soc contact threads
30 is too old, right? It's too old.
Damn, never browse that board since it's full of dick pics / for serious dating when I can't drive but I guess I have no choice.
It truly is over for me
