WouId you robots settIe for a bIack gf?
Black women would never settle for me
WouId you robots settIe for a bIack gf?
no
the artist (mahmapuu) draws loli porn and has never read a chapter or seen an episode of nagatoro in her life
They wouldn't settle for me. I'm an autistic unmasculine poor low value male, and black women are some of the women who care most about men being traditional providers and being very masculine as opposed to having a more 'modern' equal relationship
No one watches nagatoro, its just r34 bait like all other anime.
Nope. I don't racemix.
tfw no harem of black girls to tease me 
life is so hard
yes, but only if raceplay is banned
i'll say this once again:
tfw no black skinny sterile catholic black gf
being a sterile catholic seems cruel
You can feel the rage in this comment
Not necessarily. I don't want children, and my ideal wife doesnt want children either. If she is sterile we can obey the church by not using contraceptives and still have a childfree life full of sex and daily creampies
If interesting and not obese, yes.
It wouldn't be settling. If she loved me and I loved her, then I don't care what colour her skin is. The accent, however, would be a potential sticking factor.
im white
ohma#0561
Yes but there is no black people in my country.
Settle? A black gf would be peak for me.
If she's submissive, obedient, not fat, and loyal I'd probably at least try.
I guessing you're a blackcel too
I know the feeling, I want nothing more the a dark chocolate gf.
It's pain that despite them being the less desirable I am not good enough for them
No I'm white but not an American.
They stay with their own or they get white Chad
I tried but she got pregnant and left je with the kid
Blackcel here. I feel you here bro. I can't even blame them cause im a whitewashed short loser. Dont know why they would settle for a genetic L. Hoping to atleast moneymaxx cause thats really all I can really offer.
Black women go for either tyrone or todd
You will be fine, just look for an alt black gf
It's not even that half the time, they are TyroneSexuals. you are not at least thugmaxxing as a black guy, black women ain't gonna go for you.
It's over for blackcels getting a black gf, although if you moneyMaxx you could possibly get a nerdy white gf.
Y'all got but I'm looking forward to death man. Plus I'm too Injured to enjoy life anymore
I would love a black girlfriend. None live in my white country.
My stance with it's fine if it's sincere. Not if it's pushed into people to eradicate their propaganda bc the youth are impressionable and insincere. I just don't like propaganda targeted at the youth generally and like them to develop normally
black girl accents are cute imo
Isn't it funny that apparently this board is filled with black "femcels" in every thread crying that nobody wants them but in these threads they all disappear? lmao
Not exactly settle, I was forced with one but it's alright.
I dunno about a white gf, even the nerdy white ones who like black men tend to fetishize them and are looking for Tyrone as well. Also I just feel I relate with black girls more. But if I do somehow get a gf, white or black, ill take it. No point in complaining.
In my experience they are usually the most understanding and down to earth girls. If you guys have a chance with anybody it would be a nerdy black girl. At least compared to the avg white woman's insane standards and narcissism.
The only black girls I know of are ones with that horrid American ghetto accent, or London, and both of them are like knives in my ears. I couldn't live with that.
No I will not settle for anything less than a blonde hair blue eyed qt gf.
That pic would be better if the girls had black hair, like frizzy afros or braids or even dreadlocks. As it is, it's just obvious someone took an anime drawing of a harem of white girls and coloured them various shades of brown.
Yes but there is no black people in my country.
I was going to say I want to move there but then I realized you're probably posting from India or China.
It really isn't as over as people say. Don't moneymax or do any andrew tate grind stuff it only really attracts shallow women. Stop trying to get normies and go for nerdy autistic girls, you can meet them on discord (and yubo or tiktok if you are a zoomer). Just look for girls with similar interests in games anime and shit to you and use that as a jump off point to talk to them. They won't be off put by your autism since they are similar. Speaking from experience.
Probably stolckholm syndrome from living in the south but the ghetto accent is cute tbqh
Thanks anon. This is some lifefuel.
Yes, but black girls don't like me either.
This. So many artists just make blackwashed white women instead of drawing REAL black women. I also hate how so many black characters in anime always have white straight hair. Like what the fuck is that?? Im so fucking tired of copouts, give me ACTUAL BLACK WOMEN DAMN IT.
No problem anon. A lot of advice for men is about money and putting on a fake chad personality, but that attracts the worst women and it won't make you happy. The reality is if you are a weird/autistic guy you just aren't going to be happy being with some normie tinder girl even if you get one. And that shouldn't be blackpilling it should be relieving. There is so much blackpill shit generalizing all women but there are many girls out there who are autistic and awkward and like niche anime vidya nerd shit, and in my experience most of them like other guys like them not chad jamal millionares or whatever. A lot of women are bad but you only need to find one to be with out of the entire world so you shouldn't let that fact depress you. There is still always rejection and awkwardness sometimes but if you seek out people who are actually similar to you and have the same struggles it's a lot easier.
Yeah, honestly, thinking on it. I was desperate for any kind of relationship, even if it was a vapid one. Ill keep taking the hopepill and follow your advice. Hopefully I can get a girl like that and wont end up 30 and alone
WouId you robots settIe for a bIack gf?
nope. id rather die alone. dont care. dont care if that makes me a volcel
they're fucking nasty, low iq, loud, etc. not about that. dont care
bIack gf?
Only if she's a big-tiddy goth
Who is this slut (original)
I don't date outside my race/ethnicity so no. Not to mention that there are little to no niggers where I live and the only nigger girl I've met in my life was very obnoxious.
tattoos
dropped
Kay bear
I absolutely, without a doubt would "settle" for a black gf.
I wouldn't call it settling. She'd just have to meet my standards for a white or asian GF.
smart
likes me for who I am
as inexperienced as I am
not fat
Nope they just bully me for existing 
i dont live in Muttmerica either they all just hate whites everywhere
I have a black gf. I love her very much
African women are literally top tier waifu material. Plus their massive lips feel really good to kiss desu
No, they don't even exist in my area. I like Niggatoro's design though.
I just want someone that loves me the way I could love somebody else. Well she needs to be pretty otherwise we would be just friends
We dont have that many blacks around here anyway
My masseuse is this skinny black woman. She got me hard massaging close to my balls and she's accidentally bumped her boobs into my face.
idk whose idea it is to make a Black Nagatoro but her voice actor in the English dub is Black
also it's a pretty good dub I recommend it
Good for you Anon. I hope you marry her and have a good life!
you can meet them on discord (and yubo or tiktok if you are a zoomer)
Stopped reading right there. This dude is a retard.
I read nagatoro. And I liked it too. I told my normie friend, and he reminded me that I'm a fucking loser
Sadly, this
sterile
Fuck off
Fuck off
why the fuck are u robots bullying me? what's wrong with that? maybe i'm sterile who knows. i dont want her to he ill, just infertile
i already did twice and they both ghosted me
I wouldn't mind a lightskin or mixed girl.
Not in my experience, then again no matter the size of the women it's always chad or bust
Glad to see a fellow ethnic slaying, good shit man!
So long as she was a weeb tier or alt black girl and not a ghetto girl
I'd keep a black chick as a bedwench. Do black fembots fantasize about that?
Seeing a black woman with a brighter hair color than their own skin upsets me in a weird way. And to answer your stupid fucking question, at best it would be an incredibly light-skinned woman. Think arabian type brown / pale north-african at "best"
I prefer me yellow fever and le scottish accent
All ghetto girls can be turned into alt black girls
Ghetto girls watch anime to escape a shitty life too, anon
NO gf would settle for me.
Someone you have to change can't be trusted 
If they act ghetto then it's not feasible
A you a negro weeb girl?
Settle
My brother in Christ *we* are the robots
Too robotic for a black woman then.
Quadroons have a special place in my heart, but the dark skinned ones are so striking it's hard not to admire. I worked with this one Jamaican woman. She always wore a headscarf so I don't know what religion she was. Muslim? I liked her. She had a very small personality; always quiet, very respectful and deferent, but had a keen eye and sharp intellect. Lots of feminine charm. Not a single brash edge to be found on her which I'm not used to seeing in black women.
Black women have a certain eroticism about them, if only they would focus it instead of getting fat or talking ghetto or trying to act like men. I've always noticed women that take care of their nails and blacks are pretty consistent with keeping nice fingernails. It's a particular weakness of mine. If I get a black gf I'll gladly pay for her to go the good Asian salon and have them redone as often as is needed.
No. American black woman are by and large very fat, very low iq (your kids will turn out dumber than yourself) , very violent, and just downright unpleasant. Not much to discuss about due to natural differences in intellect.
be SEAgirl
basically the neggar of China
life is suffering
Are you really dark skinned?
Wrong I have seen many SEA qts the only thing you need is not to have one od those big flat noses and you're good
i'm like a medium olive neutral. 
really just shit posting political history though
that's kind of mean but ok anon
You may not believe it, but SEAs are cute. Of course I'm weirdly horny so my thing is out there.
Any political history that you enjoy? I may have something or someone to recommend.
Not mean just the truth that type of nose simply fucks up many black and SEA girl's faces. You have one of those?
Vina Sky is cute.
SEA isnt in china though?
I am white but last two gfs were black, and i mean like full dark skin black. They both were incredibly hot, large tits on both, looked good and not like retards. But social wise and everything outside of like one on one time, it was pretty dogshit. overall 5/10 experience.
tfw once talked to a thicc black girl who said she'd twerk for me
i chaotically jump around different periods
i do not
that's the joke
Do you want to rant about any of those periods? I'm curious about that.
I could also stick to coomer talk about SEAs etc if you prefer that.
i married a Thai girl (but then divorced her).
thai girls have the best ass of all Asians
i'm a tall white european and black girls HATE US here
i'm a short white european and black girls LOVE ME here
(i'm not joking, my body count is brown girls)
what country?
you don't belong here anyway so what you're saying doesn't apply.
I will settle for any woman. Having a vagina is optional at this point
I'll just say South Europe.. very very South. 
seethe tall boy. tall men give off manchild vibes
loli porn
DOn't give a fuck
never read a chapter or seen an episode of nagatoro in her life
FUCKING CRINGE
so some latin tourist attraction or balkan shitholes, well that does explain it.
you'll never be white
that hair
Only the bottom right looks good. Blacks with white people hair colors just look off.
i get the tisms about the trung sisters 
why thank u
you'll never be short
I hadn't heard of the Trung Sisters before. Thanks!
Do you know a lot about the 1979 Chinese invasion of Vietnam too?
I hate niggers but also daydream about being beaten to near death by a horde of ghetto gibberish speaking nigresses who then rip off my pants and take turns raping me while calling me stupid white boi fuck you cracker and all sorts of malicious ghetto nonsense
you'll never be short
thank god
not really but heard a little about the interactions wih polpot though
are you sure? you are a tall man hated by women. they know you are tall because you drunk your milk until you were 18yo and slept 8 hours every night. tall men are the most cucked lmao
What did you hear about that? I've watched The Killing Fields movie which was insane.
based normie friend, you should kys
