maybe you should just date someone else. like me
/thread
You'll get over him eventually, anon. I know you will. It will hurt for a while, but eventually you will be able to just let the thoughts of him go.
This is how I feel about Meaghan 
I am legitimately going to kill myself
i made a girl feel like this
then we dated
she dumped me
now i feel like this
i have to bear this pain along with the pain of NEETdom... it's all so difficult...
Going to be awkward at your funeral when Meaghan meets Hanako though, surely?
If I don't get a gf who plays Divinity: Original Sin with me I'm going to personally kill all ocean life.
you can't /thread your own post faggot
Almost everyone deals with heart break. At least you can find another gf, normalfag.
a NEET like me won't get lucky twice
this is it for me, it's over...
You didn't just get lucky. Getting a gf as a NEET means you must be considerably attractive. You can also, yknow, get a job.
i want a job but i don't know how to get one
6 years of NEEdom has ruined me
indeed.com and send out as many applications as possible to fast food places and such
i want a job too but i would rather die than work something like that
it seems like it is the only option where you can do qualifications to get the job outside of university
Well if you're too proud to work a job like basically everyone else then enjoy your NEETdom until your parents die or get fed up with you lazing about. That's your own shitty choice you'll have to deal with.
what hentai was this from i want to watch it i gasped thinking it was about to show bootyhole
same man, except im also an ex junkie and probably schizoid
i really doubt ill ever meet anyone i click with again who's so understanding
Just get a job normalfaggot.
the only friends ive had in the past 5 years were from rehab or friends of friends from rehab, im not capable of making legit friends irl
Cool? You still had a gf in the past.
sounds good
i'll either die a free man or get qualified and have a real job
i'm not licking boomers' crusty gout toes and flipping mc un-food bug patty products for pennies
literally a fate worse than death
