do you think you will ever stop being an incel?
nope. no pussy no work. no pussy when i was younger, no work forever in the future. no work, no taxes. 
simple as.
Nope. I'm never going to grow taller, stop being autistic, or adhere to societal standards of masculine beauty and gender role personality standards. And I doubt even the women who talk the most about how important it is to challenge gender roles will start dating short autistic unmasculine male feminist incels. So I'm just gonna be alone until I finally have the sweet release of death
i am a volcel now. so kinda yes but not really
Because im too busy catfishing women and then standing them up to have sex.
I have gotten 63 women to come to a date with me and then i just stood them up and watched them from far away through a window slowly get more and more frustrated until they leave crying so far into 2023.
The funniest one was a woman that drove to another state for me and sat in a starbucks FOR AN ENTIRE HOUR before giving up.
That was hillarious.
No but I want a friend at least...
No, you're either chad lad on easymode like a woman or you have to close your eyes if you ever do get a woman
No. My deathsentences:
full head of gray hair at 22 years old
forehead getting bigger and hair thinner
mental health going haywire, forgetting what I wanted to do, huge confusion of always asking "where tf am I and what am I actually doing?", completely lost ability to socialise
it keeps becoming harder to breathe
can't make a lot of money, I am on my own and I suck
Yeah life fucked me up. I wasn't a strong individual and lost everything. I also hurt really bad about a 10/10 girl who could have been a mommy gf I fucked up with and it stings me daily, ruins me bad. Fuck
*close your eyes to fuck
love ya, if only i had the time I'd do the same
full head of gray hair at 22 years old
Women love white hair on anime boys just get a weeb gf or something.
forehead getting bigger and hair thinner
Finestride.
mental health going haywire, forgetting what I wanted to do, huge confusion of always asking "where tf am I and what am I actually doing?", completely lost ability to socialise
Then stop over thinking.
Just go with the flow.
it keeps becoming harder to breathe
Stop taking fentanyl, George.
can't make a lot of money, I am on my own and I suck
You dont actually need a lot of money to get a gf(if she actually loves you) thats just a redpill meme.
No. I'll be forever orphaned by the teenage love I've never had.
I thought I would never stop being one, but I suddenly did, with 27 at that. she approached me herself
I'm a sperg so having a conversation with a female is just impossible 
Having sex is just not happening in this life
do you think you will ever stop being an incel?
TFL from womb to tomb
Yeah 27 here my brain is already fucked any relationship now would be too little too late. Drugs/suicide only way out.
if she actually loves you
So you decided to resort to writing nonsense. How in the fuck would a girl fall so hard for a loser nobody in 2023? You're talking about flying pigs you fucking, whatever i dont wanna insult you at all
I was in a 4 year long relationship and I don't think I'll ever stop being one.
only if you get me a gf like pic related.
This awkward quirrel teeth bitch again
why do you niggers keep posting that whore?
how do you support yourself without working? whoever is supporting you pays taxes. you are only hurting yourself by not working and bettering yourself
its just started let me have some fun first
Mentally ill autist
Small dick (6.0 inch)
Chubby
Zero social skill 
God only reason for allowing me to exist was to amuse him with my incel pain
This is the destiny that was force upon me and thats how i will live an die, any questions?
let me see
23 years old
khhv
5'7"
ugly
like two or three friends left, we barely talk
there was a girl at work i was slowly becoming friends with but as of last week she suddenly decided to hate me or something and doesn't want to interact with me at all, let alone even make eye contact. literally don't know why.
i think i'll probably live for around ten years more at most before blowing my head off with a shotgun
33 khhv 
it's never going to happen 
i'll wake up tomorrow and it'll be a year from now, then 10, then 20, and still the same
refuses to become a man
CHANGE OR YOURE FUCKED. YOU DONT WANT TO BECOME A PSUEDOWOMAN
thinks it's over
QUIT BEING A PUSSY FATHERLESS LOSER
defeatist mindset
The only thing standing in your way is yourself anon. You can change. Believe in yourself.
i think i'll probably live for around ten years more at most before blowing my head off with a shotgun
YOU ONLY GOT TEN YEARS LEFT N UR GONNA WASTE IT ROTTING? SEEMS FUCKING RETARDED TO ME!
Yep it's over for this guy don't be like him.
No, so I'm just trying to focus on myself. I exercise, I cook and eat right, I shower, I keep my house clean. I have to try and be happy with what I can, or I'll be miserable forever.
CHANGE OR YOURE FUCKED. YOU DONT WANT TO BECOME A PSUEDOWOMAN
I'm just me. Being me doesn't make me a 'pseudowoman', people are either man or woman (or in some small cases, whatever intersex stuff I guess) regardless of how much they freak out over gendie roles
I think it is possible but I'm running out of time. I nearly made it earlier this year.
Lol cope normalfag. I shoplift and have been arrested over 37 times. Thanks for the free shit and the new TV. I also squat until I get kicked out
I have land set aside in an LLC connected to an offshore that will never be in jeopardy of being taken in a lawsuit.
Unlikely. We're looking at a timeline of several years to present anything of worth to a potential sexual partner if I put my full back into it, and I'm turning 27 in a few months. 30-31 and a virgin if you don't count whores (and you shouldn't) - good fucking luck lmao.
the state supports me with YOUR simp taxes. simple as.
