I'm noticing a stronger chemical taste in more and more of the foods I consume daily.
Me too. The quality has also dropped by a lot.
Isn't this the month they said they'd start putting mrna vaccines into the food supply?
It was probably the meds you forgot to take
is this metallica
I hate society so much bros
Maybe you should eat natural foods instead of slop
Even fruits and vegetable taste odd now. They are bigger and blander.
i usally treat myself to some pancakes and cooked by yours truly, but today the syrup and the pancakes tasted like shit, i go through the same procedure when making them. Its worrying
Glad to know it's not just me
It's not the food, that's a side effect of EMF poisoning from 5G transmitters. Lie on an Earthing mat (make sure it's plugged in correctly) 10 minutes a day, and put a shungite pyramid behind your head when sleeping, and the symptoms should dissipate in a few days
Never had that problem, cause I only shop at Whole Foods
someone post that copypasta about how hersheys chocolate has some vomit-flavored chemical in it because American consumers got used to that taste in the era when it was made before food-safety laws and was just whatever swill they could get away with tossing in there
I consume roughly 3 liters of zero calorie soda on average near every day
Why are the governments trying to kill everybody?
the water that tastes more chlorinated 
been letting it sit and bubble out over an hour before drinking
Does this actually help?
Satan, have you had Covid?
wtf this has been happening to me too. I've slowly been eating less and less over the past year. i've lost 25lbs in that time period and about 10 in the past month alone. i can't even eat foods i used to like anymore
THIS TOO. i used to only drink water because everything else tastes very bad, even my sweet sweet beer. i don't know what i can drink anymore. maybe cherry dr pepper? i still like that
Ever since Trump axed basically all laws designed around preserving nature and keeping our food/water sources safe I've been noticing problems too.
Are you a shill or do you actually believe 5G is doing this?
I am the CIA, I pissed on OPs food
oh, right, nvm, carry on, y'all
Have you considered an inline water filter on your sink?? It's just the U.S water system being underfunded as usual, so they're trying to add chemicals to keep everything from going to shit.
Even a basic filter system will remove chlorine and VOCs, if you're extra paranoid you can get one of those expensive reverse osmosis systems and deal with tanks of waste water.
Or, if we want to put on the tinfoil hats it's a failed attempt at intentional contamination to increase water filter sales.
there was a local commercial I saw airing a lot some months ago about the tap water in my state, it said to put the tap water in the fridge to "zap the chlorine" 
I did refridgerate a pitcher of tap water and it did taste a little better than drinking it straight out of the tap
gases in general aren't too soluble in water and they become less so the colder the water gets. The gas will want to leave just from letting the water sit like the other anon mentioned (this is why carbonated drinks go flat after you open the bottle/can and they're no longer under high pressure) but cooling them speeds up the process.
Ah yeah... Chlroine's a gas, isn't it.
Tfw The boob-milk anime was accurate
Same op and I've also noticed that lot of things are watered down too
