Holes, what do you mean by "high value males"?
males who dont call women holes
You called me scrote I'm not going to just take it like a cuck
Not a hole, but basically they want someone who's desired by everyone in her social group. That's literally it. Height and face are still important factors but mainly she wants someone that makes others jealous.
You called me scrote I'm not going to just take it like a cuck
You are a fucking retard
Not a hole but this is it. Same as us wanting a top tier woman to show off as a trophy
He's gotta be tall, hot, muscular, neurotypical, extroverted, willing to make all the effort and be a 'provider', masculine, confident, very good job and willing to do all the conspicuous consumption that is expected in modern capitalism, be willing to be emotionally supportive for a woman while never expressing his own emotions, accept that the woman has her freedoms and doesn't need to be confined by tradition while himself largely being bound by tradition, and so on
This. This is why they always want "interesting" men. They only desire vicariously through others, it's over if you can't handle being a borderline celebrity
Mainly Koreans, but also Viets, Japanese, and Black dudes.
The term comes from fds, where it's supposed to mean tall Chads with good degrees.
In practice (at least last I checked) it really refers to betabuxxers. Fds was filled with stories about dating abusive Chads with shit hygeine, and how noe they want guys that will buy them dinner, etc.
You aren't a robot, there is no 'us' to be had from normie faggots like yourself
You also aren't a robot, you're a faggot
Not a robot
You aren't a robot
You will never be a robot
Tldr, faggot shit, not a robot
Not a robot
Any questions, dumb fucking newfaggots?
Why am I a faggot, faggot? I'm a virgin and have no intention of changing that with a dude
You're a faggot normie, but you hang out here trying to be something you're about 15 years too late to know about
neet incel who hates women + no friends and no hobbies is a "normie"
Dumbass
Incel is a political tourist word.
You will never be a robot using outsider terminology.
Lurk, don't post.
Looks, money, status
But what about personality?
Falls under the status umbrella. Status includes social status, which comes with having a "great" personality. Obviously it helps if you aren't horrible person but that sort of thing manifests itself deep into relationship (past the honeymoon phase). It probably won't matter at all in the first 6-12 months.
they mean the 0.1 percentile face attractiveness chads
they won't admit it but that's all that matters
you can't own an insult by making it your identity
Weakling
You just aren't a robot, you own nothing here and you don't fit in anywhere but in a nu microcosm you embraced from other dumb fucks who started posting on the internet after 2015.
Congratulations; you're a community member, just not of here.
Holes, what do you mean by "high value males"?
Fictional, 2D
Men who can provide
