if you finally got a gf, and you could do anything, what would you do with her?
Cuddle in bed for 12 hours and have sex while kissing constantly. If I got bored of this I would tie her up under the stairs and leave her to starve.
Take her to the highest bridge and throw her off lol. 
Females are fucking worthless. They are a menace to society and men would be better off without them.
ikr? thats literally all i would do
im so touch starved that simply being in the presence of women is honestly way too much for me
in my fantasies, the first thing id do is just go to bed with her, turn off the lights, maybe listen to music, cuddle with her (im always big spoon), and put my hands on her neck. in my fantasies, if she protests, ill just choke her until she calms down
and then id just lie there with her. occasionally i want to sniff her, because i never really smelt a girl's bodyparts up close. i just want to feel her body
i want to make out with her neck, thats far and away my favorite part
i want to put my head on her chest and listen to her heart beat
i want to tickle her, and hold her hands down as she struggles
its super vanilla, but this is coming from someone who never tasted sugar before
just hug her while she tells me how much she loves me
Get a house together and start a family.
ram an icbm up her cunt and launch it at a random country
Would ask her to draw my OCs and french kiss/tongue play with her
Drive out to the middle of nowhere and stargaze with her. Maybe hold hands.
Play video games with her. I have no friends.
how would you do that as the big spoon
He is a Burmese python, so it wouldn't be too hard.
Spoon her and inhale her farts
Be loving and emotionally supportive in an equal relationship, spend lots of time with her doing whatever stuff she finds fun and slowly adopt her interests, listen to her talk about herself and he lr day, do a lot of naked cuddling and eating her out and fingering her, mutually enjoy taking care of our kitty fur babies, get dumped by her because I'm not Chad and I'm too boring and she deserves better
tongue her pussy and fingerbang her pussy and ass until she blanks out and uses my face as a toilet
The first thing I would do is ask for a really long hug.
After that, sure, sex is important, but what I want most of all is someone I can be myself around, so I'd want to take her on dates and have fun with her and make memories with her. I want her to give me reasons to continue waking up in the morning, instead of my current life where I only wake up and struggle for the sake of not being dead.
Lol you retards, females don't want that shit. They wanna be abused and treated like common street whores.
I would awaken both our plainswalker sparks and travel the multiverse on a grand adventure that will span for thousands of years.
I would kill her. I wouldn't bother making it torturous, I just want women to stop living
You are the retard.
Thread isn't asking about what women want, it's about their individual wants as men.
Everything ain't always about pleasing women you misguided fool.
rent a cabin in the woods or go hiking/camping.
Based. A man of culture.
All I did was say someone was a snek.
you have never interacted with a real life woman. How the hell would you know what they want
want
uh oh someone doesn't have reading comprehension this is about the male fantasy not the female fantasy idiot
I would be the dominant tongue tho
