I will not lower my standards when I'm average, i will not settle for a slampig, I'd rather fuck an effeminate guy a get HIV than stick my cock inside a repulsive obese pig
Hi, I was just wondering, is this offer still available?
Literally beaten to the punch even in this thread
IT IS OVER IT IS OVER
Based reasonable standards anon. Will all the losers on here wanting and craving to fuck obese bitches or nigger bitches.
It's refreshing to see someone that has some standards.
Wanting a slim girl isn't a high standard, fuck off
Start /gothbunny maxxing/ IMMEDIATELY
I am a male on hrt I cant do that
Source of that pic please, anons
It is when the majority of western girls are obese.
How come i never see fat pigs with guys or even alone in real life then
Because you don't touch grass.
I go outside every day in Southern Europe
Europe is not the Western world
its pretty westernized in terms in culture, not politically
Russia was downgraded to third world
Europe was downgraded to second world
America was downgraded to first and 1/2 world
Not OP but hi is this offer still available too?
I'd rather fuck an effeminate guy a get HIV than stick my cock inside a repulsive obese pig
So you're gay?
Just download grindr instead of larping as straight then.
why are anons here so retarded?
"i would rather have sex with men than women"
"umm actually you are retarded for calling me gay"
I agree, anon. You should be with the best person you can find! So therefore, I say: Death to the idea of lowering your standards! Death, I say!
i think it was a dramatic showing of how anon would rather do anything else fucking retard
Its a dramatic showing of how much anon would rather have sex with men with aids than his female looksmatch yes.
Its either Stacy or gay sex.
He will not settle for ugly women but he will settle for gay sex with men though.
Which makes him basically gay.(noone is 100% gay or lesbian theres still a 0.01% man a lesbian woman would go for but she generally prefers most women over most men so shes a lesbian)
There's way more non-overweight women than there are men who are 6'+, yet for some reason the former is considered to be "high standards" while the latter isn't.
