You were saying, Chud?
I WUZ SAYIN 2 KYS CUZ ULL NEVER PASS HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
(ON THA REAL THO THATS SAD ASF THAT SOME1 SON IS SO BRAIN ROTTEN HE DOIN THAT 2 HIMSELF)
These "people" are getting out of hand. Why can't we spend this acting skill on movies for Bollywood?
The fuck is up with that hairline? It's starting to recede, but not evenly.
She is attractive but the "wubba lubba dub dub" rick and morty tattoo is absolutely repulsive. Why the fuck would ANYONE stain their skin with that shit?
Sure, Jan. Keep telling yourself that.
Boobs look weirdly smooth. It's a telltale sign.
Pass? Sure, cute? Sure but still can't have kids and gonna twink death hard.
Yeah, now show us your hands and feet.
ywnbaw troon.
This, I actually have more of a problem with her Rick and Morty tattoo than I do with her being a tranny.
Transgender women don't pass unless they make a massive effort to adhere to societal standards of femininity and wear a load of makeup and stuff
With huge effort, they can look like a woman who you'd see in movies and TV
But an average cis woman who wakes up and doesn't make any of that effort at all will have a natural beauty that a trans person just can't have - with that comparable effort, she'll look like a man, and with effort, she can only look like the vision of a woman that media sells, not a natural woman
And then you see them in real life and reality hits.
You left out that life isn't a photograph. The second you see them move around irl you can tell pretty much instantly.
simple as
Ok and? They're dressed like an anime girl anyways, giving themself away
I can see the 5 o'clock shadow even when the pic's filtered to shit
b-but
rick and morty is for heckin geniuses, guys!
Do you have a name? I need a tranny like this
bro, you've been watching so much tranny porn you can't tell the difference anymore
soapychess
A telltale sign that I will cum on her tits 
Feels good man. Cope and seethe, dicklet
Lmfao you have never fucked a woman
Ummmm isnt this exactly what you polcels want? 
Lmfao cope and seethe
Yeah, just look at Katy Perry for example!
You have never interacted with a bio-woman in your life.
Im married but go off faggot.
Not sure if you are being sincere or not
She definitely looks WAY different without makeup, and in a way that few would say isn't "less conventionally ideal" or something like that. Some might say outright "ugly" even, I guess
But she still looks like a woman. And not a terribly ugly one either (idk, I'd say she's not "ugly" at all personally). Whereas a trans woman would look... way worse than that, without the major effort out in. WAY worse. 
(Also I've never seen that image of her before, damn, she reminds me of someone I know)
That's the same one? The first one looked way hotter
Kill yourself, Cam, no one like you.
I'm sorry, that was mean. It's been a tough week.
No it's not the same one. Did you really need this level of clarification to connect the dots to your request?
How come none of these trannies have bfs? Or fuck dudes on camera?
Shoennhead became a troon?
Even trannies like this only pass in pics online, and even then only if you don't look too closely. One whiff of their disgusting rotting holes exposes them as the ghoulish mockeries they are.
