want to stop hating women because i know its unethical and eating me up inside but they keep proving themselves to be some of the worst cunts to ever exist.
what do
Have sex.
How can you hate women? They're incredible. You should kill yourself, retard incel
what makes them incredible?
Their ability to make you feel the most golden rays of happiness shooting through the very core of your being is pretty amazing.
Women are cruel. This does not happen faggot
Perhaps you're looking for love in the wrong places. Or your expectations are too high. Women can be mean but that's to be expected. They're very good at identifying the cracks in a man's persona, and they don't have much accountability for their actions. Don't hate them for it, instead, learn to play the game and maybe one day you might just win.
It does whenever you find the right one. I promise.
Actually insane to me that you're actually replying to me like I'm a person and not yet another anon post
You give good advice. Thanks. What's the game?
I'm scared that there isn't a right one.
The game is that women are the X factor of evolution and men are the Y. They expect men to rise and solve chaos that women sow within social dynamics. It doesn't matter if your short, ugly, small dicked retard, if you make a woman feel like the world makes sense when she's around you she will fall in love with you. And that takes confidence and a fair bit of understanding of the world on your own part. Don't hate women for having a buffet selection of dick. Instead try to focus on a purpose for your life and a woman will naturally follow. Evolution rewards change and innovation.
that just makes them sound extremely sadistic and cruel
They are. Nature is cruel, my friend. But the love of a woman is a prize well worth fighting for.
Is it really love at that point?
How does wanting being taken care of makes women sadistic? Its childlish, retarded etc but there is no ill intent in being useless coward wanting to hide behind others back and not have to think.
Because that's what women tend to fucking do lol
utterly nonsensical creatures
Oh yeah. It's definitely love, because there's stakes involved.
What makes it good then? Sounds like fucking hell
You do not make sense. Women do not seek to hurt you, they just seek to live as comfortably as possible. If you cant offer her comfort as a man , yet insist on being her bf you are literally stealing her easy mode from her and involve her in your own hard mode. And yet I dont claim that you are sadistic for wanting to do that, just not very conscious. But you are a huge burden to woman who could have been dating a man that covers her basic need of safety instead.
How are women so based?
You need to be smart to not hate and you must understand the details that make them so annoying. 
When you understand, you start to see them trying their hardest, like little scums that have no clue what they are supposed to do.
so they have the minds of infants who cannot take the slightest amount of discomfort gotcha
What? Yes they do that, how does make them sadistic and cruel? And how is seeking ease nonsensical? It is literally a point of all human achievement.
they have never had to suffer a day in their lives because they get everything handed to them on a damn platter anyways
If you got everything handed to you like women do, you wouldnt either. It makes no sense to ever downgrade if you have been born into a higher caste. Just why.
that's a good point, but alas I am not a woman, and therefore I can continue to hate them for not giving me the time of day
Life is hell my guy. It's a shitty game we all gotta play. Don't hate women for being what they're supposed to be. Either rise to the occasion or get used to jerking off. And BTW sex is only one of the many things a woman can offer you. Good women will make your home and entire life light up in ways that you could never imagine. It's worth fighting for.
Stop digressing and answer my questions. 
Women only have everything handed to them if they are surrounded by men who hand those. They are dependant on high resource males for their life comforts. Why should they give it up to be desolate with low resource male instead?
I like women orginalio
i don't really have an argument against that, because you're correct. i just fucking hate women and I want them anyways. it hurts my head
I just wish i wasn't in college where female hypergamy wasn't the most rampant it'll ever be
Don't hate the game bro. They're people just like you and me. They want the best they can get from life just like us. Just never, EVER simp or orbit a girl. That is the truest waste of time. Learn to identify when a girl likes you and play it cool. But if you're in college and you just wanna have sex, just lower your standards physically, Anon. Ugly chicks are hot in the dark.
i just want a pretty girl to hug me while I cry years of bottled-up emotions into her tits
and I guess anal is nice too
The fuck is this retarded shit. Why can't you just see women like normal people? Plus this is some gay ass simping bullshit; I'm not gonna let some dumb hoe be a nuisance in my life because it's "high stakes" or "she's the X factor" ffs
I don't know what you look like, anon, but take it from a guy that used to only get ignored by women and now I'm dating (for now) the most beautiful girl in my town. If you find purpose and understanding of yourself, a woman will follow. Don't make excuses, just rise to the occasion. You got this, Anon.
and how did you end up doing that?
I got her to like me by not trying to get her to like me. I know that doesn't sound like it makes sense, but I decided to go my own way and discover who I really was through hard work and perseverance. I'm not even a very attractive guy, I'm average height, my dick is only 5 inches and I only make 50,000 a year. But I know who I am, and that makes her crazy for me, because I'm not trying to be "Chad" or someone I'm not. I'm just doing me. And that's all you gotta do, Anon. Discover who you are and what your purpose is and you will easily find a woman that loves you.
I'm sure you're being entirely genuine but that sounds like fantasy bullshit I'm sorry
Stop thinking or caring about them and you'll realize they're pretty unconsequential people most of the time.
Maybe I'm just lucky then. I dunno what to tell ya. If you don't have a job and you don't go to the gym and you don't read and actually believe that you can become the person a beautiful woman will want, you never will because you're already giving up.
i do have a job, got accepted into two good schools, and read frequently. I'm not sure of the correlation
not everyone can win anon, congrats to you though enjoy. But again not everyone can win.
