I'm just as much a man as any one of you.
Are you the intersex pussy boy
I'm just as much a man as any one of you.
Unfortunately probably true, but not for the reason you hope for.
Apparently I'm not male just because I was born with a pussy
True.
I'm just as much a man as any one of you.
Wrong.
Apparently I'm not a chad just because I'm short, ugly and socially retarded. Pic related is literally me.
I'm just as much a man as any one of you.
TRU 4 90% OF REDDIT9K USERS LOL
Do you date men OP?
Ok??? So the only thing that makes a man a man is having a penis then? So if someone chopped off your dick would that make you a woman all of a sudden?
How the fuck am I not a man when I LITERALLY:
Wear mens clothing
NEVER WEAR PINK OR DRESSES
Into sports
Like getting dirty
Never paint my nails
Hold the door open for women
Eat a diet of red meat and beer
Drive a truck
Attend a church
AND I workout pretty much every day. Sometimes even twice a day.
I date men yeah, but you'd be gay for dating a fellow dude Anon. I'm NOT girly at all. Literally as male as I can possibly be.
You will never have a Y chromosome.
You will never be a real man. You have a womb. You have no prostate. Your height and broad hips give you away.
I do every single thing you mentioned and I'm a woman, your hobbies don't determine your sex. Biology does. Seek help before it's too late.
Wear mens clothing
NEVER WEAR PINK OR DRESSES
Into sports
Like getting dirty
Never paint my nails
Hold the door open for women
Eat a diet of red meat and beer
Drive a truck
Attend a church
AND I workout pretty much every day. Sometimes even twice a day.
So ur a cool tomboy? do u want to have sax and get married maybe im tall strong and good looking
we are not acting
I'm also FTM. Don't bother trying to get validation from men here. Most of them are closet homo faggots anyways that dress up like women.
Fuck yourself. You reek of micropenis energy.
As opposed to no penis?
I'm not girly
And yet here you are fishing for male attention
You will never have a penis.
You will never have a Y chromosome.
Your skeleton is female.
Your hips are female.
You have ovaries, a womb, and a clit.
You will never be a man. Your female name will be listed on our grave stone.
Seethe harder, tranny. Hahahaha
Poor tomboy. You could've been happy. :( look how you seethe with impotent womanlet rage instead...
AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Kekt and rekt, trannies btfo.
Why are women's go to insults always about penis or sex? And they accuse men of being obsessed with sex.
Fuck you. I'll have you know my dicks gotten bigger. It's almost half an inch now thanks to all the TRT.
You reek of micropenis energy.
NTA but what a womanly comment. Only faggots and women go for dicksize jokes. I do agree you shouldn't get validation here though, this place is a crab bucket.
You reek of micropenis energy.
Typical woman comment kek
You poor thing. 
I actually feel a bit bad for you.
If you're a real man you show pussy.
Half in inch 
LOL this has to be a troll
beer
Attend a church
Thought you were attractive until I saw those. :(
you will never experience 1/10 of the suffering and dread the average guy here does by the virtue of being a foid, kys
I can make you feel like a real gayboy if you show me your tits and vajay. ;)
bottom growth
what in the heck is a t dick
i'd trade with you if i could but you probably get that a lot
t. have bepis but wish i had vagene
You are just an exaggerated parody of what you think a man is supposed to be or act like
You are no different than a man who pretends to be a woman and does exaggerated things that he deems feminine or a racist putting on black face and "acting black" 
See ya
Enlarged clit.
Why would you want a vagina? We bleed every month.
Wear mens clothing
NEVER WEAR PINK OR DRESSES
Okay, so good so far.
Into sports
Women can like sports too and there are women's sports for a reason. Not all men like sports either. Do you enjoy being competitive and the teamwork aspect or are you just doing it because it's fun to run around?
Like getting dirty
That's not a manly thing, that's a slob thing.
Never paint my nails
Feels like you're grasping at straws.
Hold the door open for women
This is a cultural thing but more so it's about being nice.
Eat a diet of red meat and beer
Does beer and red meat make you manly..? Red meat is just good and beer is cheap liquor, which is why people drink it(and its an acquired taste for many too).
Drive a truck
So does my sister.
Attend a church
More women tend to attend churches than men.
AND I workout pretty much every day. Sometimes even twice a day.
Being fit is manly..? Are you weightlifting or just doing cardio anyhow?
how old is your sister and is she single
All the fucking gay men in this thread wanting to see another man nude...
Your height and broad hips give you away.
Hey anon, men can be short and have broad hips too, be sensitive to our fellow male anons. I should know, I have broad hips.
You reek of micropenis energy.
Some friendly advice: next time, call them a faggot, that's a much more masculine insult. Your current choice of insult reeks of woman.
Damn dude you're hot af
Why would you want a vagina?
i wish i were a woman lmao
We bleed every month.
yeah that sucks. if i could somehow be a girl and not get periods that would be based but it's part of the deal
She's engaged.
Not very manly.
I should know, I have broad hips.
nta but same. i wonder what to make of it. im not particularly short, so musclemaxxing would take a hell of an effort. idk man
looks like you'd fit right in with them
ask every FtM I have ever met if they have ever had the fantasy of unlocking their inner spiritual potential and punching someone's head off after going super saiyan
they always say no
I tell them EVERY man has had this fantasy
They sound absolutely shocked
FtM are just Tomboys. We all know this.
I'd go gay for you babes you're hot.
tfw no dyke gf
i wish i were a woman lmao
No you don't, female puberty is extremely traumatizing also rape
Ironically, a tomboy I know once said she would love to do this, but instead of killing someone it was to punch through a mountain on one of those barren alien planets they're always fighting on.
Guys get raped too you ass wipe.
There was that other ftm that thought I was a dumbass because I assumed her thought process was the same. I hope you're reading this because now I feel vindicated - most ftms are this stupid and think that doing big manly man things like cracking a cold beer open with the boys hah is what defines being a man.
female puberty is extremely traumatizing
how so
instead of killing someone
Yawn. Of course. Point still stands
Yeah but not as often, bonehead.
When I got my first period I thought I was dying, was extremely uncomfortable when my tits started to grow and the attention it caused. Everyone starts treating you differently.
I take it you don't know what male prisons are then. Rape happens there more then your bullshit 1/5 statistic. No sweatie, 20% of men aren't rapist's waiting around every corner for you. 
If the first world is so dangerous to you go live in Africa.
nta but did you get raped?
i date men
100% larp confirmed, the only reason any women transitions is to fuck straight women. There literally is no reason beyond that.
When I got my first period I thought I was dying
what age? both male and female puberty is a subject were taught about in 5th class biology here
was extremely uncomfortable when my tits started to grow
fair, though i dont see why that would be traumatizing
Yes and I'm sick of pampered bitches crying about something that hasn't happened to them as if they're on a knifes edge away from being assaulted the second they step outside. Bitches need to shut the fuck up.
There's a lot of FTM fujoshis.
Idk what to do with it either. I have relatively small shoulders too, so I'd probably look ridiculous if I got buff.
Also, my hips are actually wider than >>73179701's, at least relative to the size of my waist. So that's a thing.
When I got my first erection, I felt the same, so it's not that special.
traumatized by a little bit of blood
God you're so far removed from what a man is. I can't tell you how many times I've been to the hospital for getting horrible ill as a kid and I've been rushed to the ER before for a severe concussion that I lost consciousness to. Boys bleed all the time from getting hurt while they're outside fucking around as a kid, take painful falls, etc.. You have live one cushioned life if some period blood really made you feel like you were going to die and people paying attention to you traumatized you.
Name one(1). Organically.
FtM femboys
are they based or cringe
10, wasn't taught sex ed until near the end of fifth grade.
 i dont see why that would be traumatizing
I'm autistic so I don't like change, female family members would always comment on my body changing and males started to treat me differently, it felt uncomfortable.
Trannies of r9k, why do you do this? You already know what the responses are going to look like, is it a misgendering fetish? I understand because i'm a bio woman with a huge misogyny and rape fetish, but if it isn't, you are seriously ill.
nta
Nah, you are the asshole. Faggot.
I'm not the troon, was just talking from my own experience.
Check the old FTM threads on Lolcow.
I do this. I'd listen to rock or other high energy songs and imagine creating DBZ type energy blasts, or imagine my favorite character doing that. Creating combos in the air, punching them down and the impact creates a crater in the ground. FtMs are just pathetic fujoshi, but we all knew this.
Lmao. When I got my first period I just said "ok cool" because I was properly educated. Nobody treated me differently. I was never the victim of rape or terrible sexism. Periods ache and feel disgusting but they're just part of life. 
Why are some girls' victim complexes so insane they rival the worst of this board? Are you incapable of realizing maybe some of your problems were caused by yourself, instead of just the fact that you're a woman?
Ywnbam btw
I'm not the troon
My apologies then. Still quite a cushy life.
yeah that honestly does all sound terrifying to live through. part of me is glad i never had to go through it
i still wish i were a girl biologically idk
I'm not the troon and when I got my period for the first time there was a lot of it. It freaked me out because I wasn't taught about it until later in the year.
just part of life.
Why are some girls' victim complexes so insane they rival the worst of this board?
Kill yourself, pickme.
If there were so many, you would be able to namedrop 1 or 2 effortlessly. I'll just go ahead and accept your concession. 
Thanks for playing.
my head hurts origikially
Here's an example, faggot.
Don't think literally everything bad that happens is caused by patriarchy or some shit 
PICK ME!!!! 
Like clockwork. You are pathetic.
Never mentioned the patriarchy you schizophrenic, it's just men being disgusting pigs.
being critical of women is pick me behavior
Lol, lmao even. Like pottery in motion
You're not critical of women, you're a retarded faggot.
FTMs are hilarious. They can't stop acting like women and demand you play pretend with them.
Get over yourself and get some accountability loser.
accountability
For having men talk about my tits when I was 11 years old????
Says the gay male
The better question is how are there now people walking around that are too fucking stupid to understand basic biology? Is education so poor that people don't understand chromosomes?
be ftm troon
mentally ill 
create delusion that you will live some ideal male existence
in reality you will be a manlet with a female body structure and will never pass as a male even with steroids
discover how cruel women are to manlets and betas
an hero
The real play is to accept that you're a woman and try to make the best life you can and not live in a delusion that your life would suddenly be better if something impossible happened.
Also you are a nigger.
Why should I just accept my life as a woman?? I'm not even feminine. I was bullied by other women growing up. The other girls always said I look like a man anyways. The way I always dressed in shorts and wore my hair short. 
The only people that were ever nice to me were men. I thought surely they could understand. That I'm like them.
But no, no one accepts me. Not even you people. I can't just wear pink and put on dresses. That's not who I am! Why the fuck are you trying to force me to be that?? I just want to be cool like one of the guys!
