Fembots, are you willing to be submissive to your man?
If he breeds me it's not a matter of willing, it's biology after that.
Thats not how it works.
To make a girl submissive you need to have a aura of dominance.(and no not just rudeness calling your gf a stupid stinking roastie whore if you dont have "that" will just make her angry)
a aura
I have immediately lost any respect for you.
If she isn't I dont want anything to do with her.
I am willing to entruat myself to a man, but I am not gonna be bdsm type of submissive.
Sure, if he is actually attractive
As someone who doesn't really understand the role of submission in a relationship, can you explain exactly how you will behave in relation to your man?
I wanna lay on this fattie and hold her down.
Pics like this are so fucking cringy. Men have no concept of good sexual aesthetics
I want a submissiveish GF, but I don't want someone who lacks the ability to think for themselves, which is fucking rare as fuck. The submissiveness is built into most women, which is also why they often lack rational thought and independence. It's the same mechanism.
was done by a woman
somehow blames men
Are you confused?
These are done for men to fap aka with male gaze in mind. Women would never fap to cringy pics like these lol
Top anon is right, though. The man presumably positioned her and wrote on her in this case, right?
Poor, wonky handwriting. Whore is barely even legible, though I like the mouth as the O idea.
Unflattering pose, but not even in a demeaning way. Just in a lazy positioning way.
Leash not even held taut.
Eyes look dead, not frightened, aroused, sexy in any way.
Eyes are straight ahead, not looking up. What am I, a midget, pissing out of my mouth into hers?
Hair is a mess, but not in a sexual way at all. Quite impressive how they even managed that.
Covered part of her leg for god knows what reason.
Not even visible pussy.
I mean, seriously, put some fucking effort in, dom and sub alike. This is just sad.
See some of the things your criticize make it better for me.
Nah body writing is a middle school type of edgy behavior, cant take it seriously lmfao
I just can't get over the fact that she wrote on the paper asking for piss in her mouth, yet they took the picture at eye level. That, to me, is astoundingly dim and unimaginative, and that's so unbelievably unattractive. And I'm not even a piss fetishist, but if you're gonna do something do it right for fuck's sake.
To each their own. I just enjoy seeing women having degrading things written on their body.
FINE BUT HAVE SOME FUCKING STANDARDS LOOK AT THE KERNING ON "PLEASERAPE" IT MIGHT AS WELL BE ALL ONE FUCKING WORD, LOOK AT HOW TILTED HALF OF THE WORDS ARE WHAT WAS SHE LAUGHING WHILE IT WAS DRAWN ON, THEN YOU SMACK HER AND MAKE HER DO IT AGAIN FOR FUCK SAKE
God, I'm too autistic for this shit.
Okay shush because >>73179514
lowkey this one is kinda hot. Maybe because it has a cool idea behind it.
Most of these are probably done by themselves. And writing on yourself isn't that easy. So yea stop being autistic.
Women only act submissive when they want something. After they get what they want they'll switch it up REAL quick. As a result, you gotta keep whores on their toes at ALL times to make sure they stay loyal. 
It wasn't always this way though. In caveman days, women would die without males so women would take whatever they could get. 
In the early years of the industrial revolution, a woman would not be able to live a decent life without a man so they while they were slightly more picky they would settle pretty quickly for an average man(4.5-5.5+/10). 
In modern times, women get all the protection and security that a man would have provided them from the state. As long as they know they have the safety net of the state to fall back on they'll always try to swap you out with someone else. And without religious institutions and social shaming mechanisms to control their behavior they have no incentive to really stop.
Keks men like you should be hanged. How does it feel to know that no woman will ever submit to you?
I'll just keep dumping I guess. Cause got to spread the love.
Yea fair enough, that one is probably done herself and so isn't too bad. I was too hot off of the previous one, where it seems like another person was involved. Because that shit wasn't acceptable.
I think hes right, you always hear about women becoming more combative and less accommodating post marriage or childbirth, and its because at that point they hold more power over you. You can't expect women to uphold fake submission towards a man who really has no real power over them.
Imagine being attracted to this
"Dominant" males like you are fucking infantile
Ah yes the classic "women have no agency" card. What about the girl? What do you have to say about her?
I was just about to call you a stupid retarded moid, but
You can't expect women to uphold fake submission towards a man who really has no real power over them.
God this is hot. You get a pass
Great take, honestly.
No. She is pathetic as well, that's why I can't imagine why you would like her
the pictures in this thread are cringey but the reason they look so terrible is because the women in them did it all themselves because they get off on it, and it's on their own terms and they'll fuck off as soon as something becomes genuinely unpleasant. which is hot
Because women like that are fun. If they aren't too crazy which sadly rarely happens. But if they just want go get roughed up in bed then I'm all for it.
hey, some of us have taste, as you can tell
the image seems less sexually arousing and more mentally satisfying to someone. look at the fucking mess in the background too, can you imagine the relationship? someone in it is a fucking slob and it's not sexy.
Keep seething roastie. Women only act right under threat of violence or social pressure. And without that, all women just act submissive to scam men out of their resources.
Over 70% of divorces are initiated by women and IIRC something like 1 in 5 women in the west are single mothers.
Once you get what you want from your man you will trade him up for someone else. You filthy whores always do. 
Not even multi-billionaires like bill gates are safe from foid fuckery. 
we should just normalize rape and strip women of their rights.
Body writing is the thinking man's fetish.
And another one cause raceplay is 10/10
id only be with "my man" if it felt natural to submit to him.
Tl;dr
learn to read I literally changed my mind already >>73179708 so stfu
Ngl I dont have daddy issues, but the dad ones are the only hot ones here
You got a discord so we can talk about furry porn?
Fembots, are you willing to be submissive to your man?
thats really the only mode i know of
Ngl I dont have daddy issues, but the dad ones are the only hot ones here
That's a big x for doubt right there.
Women who want to be dominated and submissive (most women) are cringe af. Women who like equal relaowothout power dynamic fetishization are awesome and also largely don't exist because we are all in hell and nothing just gets to be ok
Man I just want to be mean and abusive when we fuck and have a normal relationship outside of that.
are you completely submissive to your man 
yes, for nyeongie, i would do anything. 
if he told me to fuck a dog for his viewing pleasure i would 100% do it.
of course he would never tell me to do that because he is an angel &lt;3
Have you emailed him yet?
im saving up to fly to korea and stalk him irl
Do you look like the idols he fucks kn the regular? Because ugly women are for abusive sex only.
ugly women are for abusive sex only
hot ;_; 
ywn be nyeongies punching bag 
im not fat or ugly but i still wanna be abused &lt;3
Are you the polish pain pig? The one that has serious yellow fever? If yes he will never use your vaginismus ridden hole.
no thats not me but i think i saw a post where she said she wants to get groped and raped in public by korean men and now i wanna be her friend 
i heard korean men hit women a lot so it shouldnt be too hard to make our fantasy come true! we should go together
Fembots don't exist, please stop with this stupid bullshit. 
Hiro, please delete this board.
Where did all the stupid cunts wanting to be beat by Koreans come from? Not that i believe you will even get close to that guys cock. Restraining order at best.
Any fat femcel virgins want to get ruined?
But I literally have a loving father who is a great guy, still with my mom and all that ;_; 
Idk. Maybe in my case its like the opposite that makes it hot? Instead of molestation/abandonment trauma I never gone through, I get horny thinking that I would literally shatter his heart if he found out that his daughter is a raging degen whore? So no daddy issues here, just a daddy disappointment kek
idk well we probably wont be able to fuck idols because they only fuck the top 1% but i find a lot of korean guys attractive and it seems she does too so im sure we will be able to get sexually/physically assaulted by a couple of them! i wanna go on a girls trip with her, she is awesome
Imagine how disappointed he would be to learn that you let yourself become this.
body writing is hot
degrading body writing is even better
i am horny
283,292,923 liters of cum spilt
What sort of labels do you deserve?
nah i want to write them on others, not receive them thats gay
The only thing that's hot about it are the boobs. The text is in the way
I mean I agree. She does sound awesome. But sadly also riddled with mental issues.
I do love the porn where they ask the girls to say hi to their daddy while some ugly dude pees on them. So I see the appeal.
stupid fucking hole why do you come here if you have a bunch of outward resentment for men, go be a fucking cunt some other place
I don't get any of the bodywriting stuff.
Would totally be behind some kind of barcode/QR code tattoo though or a cattle earing. Femanons thoughts on the concept?
Okay apparently they just sell these earings
 I get horny thinking that I would literally shatter his heart if he found out that his daughter is a raging degen whore?
Your dad knows women and you're a woman, thus a slut
It's just the classic feminist in denial.
Hell, I'll let him mold me into his little trad wife at his beck and call if he pleases
