A fembot should save him
I see him becoming suicidal and things over a bad person and maybe if a fembot took him he can get away from this path. He seems like a really sweet guy
Limes is a very dishonest person. He has been threatening to kill himself "tomorrow" if Meaghan doesn't speak to him since at least April last year.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/68410109/#q68410793
His lies are well documented in the archive and very easily BTFO by reality. Ask him to prove that he is 5'8.
some of you are so far fetched from reality and soaked in meme misoginy that don't realise how bad it must be for Meaghan that this retarded piece of shit is doing this shit everyday. must be extremely tiring and it's an actual crime irl. idt i despise nobody like i despise limes in the whole r9k history. empathchan is retarded and pathetic but this motherfucker i hate him so fucking much
She should just talk to him trying to talk to loved ones isn't a crime it's probably the sweetest thing someone can do
finally someone who feels the same way about him
you are john arent you? what you are doing isnt sweet. is harrasment towards her and annoying towards the board. not even a fucking lolcow anymore at this point. it will just not work. i wont work it wont work youre just being pathetic. at least do an album like Daniel Johnston
Hes not even remotely my type. I wouldnt have sex with him if you paid me a million dollars desu
Buddy I think you need some mental help. Atleast he's trying without stalking her
No, they shouldn't. That's his whole shtick, he cries suicide and then gets girls to feel sorry for him just so he can get attention
How the fuck does he seem like a nice guy lmao he starts killing people faggots and niggers every thread he makes???
UwU he's just writting a message to someone on an imageboard OwO he is completely normal and that's why the whole board know and trolls him, because there is aaaabsoluuuuutly nothing creepy and cringe about what he does. UwU evewybody is so mean to him fo no reason T_T he is totally the victim and i'm sure he didn't do anything strange an creepy to get ghosted UwU
lmao 5'4"(retard) manlet (pedophile) and 200 pounds (stalker). even in kentucky this description is remarkable. 
also fuck you Limes we know this is you posting and if not, you're still a fucking loser no one cares about this proto-humaniod trash. 
anyone that supports him is demented and vile.
i would because i think he's cute and i like how devoted he is but he seems so attached to meaghan i dont think i even have a chance or can compare
You could always try anon he might open up to you and not have to be in pain anymore for someone so hurtful I'm pretty sure she cheated on him
from the sound of the story i think she cheated on him too or at least doesnt want anything to do with him anymore
which i dont get why, idk how someone can let go of someone so cute and devoted like him, i can tell he really cares about people who love him
idk if he'll even give me a chance but maybe i will try idk yet
Are you teen-aged? If not then he doesn't want you
the answer is originally yes
Better be under 17
Good luck 2 you I'm sure things will work out
Just add him on discord limes#7658 
who knows if Meaghan will ever respond but I think she's retarded for not seeing what a great guy she had
i dont believe this post 
also meaghan caught him being a sick groomer pedophile.
She didn't catch me doing anything pal idk what's going on here I hate people lying about me and making all this dumb shit up
I don't know what happened after we had a little argument that should've been solved by us talking all I know is that the fucking snake pretending to be her friend picked her up from her house that week and abused our relationship through poison into it and got her drunk and took advantage of a girl who never drank before and has autism and now because of that our relationship has been fucked up an we haven't gotten the chance to make up
