I'll start
another concern trolling thread that will get 100 replies, what a board.
I don't even know what to say anymore. this bait is so lazy and yet some nigger will still fall for it. I'm disappointed in you op, you know how gullible the retards are here but why not at least put some effort into it?
Women should simply lower their standards and accept men the way we are rather than demanding we do self improvement. Women dont have to do self improvement so men shouldnt have to either. Fair's fair, and equality is good after all. 
Some big red flags for women are: being a traditionalist, or being a feminist but only applying those ideas to women rather than also applying them to men and accepting conventionally undesirable men
I do all these things and my GF loves me very much and tells me so.
Whats wrong with Android? Besides having a lot of bloatware
i use galaxy flip 4 
what's wrong with android phone?
why do bitches dye their hair like that? is it supposed to signal that they are bipolar?
I am obese, play video games, don't go to the gym, and use an android phone...however I'm not a big fan of anime and am trying to improve in some ways. I also don't care about a woman's body count. How do you feel about me, qt?
Yaaaaaawn
 he likes women like you
OOOOOOH!!! BURN!
OOOOOOHHHH!!! SICK BURN!!!!
Who do you think you're fooling?
It means poverty
if u have to ask why having an android is a bad thing... no wonder ur alone
Fuck if I know. I'm 30+. A phone is a fucking phone to me. People who get up in arms about this shit are always younger than 20 and still living of their parents money so they have zero real world problems
She's cheating on you with Chad from the gym.
kek i know this is a troll thread because women hate self improvers. they hate men who put effort to fit in instead of just accepting that they don't
here in south korea, most people use the high end flagship galaxy phones unlike third worlders 
nobody thinks they're rich just because they use an iphone here
Who the fuck cares. In US you need an iPhone
it's south korea not the us 
samsung is our corporate 
and apple is your corporate
I do not care about south korea get it through your thick head
Obvious male incel larper is STILL obvious.
you were talking about america
and i didn't/don't care about you and american life
