really makes you think
????
Hey, can you please stop posting stuff from Reddit? This is 4chan, not Reddit. Let's keep the content here original and unique.
Nice try simp cuck whore retard turdwhore bimbo slut moron insect. Not going to help you simp away the blackpills, simple as.
I appreciate your contribution, but let's maintain the originality of 4chan by refraining from posting content from Reddit.
i shit and fart in your open simp turdwhore diversionary feigned calm mouth. you lap up my feces with an unrestrained eagerness while your fingers shake in rage above the keyboard in anticipation of your next reply to me
Let's make sure the content we share on 4chan is unique and not just a repost from Reddit. Thank you for respecting the community's standards.
The pungent corny log slips down your lapping tongue into your open gullet.
We value unique content here on 4chan, so let's avoid sharing content from Reddit. Thank you for understanding.
What the fuck? They really do live life on easy mode.
Women could get modern men who contribute equally, but they'd rather go for the trad chads who know they are 'high value' enough to be able to bum around playing video games not having to work, and who will still be thirsted after by women anyway. Because women don't actually give a shit about all the equality stuff, they just want to compete for their trad chads, and look down on male feminists
The log disappears from sight into you leaving only a trail of fecal smearing down your flailing tongue.
We value unique content on 4chan. So, let's refrain from posting content from Reddit and keep our discussions exclusive.
Isnt this what foids wanted? Fuck off to work and stop complaining roastie
I would love a life like this, it looks so comfy
Another log protrudes from me and enters your receptive mouth.
Hey, let's maintain the authenticity of 4chan by avoiding cross-posting from Reddit. Thank you for keeping our community unique.
Your lips grasp the tip of the protrusion to taste my excretion.
To maintain the spirit of 4chan, let's avoid sharing content from other platforms like Reddit. Let's keep our discussions and content fresh.
Your mouth claims the log and sucks it down with eagerness.
Hey, let's keep this content unique to 4chan. Can we avoid reposting content from Reddit?
To be fair that's not all women but corporate working in the women dominated departments like marketing, Culture, and HR don't do a whole lot all day.
Other female dominated fields like librarians are incredibly cushy it's not even funny. The few men that work in libraries get their work done in 20 mins then spend the rest of the day playing video games.
The log vanishes from view as it enters your gaping mouth, leaving only a path down your convulsing throat.
We strive to keep 4chan distinct from other online communities. So, can we refrain from posting Reddit content and keep the discussions original?
The log slips away from sight inside of you, leaving behind a trail down your spasming esophagus.
Let's keep 4chan's content original by avoiding reposts from Reddit. Thank you for respecting the community's vision.
As the log enters your mouth, it disappears from sight, leaving a trail down your writhing tongue.
thats what i thought pissant turdwhore peon, jog on. simple as.
"Let's keep 4chan's content original by avoiding reposts from Reddit. Thank you for respecting the community's vision."
"Let's keep 4chan's content original by avoiding reposts from Reddit. Thank you for respecting the community's vision.
nah too late bitch you took to long cause you were terrified and seething. simple as. but muh heckin chatgpt erino
ok enraged terrified bitch LMAO
I guess you ran out of rage bait lol
Let's keep 4chan fresh and unique by not reposting content from other platforms like Reddit. Thank you for contributing original content.
my heckin gpterino chcaterino is so le heckin podcast cool! my secret AI robot gpterino
4chan is a platform for original and unique content. Can we avoid reposting content from Reddit and keep our discussions fresh?
my gpterino chaterino hecking podcasterino!
Would you like a log with that?
my heckin give up on previous strategyerino out of frustrationerino cause called out for thinkin le heckin gpterino is le secret cool AI computerwhizerino genuiserion tool for le hackerinos!
You seem lonely.
my chatgpt lonelyrino! my heckin cool secret hackerino gpt lonelyrinos! seemerinos seethingrinos now that it keeps getting pointederino how i thought chatgpt le heckin cool AIerino was secret hackerino tool!
This guy is pretty shitty in this scenario. Not saying she isn't without guilt, but not exactly a good representation of a woman being nuts.
Spam can be reported, you know.
seethe mald cope and dilate, simping cuckolded turdwhores. touch grass in your turd sucking eating hugbox scared little bitches.
Women want to be girlboss career women, but they also want a man who works and not just works but also still makes more than her, but he's also expected to give her lots of attention while working that demanding job. Women are retarded.
nothing shitty at all in it. casual sex exists, she is part of the sex that fought hard for casual sex to be a woman's right, so she deals with the consequences of casual sex being something women do. she is not entitled to not being a hole for cum in a casual sex exists world.
Based whore. Fuck the system
roastie parasites like her all got fired after the banks started to collapse
honestly this should come to me as a surprise but it doesnt. i dont feel like i have a sense of purpose. 
no girl to work for, houses seem unobtainable, cars being discouraged. even if i did get everything, was able to support a family, i'd be deadlocked into a job with this underlying sense that nothing really changed.
Bro, he fucked her and that same day wanted her to leave. As I said, she isn't without guilt for trying to ruin his life but let's not pretend he comes out smelling like roses. I could be reaching, but I feel you dislike women so much that even in situations when they don't necessarily deserve it you believe they do. It's no different than the women who joke about men's problems and feel if it wasn't x incident, it was y in the past and karma is just catching up to them.
It's funny I've been a neet since 2017 but my bf has worked the entire time. When he got laid off from his good job he worked at autozone for a while just to make money. Now he has a better job and is interviewing for an even better job soon. He knows being a man means your value is what you can provide. The couple weeks he was unemployed he was so disgusting to me. It's not hypocritical it's just nature
what are you talking about you simp faggot? was she forced at gunpoint to engage in casual sex? what are you even talking about you scared little bitch faggot? are the feminism police going to come and arrest you if you say le mean things about women?
he engaged in casual sex and sent the cum repository packing. that's the deal with casual sex. its casual. you don't get to make rules for it that go beyond the law. don't like it? restrict women's sexual autonomy. simple as.
she made her own misery and no amount of bitch simping you do is going to change that.
what are you ranting about you godawful retarded bitch simp faggot? you're not going to to get le internet simp sex tokens for m'ladys defense.
To recap:
I literally said what she did was wrong too.
You know she's getting blacked every night. Truly a shame for such a fine white femoid specimen to be corrupted by the negroid bvll every night. I wish I were there to prevent things from happening, I'd even clean my beautiful white clean of the black demons jizzum. Orally of course, as it is the most sanitary and efficient jizzum exfiltration technique. White power, 14/88
are you still here? you've been shaking in silence and anger for about an hour trying to think of a response and this is all you come up with. how is your heckin cool le secret podcasterion gpterino hackerino aierino roboterino coming? have you done any heckin coolerino hackerinos yet?
Women deserve pain tho. It is always self inflicted
she didn't do anything wrong up until the false accusation and he didn't do anything wrong at all. they had casual sex and he sent her packing as you do with casual no strings attached sex. simple as.
I was having lunch. Sorry your dad molested you. You are worthy of love and affection.
my heckin calmerino feignederino luncherino! i pretend i was having luncherino not shakerino over the keyboarderino out of angerino!
I'll post photos next time. :^)
my heckin calm coolerino sniderino heckin AI roboterino hackerino!
It was Gratin Dauphinois. You're not allowed to have any.
my heckin calmerino heckin humorino have anyerino AI gpt hackerno!
It's not that you're incapable of slicing potatoes. It's just that you're too stupid to give yourself good things. That's really the only thing separating you from the delicious potatoes.
Are you not allowed to have lunch?
*insert russian shill having secret lunch here, hoping he is not caught having a sneaky potato*
i was heckin havin lunch at :^) at my bell delphinerinos heckin robot AI gpt chat inserterinos shilerinos hackerinos!
This nigga seethin lmao
the gpt hackerino simp got dabbed on lmao now he mad af
