Fembots when was your last shower? No judgement here
like 2 hours ago
used to shower every 2 3 days but i got pimples
So now you're on the daily shower and skin care train?
Also, make sure you tell us what your armpits smell like. You forgot to add that part.
I didn't forget.
Last night with my Chad bf while we were squatting in my beta guy friend's apartment.
Oh dear... thank you for the grim reminder, Anon, I'm long overdue.
Before you shower, take a deep sniff of your armpit and describe it for the thread.
gross disgusting awful bad badlong badong
How longs it been? 
Anon you're going to weird people out
That would be rather demeaning, I think. Not that I'm refusing, but describing odors... isn't a very easy request. I could say 'bad', but it's not very descriptive, not in a way you're likely to find satisfying. If I had to pin something specific, it's rather funyun-y. Or, I suppose onion-y, but the snack food was the first to come to mind, which is rather telling. It's initially somewhat sweet and earthy, (like the juice that comes in those fruit cups that were all the rage in elementary), but then it transitions into smelling quite sharp and bitter, like cutting onions, or very sharp cheddar.
I genuinely cannot remember, all my days blur together! That's why the reminder was 'grim'!
As for the possibility of weirding others out... I feel it's rather par for this course. Besides that, I feel indebted for the reminder, quite sincerely, so offering a description as thanks is justifiable, I feel.
I hope you don't think it odd of me to say that I find that, and your current state of being unwashed super attractive anon. Women like you give me hope
Sunday morning
I am about to masturbate and shower later though
Mr. Anon, for the majority of my adolescence, I would pleasure myself wile sitting in a pile of my brother's dirty laundry. I dare to say that if a poster were to be offput by such a thing, especially when communicated in such a cordial fashion, they truly do not belong on this channel.
Consider my post some level of karmic payback to the universe as thanks for allowing me to get away with my dirty deeds (done dirt cheep) with the laundry, lucky enough to not be caught in the act.
I know why my habit formed, and I can share if it interests, but are you aware of how your preference for terrible hygiene developed?
this morning, i shower every morning cause im not filthy
The reasons I am into smelly girls are pretty simple I always thought and I can break it down pretty easily
1. I have a pretty sensitive nose, dislike foul odors and am a masochist so a smelly girl whose stench I have to endure is ticking a masochist box for me even if she isn't a natural sadist.
2. I obsess over my own smell and at all times endeavor to smell very good. A partner who is the antithesis of that is attractive simply because I think smelling bad is taboo
3. An early online relationship I had was with a very eager to dom girl who never showered and it helped cement that as my fetish.
Now as a 30 year old adult male a woman who doesn't bathe that often is truly my ideal woman. It's not so important that I've ever demanded a woman not bathe for me but if I can find a woman with bad hygiene already it's a massive bonus
One of these days I'll fix you, and in turn be fixed by you.
A man wrote this no doubt
Ah, well! That numbered list is quite informative! I can certainly see how that would evolve in your psyche, given that each component fell into place neatly. I will say, the explanation of "I prefer stinky women because I hate stinky smells" is very amusing, though!
Now, tragically, I really must shower. I have no love for my own odor, and now that my attention has been drawn, it's impossible to ignore.
It's a very goofy reason to like something but it simply is what it is. You should shower though, especially if it bothers you. If you find yourself forgetting to shower you could set a phone reminder for yourself.
I love feminine musk. I need a wife that rarely showers and doesn't wear deodorant. I'll take care of her so she doesn't have to work. All I ask is that she likes to snuggle, has sex when I want to, and maybe cooks and cleans my house sometimes.
You'll find her some day anon, stay strong
been about 5 days, im gonna wash today. when i was younger like 15 i hadnt washed for 2 months and my mum had to wash me cos we got complains from school
Do you think wedding dress sex would be hot? Not just the honeymoon but purposely wearing and keeping it on for carnal knowledge. I think it'd be hot. Have to move the veil out of the way to stick your tongue down her throat. Squeeze her tight, pick her up and carry her somewhere. Just go to town on her. Won't even bother with the garters, yank her panties down and get to business.
Don't fuck your wife at the alter anon
You sound short what a boring fantasy
It is pretty lame and vanilla, like what's the appeal other than the dress? You can fuck your wife in the wedding dress after the wedding like 100% fo the time, you don't need to make it a big fantasy.
Whaaaat, I thought you of all people showered quite regularly! My expectations have been shattered!
Is this girl a regular? I must confess I have a bit of a crush on her after the conversation we had.
Yes! The threads she makes are super engaging! She always puts a lot of love and care into every single one of her responses to anons' posts. In addition to that, she's very well spoken and has an adorable demeanor in general. She's one of my favorite posters on /r9k/!
Anon she's gonna die after reading this lol
Well now I feel less like a weirdo for liking her so much lol.
I think a lot of people like her! She's very precious.
Anon, did you notice the filenames on her images?
I think a lot of us come to the same conclusion, but I feel sort of bad saying it since I know she has trouble with comments becoming personal. I hope I get to meet someone like her, someday.
I haven't taken shower properly since the start of February due to anxiety. I was still cleaning myself with towels though, and i wash my hair regularly. 
My whole life i take shower once a week, but recently i have skipped cleaning few times because i see no point + lazy
Yeah very fun. ALL THIS BEING SAID, I don't want to turn this thread, which was already my weird thinly veiled fetish thread, into a thread weirdly gushing about a single fembot. I feel like that has to be uncomfortable for her, or anyone really.
Now I just feel like an asshole saying all that. I forgot about her request to keep things on the subject being discussed and not about her. Sorry.
While that's very hot anon I hope that you can break out of your funk if you are in a bad spot mentally suddenly. 
While I love smelly girls I hate to see when it's a sign of depression, since I'd rather girls be happy and healthy.
On Saturday. I usually take 3-4 days between showers. I used to shower every day but I became a neet and I just don't feel like it now. Also I hate the feeling of being wet, how long it takes to wash my hair, how long it takes to get dry, how long it takes to dry my hair, having to brush my hair and style it, and put on moisturizer and deo. And brush my teeth and floss. By the time I've done all that I need a couple hours to recover christ. It's sooo tiresome. I usually just take a truckstop bath where I wet a rat and wash my face, neck and chest, armpits (I rinse the rag and flip it around at this point) then my vagina then my butt. Then I dry off and apply deo and brush my teeth and I feel fresh as can be. I hate showering so much guys. I just hate it so much. Sometimes I just wash my hair in the laundry basin too because it's easier than showering 
I wish I had a full body dryer like from Home Alone remember that? Where he stands in the fancy bathroom and there is a giant blowdryer and it dries him off super fast
I think she left already so we should be fine
I wasn't trying to make you feel like an asshole, Anon, I'm sorry. 
I sometimes do showers in chunks because of anxiety. I tell myself I'll do my legs, or one legs, or my lower half, do that, and get out. Do you think you can manage something like that today?
They make shower wipes if you find the truck stop showers.
if you find them tedious* 
My bad.
I wonder how these smell maybe I will try them. I am very picky about wipes I hate most facial cleansing wipes or baby wipes because they are scented. To me baby wipes remind me of when my brothers were babies and they smell like feces
Personally, I enjoy showers! I love the feeling of warm water on my skin and the sound of rushing water hitting my bathtub. I could sit in a shower for hours if the warm water didn't run out.
(Disclaimer: I am not a fembot)
The long hair must be super frustrating, isn't it? I feel like girls have a lot more haircare they need to do, compared to me with my short hair. I can understand becoming reluctant to shower if you have such a large task on your hands every time!
My apologies!
I feel like an asshole because of what I did, not because of you. Don't apologize!
I've used these while camping, they don't smell like anything. Maybe kinda just like unscented laundry soap. The feeling is interesting, it's like the wet wipes at a restaurant but your whole body. Dries without a towel and leaves you feeling decently fresh. 
IDK if they are usable on a vagina though, I know PH there is precarious at best as is.
That request was more particularly tuned to the coomtalk threads, as making it about an individual ruins the appeal of the thread.
hahaaa, found the coomer thread anonette!
It would ruin this thread, too. Let's try to slow down the gossip about her, shall we?
The long hair is frustrating but I have kind of a masculine face for a woman (I've been called a trap when I posted my face before) and I feel like if I cut it I will look ugly and honestly I don't have much going for me so I just suffer
agree. let's wait patiently for the next thread of hers,
I'm sorry to hear that, anon, that must be a frustrating dilemma to have to go through.
Women better not be near an altar when it's just two of us alone if wearing a wedding dress. If I lick her she's mine at that point and her husband to be will just have to find another woman to marry. 
All that said, I imagined it more being an at home kind thing. 
And in your fantasy she's naked? Whoa so different. I prefer my fantasy. 
It's cosplay, the dress makes it sexy. Just a little more elaborate than lingerie which is a pretty common fantasy I think. I just happen to be more turned on by a bride character than other cosplays. I could be wrong but I doubt men are coming anywhere near getting wedding dress sex 100% of the time. That's overestimating the frequency by a lot. You don't even need to have sex at all. You can jerk off in a cup and turkey baster it in if you want kids. A life based only on needs is very dull.
Rip :c
This, we need more stinky fembots, pronto.
Get a tankless heater, they're great. I pulled the restrictor out of my shower head and will often stop the tub to steam with the lights off. Great feeling and without the flow restrictor it gets a lot steamier. Better than a normal bath by far. I'm a manon with long hair and just put it up in a bun before soaking. Looks goofy but keeps it dry. Women just like to be silly and wash their hair every time they shower. Looks way better if it's done rarely. Don't tell them that because they lose oppression points if they stop paying the pink tax.
Not everyone has the same scalp retard if I don't wash my blonde fine but thick long hair everyday it looks wet with grease. It's genetics. Also I bet your hair looks like shit and you sound fucking gay. Stick to the faggot thread u cockbreathed potbellied queen
I agree. A little bit of natural hair oil makes the hair look a lot more healthy... probably, I've never interacted with a woman close enough to notice :/
Looks like you woke up on the wrong side of the bed, greaseball. Get better genetics.
Boar brushes are best, they can redistribute oil to keep hair healthy and shiny looking. A little pricey but could be a nice gift idea to keep in the back of your mind for when you get a gf. Also filters vegans.
Die of AIDS retard
Don't get too mad or you might deep fry your unusual scalp.
like 2 weeks but im homeless
Thanks for the gift idea, anon.
Ugh, now I'm imagining brushing a girl's hair for her as she sits in my lap or something, and my stomach is sinking because of those thoughts. So lonely...
Gay men are so disgusting
Are you okay anon? Do you need any help?
three weeks ago. the other day my dad told me to take a shower so i ran the shower and took a nap on the bathroom floor instead. dad pwned. i hate showers.
That's kind of hot. Are your pits unshaved?
yeah. why would i shave them if im not showering?
You plan on going longer femanon? Also that's super hot.
yes because i dont shower unless im going outside
Would you act like this if you were say living with a bf?
no when i lived with a guy before i showered every day because that is polite. also bf means sex and if you are having sex its important to clean properly afterwards so that you dont get an infection.
last showered 2 days ago, gonna have to again tomorrow cause I'll go outside
What if your BF asked you to be smelly and not bathe just to be polite? Post sex obviously makes sense.
i am too prideful to accept money or whatever but appreciate the concern
If you're in the midwest and need a couch to crash on let me know.
