do you have a creative outlet? when did you get into it? would you consider yourself good at it?
do you have a creative outlet?
I make extremely high quality posts on 4chan. 
when did you get into it?
2017.
I'm the best.
drawing, like 4 years ago (but i used to draw when i was like 6), yes
honestly based, wish i could say the same
Drawing. As long as I remember. I am good for normalfags but compared to a true artist I am shit I will never be able to compete against the art masters I admire.
I used to be into creative writing when I was in school. No usually full stories, just worldbuilding and settings. I have a note on my phone full of different worlds that I've written about, usually only a couple paragraphs each.
when did you get into it?
probably since I was like 12?
not really. I consider real writing to be based around characters, and I can't write characters to save my life
once in a blue moon, i make beats on ableton
i got into DAWs a couple of years ago, started with fl studio in 2018, and then i moved to ableton in 2020.
i made alot more stuff on ableton, thanks to the session view making it easy to hammer out loops and variations.
i dont consider myself very good at it. i know little about music theory and such. but then i listen to other guys' beats, and i realize im not as terrible as i think am.
Does modifying cars/motorcycles count? I do aesthetic mods too lol
I'm a youtuber with a fairly large following. Been at it for 5 years now. My viewers always seem to enjoy my videos, so I guess I'm good at it.
gonna plug your channel or what?
the people above you will always be something to aspire toward
of course it counts. but its probably relatively unorthodox for this place
No because I don't want to dox myself here. But pic related is what my niche is.
do you have a creative outlet?
Programming
when did you get into it?
Some time during Middle school, don't remember exactly when.
I like the security related fields and in that, yeah I'd say I'm decent at it.
Modifying cars and fixing them always seems so cool never got into it and never understood how or where to begin
Thanks for asking! I'm the hidden, diamond-in- the-rough songbird of this hopelessly lost generation. My poetic lyricism, earthy yet granular voice and compositional knowledge to create beautiful flowing melodies is the reason I'm alive. I'd post some of my work but I'm afraid it would get stolen in a heartbeat.
