Women who eat meat are disgusting.
I swear to god vegans are so goddamn skinny and deathly looking a gust of wind could probably snap their arms off
Vegans are fucking retarded. I don't wanna date a retard
im a vegan would u break my arms anon
why? i dont like meat but people always hate that about me.
Stop belng fat.
WHEN
WOMEN
INSERT
/print
(GENDER) WHO (DO SOMETHING) ARE FUCKING (ADJECTIVE)
But what if I eat your meat, anon? &lt;3
I weigh 120 pounds. You can do that while still eating eggs, cheese, and steak
im a vegan not because i love animals but because im anorexic
prove it, fatso
I love burgers and ribeye steaks. I literally do not care if people judge me for what I eat. I look and feel great
I just ate chimkn for dinner. Whats so bad about protein, anon?
Meat isn't the exclusive protein source, you dumb bitch, and there's almost certainly no reason for you to be concerned with your protein intake regardless.
You didn't answer the question. Why do vegans hate protein so much?
Huh? Why not? Everyone needs protein. Meat is the easiest and tastiest form of protein. Where is the issue?
Opposing unethical protein sources / opposing protein, you retarded tranny
Huh? Why not?
Because you're LARPing. You are not a 6'5" super athlete who is in need of a high protein diet, you are either a tranny or a fat woman. 
Not at all. All kinds of fruits, vegetables and protein shakes and supplements exist which are easier and are healthier for you to consume, while being less environmentally and morally destructive.
do you actually think eating plants is ethical???
Yes. Far more so than eating animals.
Damn. I never knew vegans were THIS stupid. Not surprised though.
what a fucking braindead take 
crawl back into isolation you mentally ill retard
We need meat more than men especially during our periods
Explain how eating plants is morally worse than eating animals.
Seethe.
Not true, and meat and dairy consumption is responsible for loads of vaginal problems.
Love me some iron and zinc About to have some yummy beef stroganaff for dinner the steak is nice and fresh and bright red can't wait
You do. There's nothing wrong with that, fuck OP. It will keep you strong and healthy. It's like anything: all in moderation.
Moral relativism is dumb enough. Using it to justify a shitty diet fad is dumb squared. Are you in the passive protest camp or just the marketing gimmick camp?
Who said high protein diet? I just said protein in diet. Everyone needs it.
I guess you could preach your bs to Burgers who eat red/fatty/deep fried meat everyday for every meal, but other than that leave ppl alone lol
Chicken is superior. Well seasoned fried breast or slowly cooked thighs aaaa Or baked wings hnnnn 
Having chicken everyday for either lunch or dinner is great, protein intake complete. Or fish? Are you kidding me? As a female who needs more fat in her diet than a male for the proper hormones functioning, fish is the most based, being both a great source of protein and fat (go argue with my gynecologist if you dont agree lol) Same with eggs, my beloved. Aaaa &lt;3
Balanced diet is important. You cant just eat fruit and veggies with a handful of nuts, and yet here you are suggesting eating fruit and liquid calories as a replacement for a hearty meal lmfao.
Go age like a raisin alone, granola man
You couldn't be more wrong anon. Women who eat meat are cute.
you say that, but if a beautiful women, your physical ideal, tells you she eats meat and wants to date you anyways, would you do it?
its so tempting. i often think what i would do if i got the korean girl of my dreams and all she ate was meat and couldnt care less for animal suffering
probably over enough time id just leave, as i cant force her with feminist laws and such
what a cruel fate god has bestowed upon us
Next time just admit you're speaking out of your ass and have no argument. It'll be less embarrassing. 
All the words, and you didn't string together anything even approaching a coherent argument. First of all, once again, meat is not the only protein source, nor is it the only way to have a "balanced diet." Both the average vegetarian and vegan consume more protein than they need.
https://gamechangersmovie.com/food/protein/
So again, your argument that you're some super athlete who needs incredible amounts of protein is just pants-on-fire retarded.
And your gynecologist is a stupid bitch just like you.
Women who eat meat are evil, actually. And their vaginas are fucked up and smell bad.
So long as she stops eating meat, sure. But no sex/kissing until then.
must be nice being chad. im so fucking desperate for love i literally dream of suicide everyday. the seductive nature of love of a beautiful women is enough to bring the strongest willed man to his knees. and im not so arrogant to think id fare any better
but obviously if she wouldnt change, she doesnt love you. and its a weird spot to be in a relationship with someone who doesnt love you
meat is not the only protein source
No one said it was. But it IS the most available one, the easiest to absorb and y e s, it i s healthy and no amount of your seething will change that 
link
Yeah, Im not reading all that lmfao
some random granola gym cult agenda
Yeah, Im not reading all that lmfao
So again, your argument that you're some super athlete who needs incredible amounts of protein is just pants-on-fire retarded.
? I think you need to learn to read before you reply buddy.
Kek, yeah, Im sure she helped me to get my period back after severe under eating with her great advice on what to eat (butter, eggs, fish) just because she is an evil bitch
Get a grip. No one is disgusting just because they dont follow your lifestyle.
That...that isn't meat on the plate, anon.
Of course not, silly. It is my favorite sauce tho
But it IS the most available one
It's not. Pretty much all of these vegan protein options are cheaper
https://www.peta.org/issues/animals-used-for-food/animals-used-food-factsheets/veganism-issue-protein/
easiest to absorb
stupid bitch.
it i s healthy
It is not. Study after study suggests those who adhere to vegan or vegetarian diets live longer and are at far less risk of various meat-induced diseases.
Yeah, Im not reading all that lmfao
Cause you're a dumb roastie bitch who knows it blows out your entire narrative.
you're literally a basket case. a dumb, psycho, evil bitch.
Ok, but I'm feeding you something proper afterwards. That's not enough protein.
PETA LMFAOOEIODID
Yeah okay, I think I won kek, go eat something, you seem hangry
Cope more, you filthy, evil, blown-out whore.
le vegan face when chuds think veganism is bad
Ayy stop with the elaborate insults or you might actually end up eating something fishy tonight
What's your favourite meat, anons? I think I like a good bit of beef, or a nice, properly seared steak with a homemade onion, wine and peppercorn sauce.
Chicken liver with caramelized onion and a fresh piece of sourdough bread on the side is my favorite (simple and severally underrated) meat meal. It reminds me of my grandpa, he would make it for me when I was little. 
Maybe thats why I like meat. Because I had strong badass male role models in my life who would never even think of unnecessary diets like OP lmfao
Sounds like a good meal. I know that the sense of smell is strongly associated with memory, and since taste is with smell, perhaps taste is also very rich in memories? I was quite malnourished as a child, so never had those memories until I reached adulthood and started to cook for myself.
I'm a sucker for simple meals, though. I'd rather be great at cooking the basics that just mediocre at cooking all kinds of things. That said, I should really start to branch out.
Based. I agree. I'll support anything that makes women's health worse
I was quite malnourished as a child, so never had those memories
Sorry to hear that dude
Anything specific in mind for now?
You can't make this shit up. I've suspected the attacks on vegans have been projection for a long time now.
It would actually improve their health and the smell and taste of their vagina.
No, I think the worst thing is I'm not a particularly inventive cook, and I've also not tried a lot of food outside of what I currently do. I need to go to a bunch of restaurants and try some things to get some ideas, I think. Anything you have to suggest?
I don't now nor did I ever have an eating disorder, my mother just didn't feed me.
implying you yourself dont have a severe ed
Kek
Also so what? I was anorexic, imagine being pressed that someone learned their way back to health through medically advised decisions to build realistic habits and not through unsustainable spergy solutions 
Idk dude, due to my household being on a traditional side, I had to learn to cook since I was a young teen and grew up adoring my national (Polish) dishes, I perfected a lot of those.
If you are from a particular ethnic background/country maybe try exploring it more too?
Aside from that, learning to make dishes from cultures/countries you were always curious about helps too, I was(am) an obsessed weeb and a koreaboo and now I can make several dishes from those for no reason lol
Most importantly just have fun (and seek dishes that include ingredients you find appealing~ no need to explore weird combos/exotic ingredients all the time either)
AND DONT GET ME STARTED ON BAKING BECAUSE HOLY SHIT ITS EVEN MORE FUN THAN COOKING
Well, I'm unfortunately English, so our main food is either pies or stolen from our colonies. I do like curries, but I only stick to two that I like. I should explore more of them, and maybe learn to make some sauces from scratch. I think that'll be my next trip. Anything to recommend from Poland?
I baked pretty much my first thing ever recently, some cookies that didn't go all too great because I'm a moron, but I actually quite enjoyed it. Gonna have to do some more soon.
implying you yourself dont have a severe ed
I don't you coping, projecting, polack subhuman bitch. 
learned their way back to health
You didn't. Your current diet is incredibly unhealthy, which is why you're fat and ugly, and your pussy stinks of fish.
Animal agricultural is what's unsustainable, you stupid cunt.
Lol your weak.
Not eating meat can only damage your health. Women seem to be the only ones who know this obvious fact.
Need that bad goblin bitch who eats the organs as well. Need a cave dweller who won't spit at a rat or a roasted lizard.
Stop eating meat. It will improve your health, reading comprehension and spelling.
Study after study shows vegans and vegetarians are healthier and live longer than carnists.
Meat is disgusting in general. I wouldn't eat it at all if it wasn't such a pain in the ass not to.
mom made chicken and pasta
No, they show that richer people live longer, and that richer people are more likely to be vegetarians.
Study after study show women live longer than men, so maybe you should go chug a few gallons of cum, fag.
You know, for someone who claims to be so healthy, you seem to be in a pretty negative mood and also mentally drained. 
Whenever I think about British cuisine, I remember this cool movie Toast from 2010, maybe give it a watch for inspo?
learn to make some sauces from scratch.
Thats where its at, making things from scratch makes them not only healthier but they actually taste better. Especially if you give a shit to buy quality ingredients. For example over time I learned which brands of dairy products are better, tricks on how to spot and choose the best fresh ingredient, what you can save on etc. basic things that then really ease your way into later improv
Anything to recommend from Poland?
Easiest gotta be schabowy, best one is golabki and in the middle of both, pierogi ruskie (but good luck finding good twarog)
Glad you enjoyed making them tho
My first ever batch was shit lmfao, they turned out to be literal rocks.
But man its hard to find good recipes. Recently I found an amazing looking recipe for fluffy cheesecake and still managed to fuck it up (it sank again ugh)
Baking requires patience fr TvT
He should, I wholeheartedly recommend
I am vegan and bench 4 plates
