I'm white trash. I grew up in a fucking shitty trailer where the roof leaked when it rained. All the kids were children of single mother alcoholics and criminal or bum fathers. I started smoking pot at age 13 because it was ubiquitous by that age. My parents gave me no guidance, support or even discipline. They just watched me start failing school in 8th grade until I dropped out in tenth grade. By then they feigned worry. Too late. The idea of me (and my siblings) going to school seems to have never occurred to them. There was not even a dime for a college fund and they won't be a dime for an inheritance except the shitty trailer.
The worst part is we had a house up until my dad lost it due to poor financial planning. So midway through middle school the whole family gets uprooted into shit hole the trailer park. The worst part is my dad is a libcuck who pretends to be smart and sophisticated while living in a shitty trailer. He literally listens to jazz while doing the dishes in the sink. My mom is a hoarder who pretends to be an artist. I'm torn between hating them (then guilty about it) and wanting to forgive them. My life was basically a copy of that book/movie "The Glass Castle". I got the fuck out as soon as I could.
I take some personal responsibility but a socially retarded autist with ADHD growing up in a trailer park full of rejects and sociopaths without any parental guidance was doomed to fail.
Hope your doing well for yourself
thats so dylann roof core
Don't beat yourself up over it. No one chooses what circumstances they are born in. The world will always have a use for ambitious white men, so if you can feign middle-class socialization there is very little limit to where you can go. Stay strong.
self-contradiction
i'm white trash too. 
after my parents split up me and my siblings alternated between living with our mom in her shitty tiny apartments with her revolving door of ex con boyfriends and living with our dad in the middle of the mosquito infested woods far away from any of our friends and not being allowed to watch TV or play video games.
mom never interacted with us unless it was to yell at us or embarrass us.
Oh boofuckinghoo faggot youre not special. I went from living in a 4 bedroom 2 bath home cause but my dad lost it from drugs to living with my mom where I was starved half the month and would walk out of my room and regularly see people smoking meth with my step dad and then my step dad would get meth for me and my friends when we were 14. Have you ever been forced to walk 2 miles to go scrap copper when you haven't eaten in 3 days at the age of 15? Suck my fucking dick.
you sound like an asshole
kill yourself
You sound like a punk bitch
I'm not the one stomping on someone's vent piece.
Only a punk bitch does that.
Which is, actually, you.
Yeah venting about nothing and youre trying to defend an anonymous person lmao suck start a 12 gauge faggot
73181039
See all that hatred and drivel you're spewing?
That is exactly the punk bitch behavior I was talking about.
From this point further, you're not worth the engagement.
you sound like a punk bitch, faggot
this.
play in traffic, troglodyte
Fucking little faggots.
Here>>73181079
Youre a fucking sissy boy lmao
you have the attitude of a bitch ass and that makes me not want to sympathize with your poor upbringing.
I genuinely dont give a shit if you sympathize with it or not. Im saying people have it worse and im not complaining other people grew up worse than me too. Bitching about it does nothing.
i never left my poverty plus i went bald
I am an Indian-American. I grew up with strict conservative parents who made me study like a dog. Dating and drugs were non-existent in my adolescence.
I am now graduating with a Bachelor's in Aerospace Engineering and have an $86k job offer lined up.
haha loooooser get mogged on faggot
