Currently, as I'm writing this post, my little rice dick is hard as a diamond right now. I absolutely love WMAF porn so much, it's not even funny. I legitimately cum so much and so hard everytime I watch an asian girl take on a BWC. It also doesn't take much long, it's like my balls fills up so fast and is ready to explode in an instant. The absolute pleasure in their eyes as they let a white man have their way with them makes me so horny. I love raceplay dialouge as well; being belittled for having a clit of a dick and in a sense, treated almost like an asian girl makes me feel some type of way. WMAF makes me feel so submissive and I love how good it makes my body feel when watching it.
dinnit read
I see Himeno and the neurons activate. Didn't read.
Do you have a sister? I'll marry her and fuck her hard in the next room while you masturbate
This, but his mother instead. I want to turn an average asian mom into a sex doll that provokes her own son with her sexyness after becoming BWC-only.
Why are white boys so cringe. Still, glad you stay on here spamming fantasies and larps all day every day, explains why whites are going extinct.
I want to pump even more loads into her what a beautiful pregnant whore
Reminder none of you will ever breed or have sex.
4chan fantasy 
WMAF and Asian trannies
AMWF and white trannies
Every non-white woman I have fucked has had weird racial fetishes besides one. Indian women are particularly bad for it, they have a huge chip on their shoulder about "colonisation" but also demand the most bizarre, embarrassing dirty talk. They're also painfully, unnecessarily tight so sex is mostly uncomfortable.
The selection bias here is that a woman with identity and race issues is more likely to fuck outside of her race than a woman secure in her race and ethnicity.
Kek, is this picture real?
Ywnbaw or have sex
Yes. Obviously lol.
Are you not familiar with /cgl/?
Cope, trannoid.
yeah we know lol
this was from over 10 years ago. troons basically didn't exist back then
Same but brown
