hey anons, do you guys have any stuffed animals? i have this rilakkuma plushie with a little hat on it and a bunny (seen in background). i was wondering if you guys had any cool little mascots or other cool animals. post them if you wanna or just tell me about them
I have a few. It always felt weird to try to get rid of them, like I'm ditching a friend that's always been there since I was a kid and/or at my worst. Maybe one day I'll find a nice place to rehome them but, for now, we're just hanging out together.
i have a ton of build a bears that random men gifted me
i had a bunch when i was younger, i regret throwing them all away because i had a bunch of memories attached to them. but otherwise the new ones are chill. sometimes i set them up to watch stuff on my phone next to me in bed
are they all bears or are some like turtles or stuff
all kinds of animals and non-animals
I used to, but my twin brother decided to urinate in the box that I'd been storing them in. Now I've just got a handful of beanie babies and knockoffs thereof.
twin brother
is he okay?
I only ever had 1 stuffed toy. My mum wouldn't let me have them, I guess because she wanted me to be reliant on her and her alone? But my little brother had loads and loads of toys, his bed would be full up with them and mine would be empty, just as it still is to this day. Hmm.
did you try telling him to use the toilet next time >>73180141
what's the only one you have then?
is he okay?
Not sure what you mean by 'okay'.
He was a stuffed elephant, my favourite animal, that my dad gave to me when I was born. I don't know when exactly, but my mother put it on a shelf when I was very young and told me I didn't like it anymore. I don't think I fought very hard with that notion, unfortunately, and have no idea where it is today.
that's odd and extremely unfortunate. i'm sorry about that anon everyone should be entitled to a stuffed animal
Sorry to bring the thread down, I just got reminded of that all of a sudden and needed to vent. A stuffed toy thread should be much happier. That said, my little brother really loved his toys and I mostly vicariously enjoyed them through him. He was once found sleeping on the floor because there wasn't enough room in the bed for him.
I have two rabbits I sleep with one I rub incessantly. One is a bear from an ex a long time ago I never really could bring myself to throw away.
I have two rilakkuma bears that my parents bought me even though they got them for me in my late 20s. I love them. 
I just like cute weeby stuff. They're cozy and make me feel a little better about the horrors of reality.
I have a single teddy bear from my childhood at my parents' place, he a real one.
