Welp, it's finally here. I turned 30 a couple of days ago. I didn't realize it until I checked my email to find my dentist sent me a "Happy Birthday, let's schedule your annual checkup" reminder. So I guess I'm officially a Wizard now. 30 years old and I've never had sex, never been kissed, never been on a date, etc. 
I guess I should just kill myself? I sorta told myself "Hey, you're not a wizard yet, there's still a chance for you to turn it around!" but now that's gone. What sort of woman is going to put up with thirty year old idiot like me who doesn't have any idea how to even get a date, let alone how to exist in a relationship.
You get emails from your dentist? Lucky bastard. At least this means you also have good teeth.
You are ready. Join me.
They're okay, I have no cavities, but I feel like they're more yellow than they should be. My dentist says its natural because the enamel gets worn down as you age and the dentin underneath is naturally yellow.
I would never fall to the dark side, I would just be a non-order light user, chilling on some backwater planet with a hyperspace internet connection.
You have a nice cock?
What does that have to do with this, honestly
I would smell his balls for him.
So I guess I'm officially a Wizard now.
Which spell did you get and what did you spec into? I've been trying to do Fireball and Magic Missile, but either I'm doing something wrong or I don't have enough mana for it.
I don't know, I still feel pretty non-magical as I did last week when I was 29.
Maybe you forget all the bad experiences with the girls now and switch from boy-mode to being a man. And then look for women. Women are quite different from girls. It's another world where all the teenie and 20something rules are not valid any more.
You are free from being young now. Being young sucks for most introverts.
bad experiences 
What experience? The guy has never been on a date
raise ur blood sugar
And what is that supposed to accomplish? Is diabetes a magical skill?
okay Anon, now that I have been run through a hundred times, I am ready to settle down with you, you will make a great stepfather to my kid!
Women are quite different from girls.
Yeah their skins all fucked up from years of make-up and drinking, they're all stuck up because they're "experienced"...
You know what I've learned? Older women act just like younger women except their bodies don't elicit the same kind of physical response because their bodies are older
Look for women elsewhere than the bar.
Holy shit dude get a hooker or something
Can I still enjoy gaming, anime, and nostalgic 2000s cartoons?
Those are illegal here and I find the idea of saving up for a trip and thereby making myself a literal sex-tourist to be disgusting. 
And either way, do you think it's just the sex that bothers me? Do you think a prostitute is going to fill this dark hole in my heart that I can feel widening each time I lay down in my bed by myself?
muh retreating argument
mention x criteria, le new previously unmentioned criteria emerges
shutup retard
Lmao, get out of the bar you alcoholic
Your dentist never threw in a complimentary penis inspection for your birthday? Mine did
You're getting yours for free? My Dentist makes me pay out of pocket because he says my insurance doesn't cover it
https://voca.ro/19JsDrJGWak2
Thanks, I appreciate it, first time someone has sung me that song in almost a decade
well my dentist never inspects my penis even if i pay him so who's really getting the short end of the stick
my siblings heard me sing that and they're still making fun of me LOL
anyways seriously happy birthday anon, things get better for sure and this isn't just me halfheartedly saying some nonsense i truly mean it. take it as a sign to keep going and do better if you will
Life is brutal and I see a domino effect the longer things slide. The only way to forbid such outcomes is to continue to self-improooov. I mean that. It will take a long time but long-term the fruits will bear what you want.
Time to download grindr and get FUCKED by a big hairy daddy to get out of wizardhood anon
What is up with people on this board thinking you can just "give up and become gay"?
There are plenty of decent looking women without any kids in their 30s or late 20s I match with them all the time on dating apps. Idk if they're good people cuz I never talk to them though. Alternatively you can just find a young girl, even if you get a 20 year old, 10 years actually isn't that large of an age gap (though some used up hags will try and gaslight you into thinking so).
