To be honest all I want is a comfy wfh or neet gf to hang out and sperg out on cool shit with all day. 
I'm 31 and make 90k a year but I'm chubby and am a virgin. I don't think I'm gonna find a girl like this but I can dream.
I work a fucking burger flipping job and have a nice foreign girlfriend I met at a library. Sucks to be you lol no but for real consider yourself lucky you have your shit together I am going to have to enlist in the army pretty soon this job does not pay enough and I am too stupid to get a degree or go to a trade school.
Thanks for the image. Made me smile, because it reminds me so much of my gf. We met online back when we were 16, and moved to the same city when we were 18. Now we're in our late 20s and about to get engaged. She looks exactly like this. Thanks for reminding me that i'm living the dream anon.
Hey honestly anon I am super happy for you two! I love seeing people succeed, unironically, hard as that is to believe lol.
Honestly going to college and working 9-5 at a tech company isn't like super having my shit together. Its all a matter of perspective
it's possible, anon.
most chronically online yume/fujoshi your age are NEETs
you just need to participate in their spaces to get their attention.
a lot of them are chubby chasers too.
I started talking on snap to this girl I knew from school. We're both 26 and she was really introverted back then so I never really knew her well. I was too fat and autistic to talk to her anyways, but now I'm pretty /fit/ and not a total sperg. It turns out she's still shy and introverted, basically a NEET but she works, and spends her free time watching anime and playing video games. I'm unironically probably more socially adept than her. I should ask her out right?
Stop being fat or stop whining that nobody will look past your fatness just because you have money. Literally just put the goddamn fork down.
I feel like there are a lot of couples exactly like this so it shouldn't be too hard to find. You'd have to look where NEETs and nerdy girls congregate, right? Probably online.
Online where? Anyone have ideas
DO IT DUDE, pls
Nigger no shit I barely make 20k a year. I wish I were smart enough to make that kind of money.
If I am completely honest I mainly just want regular sex and skinship without having to be vulnerable.
What I mean is someone who I can trust to not trying and angle, "play games", manipulate, and other such shit to control, use, and hurt me. I want someone who can be totally clean and honest about their wants and expectations as well as fair in satisfying my wants and expectations in equivalent exchange.
Yeah it's transactional instead of romantic, but it much better fit my autistic mindset then infinite self sacrifice of traditional relationships, or mind games and social manipulation of modern relationships.
But whatever. I ain't really got much to offer anyway. Which is why I will in all likelihood die a virgin, and still a virgin at 33.
I am not hot, don't have a house and lots of money nor will I likely ever own a home or be anything above lower middle class, and have autism so my social skills and personality is shit.
I can live without women in my life, it just feels deeply unfair. Yeah yeah yeah, I know. Life is unfair and you just have to deal with it. But still, it sucks to be biologically wired to deeply desire something that I can never have.
