I just want the only person who has ever really cared and loved and given a shit to come speak to me
You are the only person I have in this entire world and you won't even speak to me. I just wanted to talk. I wanted a family. I wanted to be happy together with you I want things to be ok I love you and I hate that the people you might think are friends now are just the same people who try to hurt us the same fucks who just torment me for no reason when all I wanted was a good life together
Find me before I kill myself I can't do this I've been trying everything for you for so long I can't take this I miss you please find me
Just please remember how much I meant to you I never wanted to fight I never wanted this to be how things are I have lost everything I am without you and I'd do anything in the world just for us to reconnect
Nobody can replace me just come back home to me I just wanted us forever to understand eachothers feelings and love
I can't keep living I have no one else I've never had anything 
I tried harder and harder and I've tried everything just for you
Can you stop avoiding my filters and fuck off
Bring Meaghan to me and I'll have no reason to be here
How do I claim my free cookies for banging Meaghan? Or was that like a one time promotion?
maybe if you stop shitting yourself shell come back
You're an idiot and all you banf is ur hand
I never once shit myself
I don't know who that is, I think she died or ran away with another melon
meaghan left after finding out john uses diapers to avoid shitting himself
from what I understand you got dumped by an e-ho for one of 2 reasons:
she found the CP, or it was easy for someone to convince her that you hold CP
in either case you fucked up and you should cut your losses NOW
the lessons are this: 
if youre into weird and fucked up shit, dont let ANYONE EVER find out.
like shit nigga im just into fat women and no one has EVER found out because im smart
that doesnt mean encrypting your hard drive or w/e, it also means dont hang around shitty people doing stupid shitty things. if this is applys to both potential scenarios. if she was deceived, how and why? its because you were in the wrong places, talking to the wrong people, doing the wrong things, etc. i'm not talking about morality here, im talking about covering your fkn ass nigga
your chances are gone. you ffucking blew it and now you have some idea of what not to do.
hope you learned something. now please stop spamming your emotional nonsense onmy board and seek help instead if you must.
We met here, yet this is the same place where people are obsessed with Erica and the fact that I dated her a decade ago have been constantly making things up about me for the last 10 years. It is impossible for me to do something 
I just want Meaghan to talk to me
I was dedication my entire life to being with you when we met none of this makes any sense I love and miss you. Come find me and talk to me
I know you're here I know you can read this on one of your 20 phones or one of your 5 laptops just come talk to me. I love you
I think she might have moved onto another platform, try onlyfans that is where all the girls go
I Hate everyone I can't escape being treated like shit my entire life from the moment I was born, I know Meaghan is still on r9k 
She was the only person that was real with me and loved and cared I never did and wanted to do so much for someone
I hate this world
Did you or did you not hand deliver cookies to another man for Meaghan?
We were still together and she told me it was an old friend that was feeling down or something she was just being nice and I love her or I wouldn't have ever done that. I trusted what she said
John I hate to say it but you will die alone. You're beyond a doubt too retarded to meet anyone in the real world, so you seek attention from this board. And now everyone knows your face and your lies; you're a joke. Please get off the internet.
Pretty long winded way of saying yes. Did Meaghan ever stay overnight at that friend's house?
I just want to talk to her I just want to be haply and not missing her I need to keep my promises to her
No she didn't. Meaghan and I took eachothers virginity she wouldn't be someone who can cheat and shit like that
But she did, John. You know she did. Why are you coping this hard?
I am only here to talk to her I don't care about these dumb people please just come talk to me Meaghan
Do you want someone to call her and see if she is still alive at least?
John, it's me. please leave me alone, it hurts me to see you do this. it's over. just stop.
proof that this is me: there was a blue object in our airbnb, you know which one i mean.
not op obviously, but sorry
Was it johns butt plug?
it was John's balls because i didn't fuck him.
This obviously isn't her I just want her to come talk to me she can easily add me on discord so we can finally just talk
You can easily call her you dumb fuck
I can't even find her phone number since its been disconnected seemingly from the bill not being paid I really can't call her if I wanted to
You have her home phone number you fucking mongoloid 
Call it and ask for meaghan 
How are you struggling with this
No I don't? What makes you think that I do.
She needs to add me on discord limes#7658
So we can finally talk to eachother and stuff. I hate how I can't even speak to the one person that cared
Sounds like this discord belongs in a sissy thread ill help you get laid anon
ur a whiny faggot when will u finally rope
tired of listening to ur bullshit, stop spamming it in all the servers ur in
I just want her to talk to me I don't know where she is and this board is all we shared that I can even try
he knows where she lives but he can't go there because he isn't telling anyone she has an RO against him
take that devotion you have for me
and give it to yourself 
best Wishes
KK
She doesn't have anything against me dude I could goto where she lives but that didn't work a year ago... nobody would answer the door. If she had a restraining order they would have to tell me and give me paperwork which never happened
That's probly not her either but if it was just come talk to me on discord. We should've talked a long time ago and I've been trying forever now
God damn that is one ugly motherfucker. No wonder his gf left him.
Considering that I took this picture after crying I don't expect to look very good in it
you just knocked on the door and didn't ever try again? wtf? lmao literal retard
You are pathetic. These threads are pathetic. She will never come back because you're a whiny mentally Ill annoying little bitch. Apply yourself.
Did you try her friend's place? The guy she banged? The one you bought cookies for?
Am I supposed to be happy??? The only person that I cared about In this world who gave a shit about me and loved me who i was giving my everything to is dissappeared I just want to talk to her
Yes they told me she wasn't there. Then called the cops on me and police told me she wasn't there and confirmed she wasn't even tho all I did was knock on the door believing it was her friends house and I don't think they "banged" fuck those people tho. Who calls the cops on someone looking for his gf
I hope everything can just work out and she can contact me. Just once talk to me
Why would he call the cops? Talk me through this LARP.
This is pretty unbelievable, John.
