WHITE GENOCIDE planned by the jews. This is occuring not only with the Ukraine War, but also worldwide, with race mixing, such as Black People refugees in Europe.
The personality comes from the father, not from the mother. The only way to keep the WHITE RACE is with a WHITE FATHER having a kid with a woman of any race, preferably, a white woman.
The governments are forcing WHITE MALES from Ukraine and Russia to kill each other in the Ukraine War, while they did let the WHITE FEMALES of Ukraine to flee from Ukraine at the start of the war in 2022.
All that because the jews want a WHITE GENOCIDE, because the WHITES don't bow to the jews, and can't be controlled by the jews.
Slavs
White
But yes, Putin is being a complete jew with pushing ethnic Russians into eastern ukraine, giving them weapons, then claiming they want to be annexed into russia and then getting mad that ukraines fighting back.
Watch this trigger the VIDF and people who get all their opinions from /pol/
The only way to keep the WHITE RACE is with a woman of any race
Factually incorrect, senpai.
Slavs aren't white. The only thing those sewer rats have ever produced is high strength alcohol and child abuse videos.
VIDF
WHAT THIS MEAN??? SOMETHING DEFENSE FORCE?
Maybe it's a joke and the V stands for Vatnik?
You know I wonder how much of this racism LARP would prove to be bullshit if yall had a qt black gf.
Like there was this virgin white friend I had in college who was always like "I just dont find black girls attractive" and would always make some slightly racist remarks about them at times. Then some avg nerdy black girl came into his life and would suck up to this dude, give him adoration and was very forward with him (apparently he was her type). They soon start dating, and man he went from being dismissal and having distain to straight up worshiping black chicks. She eventually left him after a few months cause he was an asshole in other ways but now he only goes for black chicks lmao
To add to this, same thing would probably happen for any other race you think you "hate"
WHITE GENOCIDE planned by the jews. This is occuring not only with the Ukraine War, but also worldwide, with race mixing, such as Black People refugees in Europe.
