If you like
skinny hairless women
flat chested women
women with small breasts
short women
hairless or shaved innie pussies 
You are a pedophile
Yes, and? It's not like I'm ever having sex so who cares.
Also, for the record, I like curvy, hairy, big breasted, tall, roastie women too.
The average man is a hebebophile was my point you smug moid bastard
tfw no skinny but huge tiddied hairy pussy and armpits gf
I like hairy flat women
i like women with big breasts and asses and tummies who don't shave their pussies or pits
what if i like men
hebebophile
That's not a word, I think you're mixing up hebephile and ephebophile. 
Skinny, tall, middle sized breasts and moderately hairy pussy and armpits for me please.
they know what a hebophile is
Whose gonna tell them bros??
The other day in the bus I saw a really cute girl with really hairy arms, it was kinda hot ngl.
If you like
skinny hairless women
flat chested women
women with small breasts
short women
hairless or shaved innie pussies 
You are a pedophile
Roastie cope
Yes. I meant hebephile*
Fucking google chrome is dogshit as a grammar editor. Literally any other browser is better.
hebephile and ephebophile.
be me, 18, at university
studying with friends, chatting shit
Kick-Ass had just come out
"That Hit-Girl is an attractive girl" says 1 guy
casually call him a paedophile, barely paying attention
goes on massive rant
that's the day I learned the difference between paedophilia, hebephilia and ephebophilia
I wonder if he's been caught yet.
The age range for Hebephilia is stupid. It's like a woman made it
It would make sense for Ephebophilia to be ages 14-19 and Hebephilia to be 10-13 
since 14 year old girls are well developed and almost finished with puberty and are in High School
Back when they made the definitions women didn't get their period until 16.
Do you like women with hairy legs and armpits?
If you do, you are supporting the empowered woman
I thought you hated women, anon?
my mom and i didnt get our periods until 16 and i didnt grow pubic hair until 14. if you like 10 year olds you are a ped, simple as.
stop being racist towards asian women, anon
Women
Whew, shota appreciators dodge the bullet.
blown out obese roastoid seething as fuck
have a milf fwb
she is always clean shaven
mfw i am a nonce for banging a girl in her mid 50s.
what a timeline, come get me coppers throw away the fuckin key.
the milf is your mom btw
If I like pretty hairless twink skinny looking men does that make me a fempedo?
my favorite atkgirlfriend actress is piper perri
FOR HER PERSONALITY on camera
