Why are there so many white zoomer women on social media proudly announcing their disdain for white men and their love for black men? They're all pretty much bragging about only dating black men and not giving white guys a chance. Do modern women believe that blacks are superior men?
female equivalent of yellow fever. basically they know that they will be considered top tier by black guys just because they are white when white guys consider them mid tier or low tier.
Serious cope and sour grapes, white boys are trucels who cant breed.
Zoomers racemix a lot but they don't seem too happy about it. Same with casual sex they do it but it makes them miserable. It's weird. My lil bro dated a black girl for a couple years and he clearly wasn't even attracted to her and constantly made racist jokes about her. It was like he was dating her because he thought he should or something instead of just listening to his instincts
Dont listen to this coper. 
Black men get plenty from black women and have no significant for white women if there is no wealth gap. It's has been established at this point that BBC is not a meme and black men live low inhibition lives with interests surrounding sports and gangster music instead of video games and anime. Their masculine factor is too damn high. Even Asian women who come from dark skin hating families have started to get their appeal.
1. women know how to piss people off to get attention
2. this is terrible raceb8 op, do better
Breaking taboos is like crack to foids, also white men are pussies who dont beat the shit out of white women who do this. Remember foids are subhuman animals they have any moral compass so you have to maim them to get them to behave.
on average white women date out the least of any race. in those cases that they do date blacks its pretty much out of hatred for their own fathers, they know thats what will hurt them the most.
There are indian and latina and chink girls who make the exact same racialized tiktoks about white men to signal to their suitors who they're interested in. Why are you placing any emphasis on what teens/early 20s people are posting on social media? All these people no matter their race are gonna cringe at themselves 10-15 years from now when they think back on the shit they posted online
White women gain social status for fucking nigger the west loves niggers
these are cherrypicked and put in compilations to enrage you (aka race baiting). and if it is on your own tiktok that you find these then sounds like you got some kind of fetish for this that the algorithm picked up
irish people aren't white. Never have been. Never will be.
BBC is THE meme lol. There are pin dicked niggers out there who post online to talk about how much disappointment they've witnessed from fetishist women who thought they'd be packing. Stop worshipping niggers
Its not cherrypicked tho. Literally endless videos of young girls in their rooms dancing and singing about loving BBC.
where? why are you seeking these out? i literally never see this content outside of an occasional post here
It's definitely race bait but it's not cherry picked. All girls of all backgrounds create this type of content and post it online. All combinations of interracial have shit like this under their hashtag. It's cringe but it's also trendy
Yeah its not even just white girls either. Black, mixed, Latina, Asian, Arab etc. BBC fever is a global phenomenon.
As white guy with an 11 inch penis and who is 6 foot 3 with brothers with 8 inch dicks white only date black guy for social status having an nigger baby is the pinnacle of status for brainwashed western women
Oxymoron.
yea i think this is on you for conflating a targeted search with the opinion of the general public
Women are attracted to what the media tells them to be attracted to. And this goes for white boys as well, a lot of yall had to piggy back off the perceptions of whiteness thanks to cultural hegemony but now things are changing, other races of men are being promoted in a positive light through movies, tv, ads, music, etc and the result is an increase in the white incel population. These things are all correlated and it's very interesting to witness
Its basically just a form of racism. They don't actually care about the person, just the color of their skin and clout. Its disgusting really. Most blacks know this and go along with it because its free pussy. Yet they back off when things get serious because it was a relationship build on exploitation rather than genuine feelings. 
tl;dr white women are a plague on this earth and will fuck anything for fame
Cope nigger boy I plan on having 10 kids with my future wife and making true alphas that will dominate the other races
Ahhhhh a big white dick! Whatever will I do?!?!
That's nowhere close to 11 inches, lmao. And it's a girthlet. Meanwhile this is 6/10 black guys.
Ahhhh another big white dick! Whatever will I do?!!
This is true, here is a playlist with a bunch of these videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azur6ly9Bts&amp;list=PLr8qSWlwHAzQ0J8qd_5pxSNN_h6KTIM6e&amp;index=1 [Embed]
There is also the tiktok trend of women proudly stating they are going to end their white bloodline by fucking black guys. Huge blackpill for white zoomers.
you are both gay hahahahahhahhaa
it doesnt even benefit me to say that seeing as im a white girl. the girls in OPs picrel would be considered 5/10 at best.
Can you blame really zoomer white men for racemixing with asian girls so much when women so proudly put this stuff online now? I say let the racemixing take place ten fold. Nu-America is basically gonna be tons of hispanics and niggers as working class, a small amount of white elites, and then an absolute horde of race mixed hapas and mulattos. I reckon the hapas will form the upper crust of society while the mulattos languish at the bottom
Ugly deluded femcel cope
Hapas make up less than 1% of US births and are pretty much irrelevant.
I'm a college student and I work at a high end bar downtown and I see a pretty accurate demographic breakdown of interracial couples in your average western city and it is overwhelmingly white men with their chinese or korean girlfriends. Based on this alone, there is no way the hapa birth rate doesn't increase like crazy over the coming years. All I'm saying is in 20, 30, 40 years from now, expect to see an absolute fuck ton of hapa and mulatto spawn all over the place in America.
