Why are you incels so uptight about marriage and having kids? The institution is a scam. You are most likely beta bucks so you will be divorce raped. Youll have kids that pass on your shit genetics. You have no protections as a man. Why even bother? 
but muh love!
Does not exist. Adult relationships are transactional and conditional. 
but I want to be a dad
For kids who will hate you for giving birth to them
You are poor and short and ugly. Your family should have died ages ago but your whore ancestors never kept their hands to themselves
Lol you treat your relationships as transactional? Sad
Yes. Every relationship, there is a winner and a loser. You are spending time and I want a return on that time investment.
What kind of return do you get on your investment in 4chan? Be specific, you sound like a childless cuck who only had transactional relationships with his girlfriends.
Consider: we enjoy each others companionship for the rest of our lives and form a compatible union based on filling each other's needs and weaknesses
I actually enjoy hating on foids and it allows me to be angry while not being so unhinged that I actually do something crazy. It is better than punching holes in my place. 
Never ever happened unlike you niggers who let foids step on them
Yes all my relationships were transactions with foids and then they ended when either she or I didnt see it as worth the investment anymore. What part of love doesnt exist dont you understand
You must be fucked in the head if you truly believe that exists. You are the type to get cucked irl then blow your brains out when you find out. Marcus Aurelius made you fags think cucking is a good thing
I enjoy being angry
Thats not how return on investment works, retard.
Lol I was right, you have zero kids. Tick tock, loveless transaction cuck
You are contradicting yourself. The entire meme about cucking is that a person is betrayed. If it was a meaningless relationship then who you have sex with would be irrelevant.
The same shit as romance, noone wants REAL stuff, everyone wants the idealised version of it. And since incels grt neither the real nor the ideal version, why not dream about better stuff.
