Why does Hitler, not only look like a nice friendly man, but a great man?
If I was in alternate timeline where WWII didn't happen and Hitler didn't exist as we know him and someone should me a picture or video of Hitler 
I'd think he was a very nice guy and a genuinely good person based off of his behavior and appearance 
Goes to show that appearance and behavior doesn't mean shit. Le Halo effect is real
Hitler was a nice friendly great man
This is weird. He doesn't need an ounce of any good qualities mentioned.
People often do not know, or forget, that he was a charismatic, influential man before all of the jew murdering shit.
He was, and he was right
The brightest lights cast the deepest shadows. Good and evil are not mutually exclusive, they both exist in every one of us, and your potential for evil is proportionate to your potential for good. Hitler is what happens when you fail to properly integrate the shadow.
i like hitler so much
i wish i was never borned 
when i blow out my candles
He dedicated his life's work to one goal and threw away everything else to accomplish it. He is an example of what laser, razor sharp focus can achieve in life. Homeless artist to emperor of Germany, the most famous man in modern history
also rebuilt german economy while they were bankrupt and being mugged by the versailles treaty.
had the holocaust not happened, the man would be pretty well-seen nowadays. maybe even kept some of the extra land.
Did the holocaust actually happen? Was it six million? Actually curious. I don't know.
Allies bombed the railroads leading to the Hitler regime's prisoner of war camps, and so were inevitably starved out during the war. Figures range from 300k to the always quoted "6 million" deaths. The crematoriums burning 6 million bodies is certainly false as the logistics of that are absolutely impossible
Who cares if it happened? I wish more were killed if it happened, I wish it did happen if it didn't happen.
This article explains everything perfectly.
https://americanfuturist.net/the-holocaust-so-what/
"Hitler would've been good if he didn't kill jewz" Hitler was always good. The problem wasn't Hitler, the problem is the Jews.
It wasn't about Holocaust.
If he didn't invade other countries (or at least limit conquest to Poland and France) then he would be seen as great german leader (if a bit flawed)
He decided to go further, because "muh aryan spirit" or some such shit.
And the rest is retarded history of Adolf sperging out.
You are a midwit lol
Idiot.
Nobody gave a shit about camps or untermensch. It was just used as extra shit to pile on Germany afterwards.
Just look at how much people care about Gulags and Holodomor.
So if Germany didn't put itself in position to be piled on and blamed for everything, best you'd hear about Holocaust would be few whinging historian nerds decades later.
true.
the biggest fuck up was literally fighting with the entire world on multiple fronts.
he might've even gotten something going with a soviet treaty upgrade from non-aggression.
germany got the short end of the stick in both world wars, didn't it?
also quite funny now that you mention it.
nobody says a word about many of the other genocides.
russia alone went through like three and nobody cares.
you might even get attacked if you talk about stalin's purges since he is the superhero of some commies.
People do forget that Germany starved during the war. Total war is a special kind of hell.
They buried a lot of people in mass graves or just burned the bodies in the open, so it wouldn't surprise me if 10 million were about correct (the constant focus on THE JEWS on both sides pushes all the other people they murdered out of the propaganda lens). That's a large number but disease, starvation, working people to death, some massacres... hell, a Soviet executioner killed 1000 men in one night by himself, once.
and it gets worse.
even post-war they nearly starved.
hadn't the rest of the world gotten the berlin airlift going, stalin would've literally starved people out.
it's a really heartwarming thing to read about;
what started as cold relations with the pilots and crews changed into the germans plying them with beer. then, they got the american plane manuals translated and got germans to help with everything.
and, cutest of all, the rosinenbombers. imagine how nice it was for the children to get little parachutes with candy.
one of the most beautiful events in war.
