HOW THE FUCK WOULD YOU MAINTAIN AN AVERAGE GPA OF 3.85 WHILE BEING ACTIVE IN COMMUNITY OUTREACH, HAVING AN ACTIVE SOCIAL LIFE, GETTING DRUNK ON WEEKENDS, AND HAVING A GF?
effective time management, retard
I finished a STEM degree with a 3.98 GPA, but I rarely talked to people and just did drugs all the time.
Clubs in college
Time to be an adult, anon
built-in social life
gain a hobby
potentially learn a new skill or two
resume booster
college clubs unironically kick ass
The absolute state of normalfags. Why do I still use this board
How is Op a normalfag?
By cheating. Duh.
the only way to experience college
having an active social life
getting drunk on weekends
having a gf
gee I wonder
I finished with 3.84 and did all of those things except have a gf. It's easy if you're not mentally stunted. And my degree was EE, too
It's called having a social circle. 
It's out of this world to you but people come together to study and share answers.
If you're doing college alone day in day out then you will get burnt out
pretty sure OP was talking about how it is possible to maintain such a high GPA while being socially active in so many ways
Majoring in bullshit like psychology or business.
this is really not a difficult thing at all and was pretty normal in the 90s and early 2000s and I'm guessing before that as well. Smartphones and computers suck all your time and have destroyed society
taking a bullshit major
going to a mainly online or easy college - far easier to do this now since many colleges are entirely online making it even easier to find answers to tests
if anything the community outreach, social life, and having a gf helps you greatly. getting drunk even helps as it likely helps you unwind. If you don't keep a healthy balance in your life, everything else comes crumbling down after a while. The person who is depressed and focuses only on their schoolwork will quickly become even more depressed and jaded. They'll stop going to class, as the avoidance and social rejection/isolation start eating away at them. They'll stop seeing a point in anything soon, and just entirely stop doing the work.
You get burnt out by the aspects of your life that aren't as well off. Eventually catches up with you, as your life needs its support in all aspects. Depression and social isolation go hand in hand. They are a chicken and egg problem. Once it sets in, it encourages withdrawal, avoidance, and anhedonia that leads to the slow collapse of other aspects of your life. Some can get by and function like this, but they will be functioning far worse than if the other aspects of their life were actually where they wanted them to be. 
A lot of people who drop out of college simply just become socially isolated, alone, and they slowly fizzle out. They are more than intelligent enough to do well or pass. Sometimes they were some of the smarter kids from their grade schools. They are thrust into a new environment. They often have lost all of Their childhood/school friends as they go to different colleges. They aren't always given circumstances to meet new people at college (eg. not having student housing/roommates, etc). Classes are not conducive to befriending new people depending on the major. It all goes hand in hand, and it's a breeding ground for problems to surface, especially when combined with other factors (no internship/job, heavy debt, no family).
