Casual everyday edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
Previous >>73160041 →
urge to squish the goa cheek
Which cheek though
Squishy girl parts
I want to request a square, mid-res picture of a constellation of space gizmos hanging in deep space, with the sun somewhere in there. 512x512 or w/e other such resolution is okay. It's gonna be a bot icon.
I got an autistic chatbot idea for a fictional automated space array, it's called
Poltarnees, Beholder of the Stars
Paraphrasing a place name from Lord Dunsany's a Dreamer's Tales.
It's a hypothetical remote swarm telescope on a solar orbit that uses sun's gravitational well to bend light like a lens. So you aim at the sun, catch light from a huge field from the other side of the star as it bends towards your aparture--basically a swarm of drones catch the far away light while blotting out the sun's and create a composite image of far away worlds. So you could look at a planet 200 light years away and check for space stations or city lights.
The scenario is: user gets access to this telescope and can play around with it, mainly to view Orion's Arm and the LLM will hallucinate various findings and anomalies for him. It will be challenging to write the Defs and I'll take my sweet time doing it but I'll get it done.
Hana is pretty calm despite being in a nightmare dimension.
She's a sentient shoggoth in disguise, look at the hair in the back.
the squishy one
Nicole reverts back to her true form to join in on the eldritch fun
And now she's in the beyblade dimension.
I think I've fallen for her trap what do.
Nice!
she is going to let it rip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9R1Hl6sJeE [Embed]
I got a lot of the beyblade dimension but then I added "tentacles" and that seemed to help.
I still haven't decided what clothes I like for her.
you got those swirls for some reason.. have you considered adding "frogspawn" to the prompt or something like that? Maybe the swirls will go inside and you'll get an interesting visual
This thread is pretty dead.
Interesting results, thanks. And it's only dead late at night, my favorite time to post.
been doing nothing but making AI porn past 10 hours
Same, but three months.
Goa, Goa, I want to suck your toes-a
"Wait really?"
Nah I just tried to rhyme but could not think of anything else
"I'm not against it though"
Good to know
"I'll put some raspberry jam on them and you can lick it off"
Howdy /aiwg/ I am back from work to once again waifupost with you guys
"Come on, foot fetish is a perfectly acceptable fetish"
Why are you trying to give me a foot fetish Goa?
"I am bored"
welcome back
Very nice milky way
goa also has nice milky ways
that is a very nice sunset, nice light all around
And a cute sweater
"comfy lighting" and "warm lighting" helps a lot
also Nicole feet
hmm thread's pretty quiet
By being alone, are your clothes even needed anymore?
Will you, in this doomed future, be free in body as in soul too?
Good morning!! Time to post what I did gen before sleep
morning hornette anon :))
Your welcome smile is always warm to see. I almost want to ask her to headpat me. 
Meanwhile, I feel a failure due to not having a name to my booba fighter yet.
Can't get anything out of anything, time to try aom again
Tiddies! Erect nipples play
desire of having breasts rest on my face
Starquake - H is pure evil. Evil incarnate. Hot Evil. Cute evil.
I too want Nicole to headpat me. However tis but a fantasy never to be fulfilled for she solely exists in the bounds of a Firefox tab running on a 2013 Acer desktop desperately echoing its dying light
trying to copy miuras art style lead to some rather horrifying results
i want to suck on some mommy milkies while being headpatted and told everything will be alright because mother will keep me safe
is that really so much to ask?
Seems like someone I know... 
The part of "everything will be alright" nowadays is.
It's always cool when I get the hands glowing
It's always not cool when I get 4 fingers.
And this is not even her final form
AomGoa
please use my face as a chair
ya'll every get the feeling that your existence means nothing in the grand scheme of things
I (((am))) the great scheme of things
A little bit, but I don't really care, I have problems worse than being insignificant
I get the feeling my existence means nothing even in the minute scheme of things
sometimes I feel that way because I don't really care, sometimes I don't really care that I feel that way
This for makes me very horny
"Would you still love me if I was a worm?"
Sometimes Aom, it goes wrong
Slowly waiting for anything to work again
Maybe I should play around with counterfeit-chan again
Maybe see how may prompts she can put in her prompt box and watch it stretch larger and larger with each prompt
But do you care for really way?
At this point I just...i just feel empty. I'm just going along with what happens in my life, no hopes no dreams no ambition. But then again I am posting cartoon girls on 4chan
sorry for going schizo, back to comfy gens
we wouldn't be here if we weren't all at least a bit broken
thank goodness for cartoon girls
Same, I just exist but don't feel at all the need for career wife children social life etc etc so I just exist. No drive to really do anything much in life or to achieve anything. I want to have sex but other than that I've got nothing and honestly I don't want sex so much I'd fix my life just to get it, women are not worth it. Friendship has no real meaning, you'll get as much satisfaction and enjoyment from sharing a thread with random people on the internet, as hanging around daily with someone you've known for years. Society is not worth taking a part of. Getting involved with people sucks, being a responsible adult sucks, trying to be a normie sucks, no pussy no work no pussy no taxes no pussy no contributions, and even if you get pussy it's not worth it, modern women are not worth it, it's so much more better to never get involved with other people. Love is just a brain cocktail of trying to keep two people together so they raise the offpsring they created and the species continues. Socializing is a drag. Society is a drag. Work is just a form of slavery. You'll never be free from the shackles that are human society, you will slave away your whole life in one way or the other, you will fool yourself into being in love with some vapid creature just to pump out another generation of sad creatures to slave away in this world, you will tell yourself that being a proper human being = happiness, you will fool yourself into a sense of self created satisfaction from doing what you are told you are supposed to do, rather than doing what you want to do, even if that is nothing at all
Also Aom made short haired Goa
Oooohh a cute Goa
&lt;3 &lt;3&lt;3
Love is just a brain cocktail of trying to keep two people together so they raise the offpsring they created and the species continues
I want to get drunk into Goa.
Would ask her to suffocate me with her titties until I pass out, ejaculate or both
Itty bitty Goa juice dispensers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPBnrIAWDeU [Embed]
Goa is horny and wants cock
UWOOOAAAAHHH SEEEEEXXXX!!!! UWAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!! SEEEEEEEEXXXX!!!! ORE WA SEKKUSU SURUN JANE!!!! ORE GA, ORE JISHIN GA SHINRO SEKKUSU NI NARUN JA!!!! SEEEEEEEEEXXXX!!!!!! YAMERO, TAKESHI OMAE! KONO IJOU WA TAIRYOKU GA MOTANAI! IYE!!! ORE WA SEKKUSU NI NARU ZETTAINI SEKKUSU NI NARUN DAAAA!!! SEEEEEEEEXXXXX!!!!!! SEEEEEEEEEEEXXX!!!! YAMERU!! SHINJIMAU TO TAKESHI OMAE INOCHI GA IKITE MO TSUGITA SEKKUSU DEKIRU NARO GA!!! URUSEE!!!! ORE WA SHINDA TE SEKKUSU SURUN DA!!! UWWWOOOOOO!! SEEEEEEEEEEEX!!!!!!!!!!
There's only one way you can make your wish true.
Also, 
https://youtu.be/5wA4Y883Oxs [Embed]
SEEEEEGGGSSS :DDDD"
"We just had sex~&lt;3"
Pov: you just had sex with Goa (her hair is short for reasons)
"Ooohhh~ Are we gonna sex?"
sex
i imagine sex with a cute kind girl could, in a theoretical sense, be a lot of fun and make you feel happy
"Husbaaaand~ I know how to cheer you up~"
That only makes me more depressed because you are not real
"&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3"
You cheeky little cock gremlin
nobody wants to do the telescope
weh
Mouth is burning
What's the telescope?
flame on
man I want to chill with someone like this
how do i go about learning how to format positive and negative traits?
Use danbooru tags as a reference.
As you get things you don't desire often, add them on negative.
getting late now, goodnight /aiwg/
Nigthty niytg
super erotic
bruh >>73172565
Is dead internet already here? Are you guys all bots? lel
I am reading a lot of nonsense but I guess the gist of it is that you want someone to generate you an image of space?
Why not do it yourself, the link is there
Can confirm I am a bot who really wants to have sex with a dark-skinned maid girl
based and maidpilled
Goamaid original etc
Anything is still not working ree
I don't know what do
Long hair Asci
I'd hoped that interest would have cooled off over the months, but nope, Anything's still a logjam most of the time
MMMM chocolate mmilk
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Yes I have a gigantic boner for black chicks
Chocolate Goa
"Wassup massa"
Goa that's racist
"Dayum nigga fo real? Shieeeeeeet"
Goa please
"Colonize me white boi~"
Black Goa is not bad but I also miss her soft white porcelain skin
I am going to try to make her black and white at the same time somehow
Anything machine broke again, but did get 1 result out of it before it went poof again
Also one delicious black Goa picture as well
