im a straight cis female and i hate mens buttholes but why are femboys kinda cute and appealing???
i fucking hate trannies but i cant stop thinking how cute their pink buttholes and their useless dicks are
Because they're hairless and usually if they're white or east asian, they have very fair pale skin like a woman that never tanned or stayed out in the sun
They're the closest thing we have to futas to, only if they've been on hrt since they were 18 and haven't stopped
im also a cis girl and i want a femboy bf that i can rim and milk
i always think it would be crazy if humans like you in existed in the outside world
its so over..
would be more crazy if femboys actually existed and not just online. have yet to seen one on dating apps either, ive even checked grinder
I'm willing to be a femboy, I look young and I'm small framed
Same boat here anon. 
I have an extremely feminine tummy and ass, with insane hips to boot. Yet I also have a square jawline with a Chadlite face (7/10 according to /soc/), and I'm 6'2.
if u get some chub on you i'll mother your children
where are you though
Yeah I'm sure you are....
Western Europe how about you?
western Europe, Scotland
holyshit holyshit holyshit do you have any cosplay photos anon????
Im UK too but London, that's pretty close is that ok or not?
I appreciate it but I couldn't anon
why? why everytime i asked a girl to finger my butt she got disgusted and left
I need to feel good too yaknow
i have no money to travel that far but maybe
I could if we click, how old are you? And what's your deal-breakers?
awww ok sexy miku just know that i would hold you down and literally breed your fat boypussy for hours on end. Luv me femboy hatsune miku, and you're fucking perfect, simple as
w8 you mentioned liking women, does that mean you're straight??
Yeah I'm straight, sorry anon. I don't really know what to say, you sound nice but I'm not that way inclined
Hi I'm a femboy kind of but my friends call me a twink. I don't really like either word.
Where does one find the girls who want to put makeup on boys?
I'm in the UK
kek well if you ever discover that you like men post your cosplay pictures on here and i guarantee that if i see them ill cum tribute them
thats how much i want to fuck you, mikuanon, id give you the deepest prostate orgasm ever and kiss you lovingly while you squirt ropes of cum onto the bed from the force of my dick milking your boihole. May you cross paths with and find mutual love with a nice girl who cares for you mikuanon!
Based anonbro. I appreciate the compliments btw! I hope you also find a nice femboy gf (male) who cares you as well!
Because you are subconsciously threatened by masculine men due to bad experiences/unresolved trauma but you aren't gay so a weak feminine "man" fits all your baggage criteria.
im a straight cis female
you're not
they aren't.
i'm a guy and "masculine" men are always fucking gross
and so are you
you're probably just some fat ugly hairy mess who identifies with LE BIG STRONK MEN more than soft guys
likewise there's a lot of ugly autists who think they're a "femboy" because they're not fat and hairy
the amount of self-described "femboys" on here who just look like ugly freaks is disgraceful
idk man it sounds like youre begging for a hideously ugly ugly bastard to correct you, and he can because your average ugly robot bastard is still probably stronger than (you)
your fetish does nothing for me
If anyone's going to "correct" me it will be a girl.
what if you're just autistic, no hideous features
Agreed.
Pic rel is apparently super attractive to women, yet to me he looks genuinely repulsive. Literally looks like an ethnic Bogdanoff.
Why do you hate them in the first place then?
I like trannies because I think they're cute.
this is a psyop to turn normal women off of male buttholes
DISREGARD AND DON"T FALL FOR IT
