be me 1.5 years ago
 drunkingly befriend a girl at a college party
 be a 4 while she's a 9 ez
 start hanging out 
start hanging out every day for months
gets feelings for her
I don't act on them bc I can't tell if she does too
have her do shit like:
kiss me on cheek and neck whenever drunk
 ask to hang out everyday without fail
 randomly hold my hand sometimes when walking
 but also:
 tell our mutual friend she could never see me as something 
 tell me about other boys she likes
never make a real move 
 all while I'm doing shit like:
 walking her half a mile home each day
 solving any problem she comes to me with..without fail
going far out of my way for her 
 always being there for her 
spending uncountable time money and energy
 be me 6 months ago
 said I loved her while almost blackout
 don't remember anything after that
never talked about it
develop a simp "if I just keep being there then maybe" attitude 
 be me today
 have her begging to hang out still everyday
 have me not being able to say no to her
 have me be super confused 
 have me feel sad worthless and beta
have her somehow turn into my closest friend
be 90% sure she knows I like her, yet be cruel by talking about hookups and boys and teasing me
 have her continue to flirt but at the same time say things that makes me think she would never see me as more than a friend
 have me asking you fags for advice.
Shes a whore. Fuck her then dip bro
both those things are easier said then done
Dont tell her straight up u tryna fuck like a weirdo just make your intentions clear. Dont let your feelings be ambiguous. Make sure she knows whats good
Anon, why have you not just told her your feelings? Just get it over with. Unless you enjoy suffering in this cycle you've created.
fuck off normie faggott
Women are evil, water is wet
I have been asking myself the same question for months. there were several times where I planned to, and got her alone, but I started choking on my words everytime so just changed the topic. Maybe to not ruin the friendship, maybe I really don't want to be in this guy best friend falls for his girl best friend cringe ass trope, maybe your right and I do enjoy the suffering.
So you have two choices here. Make clear your feelings and see how it progresses, or stay stuck forever. The hidden third choice is to break off the friendship so you aren't tormented anymore. Now, it's just a matter of picking one.
you're right anon poopy, it's so over for me.
you're right obv. Had those choices laid out for me months ago, kinda kept hope there was a hidden hidden fourth choice where she admitted something/anything. Lookin like that won't happen.
