Whats the funniest way to kill myself
She looks creep
Shooting yourself as a human rocket into the anus of some black woman
Shes beutiful
Something attainable please
That's a good question. You can really get creative with your suicide. Some Looney Toon type shit like dropping a grand piano on yourself.
I dont own a grand piano maybe i should just
I'm partial to the idea of gunshot in front of some completely random person. Absolutely ruin another life on your way out for no good reason.
Kek, if i ever go to america again ill think of that
shooting yourself in the head with a revolver live on the 6 o clock news. (this most incel way of ways to go was pioneered by a woman, and no one has done it since. actually true. that's how pathetic all of you are)
If you die anyway you can spend a bit of money
Huh, never realized Christine Chubbuck beat Budd Dwyer to the punch. And given her motives she might literally be the Eternal Queen of the incels.
keep posting that and i will sue u
Who are you
What
True. But getting crushed by a piano wont be publiciszezed
Gape your anus with a wine bottle and throw yourself down a flight of stairs to chush the glass and shred your colon.
who am i? no.. who are u...
Catapult/trebuchet yourself into a social gathering of your choice.
Absolutely this, anon. Build yourself a trebuchet and do it. It's like high effort shitposting, but irl.
https://www.instructables.com/How-to-Build-an-Awesome-Trebuchet/
dress like a clown, go on live news, do a little jig, fart and then blow your brains out
society is truly a place to live within
I've never done psychedelics like DMT, but I think if you were given an opportunity to slash your wrist with a mirror under the influence of DMT with the assumption your chakra would reverse to spark deincarnation that would be pretty funny. Or go to one of those vitamin infusion IV places for about a month-long supply of nutrients and then lower yourself into a pit of bedbugs to die somehow other than starvation.
