Describe the coolest girl you've ever known.
my imaginary children :o3
plays vidya with me(and is actually good at it)
insanely smart
good social skills
shares a ton of interests with me
keeps herself in good shape and cares about her health
good with kids
kind 
well off
family is nice
beautiful
modest
has a good set of values
same religion as me
She's single too but can't see me as a dating prospect because she's 10 years older than I am. FML
t. 20 y/o
What do do you mean imaginary children?
t.esl
She saved me and I can't ever thank her because i have hurt her so much
Knew her in 7th grade. We'd play vidya together. We played smart games. She was cute.
None, really. No women I have known have been "cool" so to speak. There was an autistic girl at community college who was super into Sailor Moon and kept asking me if I wanted to hang out at her place but she wasn't cool. Every "cool" woman I have known has been a cunt who tries way too hard to be detached, ironic and edgy, or just an unbearable retard.
One of my wagie managers. She was a grandma and she was really cool and nice.
I don't think I can. I've met some girls that I've thought they're kinda cool, but I've never gotten to know them because why would they spend time with someone like me? Then I forgot all about them and I can't even remember their names (in fact, I don't think I ever learned them).
drinking buddy
loud idiot 
will do stupid shit like race me at crawling though pipes at a construction sight 
unaware how obnoxious her laughter is
Doesn't complain about my alcoholic bullshit
Will smoke cigars with me when drunk
into mystic pseudo-religous bullshit 
has cats
was like a foot taller than me
could pick me up easily
completely BTFO every other girl on the rowing team's ERG scores by a wide margin
probably autistic
amateur photographer
Juniper Actias AKA moth mommy. No, we were not friends and interacted only enough times to count on my fingers. I doubt she knows my name. She's way smarter and full of surprises than her public persona of making all her own models/art/animation for twitch streaming would lead you to believe. It's like she's not even real.
kinda what >>73170908 this guy said
any girl ive met who was sorta cool also just had so many mental issues and used the internet too much or was simply too autistic of a person for me to consider just to be cool. cool women have a fuckton of baggage meanwhile cute innocent girls have little baggage but somehow become super boring and quiet
you really cant win in this situation
My girlfriend
into VNs like Saya no Uta
was a virgin before she met me
4'11, asian, drop-dead gorgeous
korean was her first language, taught herself english and speaks it more fluently and eloquently than the overwhelming majority of native speakers; no trace of an accent whatsoever 
genius-level IQ, was beating college students in chess by the time she was 7
extremely misanthropic to the point where she has no friends and has contributed to several suicides
racist, antisemitic, homophobic, hates trannies with a passion
I could go on and on
she is genuinely so fascinating that I sometimes wonder if she is from this world
It's weird, but I guess I've never found any woman "cool." Not irl at least. I find many women admirable and important, but never cool. I thought quanxi from chainsaw man was cool, but I hardly think that counts. I suppose women are just kind of cheesy In my mind. I think it's cute, but women are a lot more genuine and present with their own emotions, which is healthy or something, but not cool. Personally I've always admired a healthy distance/detachment to my own self. I probably picked that up from my dad.
She sounds absolutely perfect. So I guess there are girls like that out there, huh? How did you two meet?
i am just kidding
what do you mean by asking
you dont deserve her and I will rape her in front of you
My 32yo co-worker
funny, gets edgy male humor and tells the funniest stories
will talk about videogames, anime, and star trek in the office with me while everybody else only talks about normie garbage
ultra smart, when something goes wrong and I panic she always keeps her cool and fixes things
does archery
MASSIVE tits while being thin 
She actually dates younger men and married one almost a decade younger, he's the luckiest guy in the world.
women can't be cool. they're fucking cunts who manipulate and intentionally harm men who don't meet their insane fucking standards.
maybe youre just unlovable
that's probably true yeah, i'm just bitter and sad and its probably my fault
zoologist
furry but not the fursuiting kind
probably autistic
obsessed with anime
edgelord
made art and songs for me
loves nature
loves hiking
into hardcore femdom but also subbed
would let me lick her feet
cute
Just testing if I'm still region banned before I write up a whole thing
This
I would rather it be this but the fact of the matter is that there have been a few girls who have treated me like I'm a good person and have even told me that I'm a good person and I'll find love one day.
I would rather have never had these interactions because at least I could still view the world as being a good place. The fact of the matter is, I'm not unlovable, I just need some support from a woman to emotionally be less neurotic and less needful of some kind of human treatment
It's quite the negative feedback loop
Played vidya
Huge movie nerd
The best taste in music I've ever seen
Absolutely gorgeous
She was extraverted on the surface, but really was shy and embarrassed easily
Wild as fuck in bed, but only had ever been with one guy before me
Could stay up all night talking about anything and everything
Never felt uncomfortable around her and I could always be my genuine self
I met her at work. We clicked like nothing else. We had the most intense, passionate relationship. Unfortunately she had a lot of trauma from her past (she grew up in a REALLY bad home situation). It was great while it lasted and we stayed friends for a while after. I still think about her every now and then. I hope she's doing well.
op thinks i know girls irl, silly you! i'll just use an example of a girl i know online
same age as me (18)
talks to me
when i mean talks to me she talks about real personal stuff sometimes
i do the same
doesn't care if i get weird because she's weird herself
just really pleasant to talk to and we have long conversations
i don't care if it's really just an online friendship, she's just super nice to talk to, oh yeah! she has big boobs.
oooo i'mm yourr hollyyy ghostttt here to tell youuuuu date annn olderrr girllll oooooo youuuu shoulldd dooo ittt annonnnn noww..... before ittsss tooo latteee!!!!
lesbian
genuinely into femdom
ridiculously intelligent, masters in economics
loved cosplay, gothic lolita, asian streetwear
somewhat based, politically speaking
amazingly engaging to talk to and had top tier banter, funny as fuck
could talk to her about absolutely anything, say anything, make any joke
loved strategy games, played civ and stellaris with me for 10 hours a day during lockdown
always offered to help me jerk off
ciri i miss you so much. not a day goes by without me thinking of you. sperging out and destroying my friendship with you is a regret that will haunt me until the day i die.
enjoys gardening and the outdoors
amazing cook
great with kids
has a good sense of humour
very kind
very patient
always there when I need her
I love my granny.
oooo i'mm yourr hollyyy ghostttt here to tell youuuuu date annn olderrr girllll oooooo youuuu shoulldd dooo ittt annonnnn noww..... before ittsss tooo latteee!!!!
It's not just any older girl. I met her through a video game we both played years ago and quickly found out we both live close by. We talked all the time online about all sorts of stuff and at the time I didn't even know she was a girl. A year and a half later we decide to meet up IRL and a few days before we had scheduled to meet she dropped the fact that she was a girl. I was a little disturbed but tried to continue as we were online and just act like good friends. Because of our proximity and close relationship we started doing a lot of stuff together. hiking, finding new small restaurants, kayaking together, staying up late playing vidya, etc. The only problem is she never saw me as anything more than a friend/little brother because of our age gap. I have straight up confessed to her that I'd like to be with her forever but she just laughed it off. "You'll find someone one day anon." I'm absolutely infatuated with this woman but she just doesn't see me the same. I'm doing really well career-wise for someone my age so I think I'd make a good partner but she just can't see me the same.
ah damn, in that case were sort of in the same boat anon, i've known an older girl whom i'm sort of close with friendship-wise, i've confessed to her once when i was about 16 but she brushed it off too.
honestly the relationship you have with her is precious, keep it the way it is, unless if you wanna shoot your shoot (personally i would not), but you may never hit a home run if you never swing that bat! besides that, i can only really sympathize with you man
i generally find women to be too selfish and cruel to be friends with. i don't think male/female friendships is possible
I want to be with her so badly. She's been getting baby fever lately so I might just be able to finally get with her. It just really hurts staying at a distance like this when I want to be closer.
Based fellow granny appreciator.
well man heh, it's what i said, you'll never hit that home run if you never swing that bat of yours! (pun intended on this one), it's up to you to whip it out (pun also intended) and swing brother, swing
I interacted with an extremely peppy and chatty cashier wearing these the other day I was half amused half admiring her guts
she sounds like a nigger
you guys are describing a: lebian bff who will save me by forcing me to talk about my feelings.
Most of you are but just don't know it because you haven't come to the realisation I have.
This girl who was so funny, she was so excited to see me each morning and she thought my weirdness was hilarious and we'd form so many fond memories together. We pretended to be a married couple and had imaginary children together. I thought she so funny and I crushed on her pretty hard. She would grope me and she was the one who approached me all the time. She was such a tomboyish rulebreaker and seemed infinitely cooler than me. Falling in love hits different when they're seemingly out of your league and still like you for some reason anyway
yes, it is a cruel twist of fate, as though we have not already been punished enough, all the best girls have no interest in men whatsoever
Its gonna be absolute misery when she's gone. Shes basically the only person I care about.
always offered to help me jerk off
The fuck
A Ukrainian girl I was friend with
Short and thin 
long purple hair
played vidya and other nerdy thing 
into weapons
she was genuinely funny and has a strong, dominant personality without being to aggressive or hating men 
her job was literally being a professional femdom 
she did not made me pay for our sessions because I was her little puppy(called me like this because I am 5 years younger than her)
I miss her so much bros
i can be the cute neet gf 4 u guys :3
In which location do you reside, dear NEET GF anon?
the us, my dear anon ^_^
My dear NEET GF, it appears that I will not be able to consummate a real-life relationship with you, unfortunately. Regardless, I am very grateful that you offered such an opportunity for me!
Actually, that makes sense! I know a girl just like that who is lesbian. You're probably pretty spot on here, anon.
please further detail the terms of this proposed arrangement
hmmmm must be 15-17 and nice and cute and will be mean to anyone who is mean to me!
Girl I met in Indonesia and married. She's from an extremely remote/rural region so she and her family quite literally lived as hermits in huts in the mountain jungles, very primitive lifestyle. Never personally witnessed a person at such feats of survival and self-reliant living, let alone a woman. Sadly she wouldn't leave with me, come to my country to live. I need to get back to her and the kids again.
To each their own but I NEED a lesbian bff who will save me by forcing me to talk about my feelings 
Yup, there is something special about them.
