yesterday I told my friend I liked her and I was gonna ask her for her name and ask her out in the cafeteria, but she wasnt there today. So he went to her station and talked to her first. I feel like what he did wasn't helpful at all. What do I do?
This is what he said
---
Me- hey, thanks again for teaching me how to use the phone. I needed to call my mom and remind her I'm her son
V- no problem
So then I ask her "so what do you even do here do you pretend you're working?"
V - lol no no I (she explains)
Me- oh ok so_
V - so what's your name?
Me- Steve, what's yours?
V - Violet
Me- that's a ridiculous name.
V - why
Me- it's too nice. My name is Steve. Simple, humble, not trying to show off. But you? Ooooohhh loook at me I'm V I O L E T
She laughs
V- well I guess, i didn't choose it
Now at this point, I was aiming to invite her to jeremy's table.
Her - so you know I don't work here everyday. I'm here Monday and Tuesday
Me- oh ok because you're Violet so you're too good for this place?
She laughs
V- no I have another job
Me - oh nice me too. Ok so
She interrupts
V - where do you work?
She asks me stuff about myself
So I twist it into this
Me- you know despite being a show off with your name you seem cool. You should sit with my friend jeremy and I, we only talk about very mature subjects like the economy, religion, if names should start with the letter V etc
V - oh, with all those other people? Yeah maybe. I dunno, some of them take up a lot of space and I don't want to listen to everything
Me- oh yeah that happens. Especially me, well I'm the most annoying one. So if you can handle me you should be fine with my friend,
Her - no no you're fine. It's okay. I just like to be here sometimes. But you can talk to me whenever you want this is okay
He approached her by pretending he needed to know how to use the phone. I grew interested in her cause she once told me I was a movie star as a compliment
I don't know what to do. I have a t shirt printer. I could print his face on the back of my shirt and approach her and say. You see this guy? Don't believe his lies.
But I feel like he effectively cockblocked me.
Is this AI-generated?
no. Its a real story about something that just happened.
same thought bro. I just noticed that normietards tend to speak like chatGPT. Just more grounded and fairly less formal but the pattern is extremely similiar like it's programmed kekw
Not gunna read
yeah, nah. i'm not reading all that bullshit, little dude. come back after you're 18
Is your friend Me or V? I can't see where he did much of anything to get in your way.
you should have made the first move dawg
btw acting like you wanna be just friends increases your chances of getting her contacts
my friend is ME, shes V
that's your issue.
unless they're a real friend you're getting cockblocked or they'll try to go for the catch first.
do cut him off now for being an asshat, if you may.
I feel like he tried his best, but she ended up being attracted to him instead lol. You should've went up there yourself. Also yeah he might have just cockblocked you anyway.
