How the fuck do I cope with retail work, bros?
Five hours of backroom work and I feel like I want to cry, fuck why do I have to have Autism it's so fucking hard finding a job. All I did was sort some clothes for a while and I feel so drained, I gotta do this shit tomorrow, too? How do the mentally ill manage to survive this, I was on the toilet for over an hour this morning with anxiety shits.
Yeah doing menial shit with no simulation makes you wanna wish for suicide 
I swear I contemplated suicide doing stuff before
Jesus tap dancing Christ I can not put up with this shit much longer, you bros will never understand the horror of having to work in an office of mostly middle aged and older women. And I dont mean the MILFy kind either. The passive aggressiveness is driving me up a wall, and go figure the IT side of things are a completely different story. Sending resumes like mad now.
there is no cope I think. I've never had a car that could do it but I feel like delivering pizzas or whatever would be more suited to autists.
why exactly do you care about what some old biddies are saying about or to you. are you a 12yo girl. are mean words damaging your fragile little emotions. just do your work and gtfo
Do you think so? Only thing I'm afraid of is getting shot by someone or their pitbull running out and mauling me, I live in central Florida and I swear like a quarter of the population is on some kind of hard drug
Starting a new job is hard for normalfags too at first the first two weeks they have no idea what they are doing it's only like a month in most people start feeling like they have a handle on things. You are autistic so the shock to your routine and ability to pick up on stuff is going to be even slower to adjust. Don't be so hard on yourself op I am impressed you even got a job. I need to get a job so badly I've been a neet too long 
Give the job a chance give it at least 5 shifts and make a decision unless it's truly unbearable. I've quit a cashier job after 1 shift because I knew I couldn't do it. I quit a warehouse job after 5 shifts because the ladder scared me yes I'm a pissbaby I don't care
Thanks. Been trying for a job so long, never been great with change in my life. I genuinely can't imagine working there for more than two months, it's an outlet store I'm pretty much just trying to figure out how not to sudoku from anxiety. Last time I had a job was at an office store all the way back in 2017 but the anxiety was too much on me, think I only worked 2-3 weeks before I was on the verge of mental breakdown. Did alright at college but went with the absolute minimum I could handle (2-3 classes a semester)
If you work at a call center you will hate talking to people, but love sitting in front of a computer and being paid to do so.
Pay attention during the training, but once training is done focus on maximizing personal enjoyment while sitting in front of a computer every day
having the headset right over my ears gives me anxiety, words seem to shoot into my head and just stay like static electricity. I also don't play online video games for this reason
Well good luck finding a job that you can cope with
Thank you, I've been trying for a while with not much luck. Really hope I can get into some small comfy hobbyist place a coin shop or board game shop, so far no luck.
Go wash dishes at a restaurant
