hello good morning, anyone want to talk?
If it's morning where you are you don't live in a real country
i don't live here, im just on vacation
You're on vacation and you're on here instead of, like, being on vacation?
https://files.catbox.moe/aqojea.jpg
https://files.catbox.moe/cju5yg.jpg
https://files.catbox.moe/cwh20p.jpg
https://files.catbox.moe/a4x3nx.jpg
https://files.catbox.moe/twcixa.jpg
Daily reminder that this poster is a slut.
What else do you expect out of attention whores?
yes, i wake up too early because of the time change and i am bored
you were on vacation together with your gf and i still saw you posting about it here non stop lol, you're one to talk.
Good morning, look at this pretty little purple bird
good morning anon, got some new fish for my fish tank and a few new vinyl :3 day is good
I like your bird, here is one in return.
so cute! she matches my hassan of serenity
ooh what type of fish do you have, and how many? glad your day is good, im going to go thrift shopping today for my last day and i really hope to have a good day too ,finding nice stuff for cheap
are you really calling anyone an attention whore? Either you or your gf often post threads 4-5 times a day and you constantly derail unrelated threads trying to make them all about you.
lol right? if i was meeting up to hang out with the apparent love of my life, i would not be posting on r9k the whole time
I think he is jealous you get more attention, which to be fair is undeserved and because you are a woman but you cant really help that. I dont really care if you happen to be a whore, 99.9% of women are so that is not uniquely bad, and further you make that poster seethe so keep posting threads please. I do hate women though I just want to put that out there.
That was just to troll retards lol. It's funny as fuck when there were so many schizos claiming she was underage or that we were the same person or that she's fat because she made 2 posts talking about eating. 
No lol.
I can easily make threads that get triple the replies of the successful threads she makes lmao, which are often only successful because I allow them to be bumped a shit ton. You can easily make posters here seethe without having to promote an attention whore/actual whore. It's funnier to make the simps seethe than people who just hate women lol.
Look how hard she's trying!!
Awwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
You literally beg for attention on here basically constantly almost everyday. I sit and watch it and am baffled at the sheer amount you seem to need.
I can easily make threads with triple the replies
Okay do it then. 
lol.
Morning, make sure to drink water fren
I've only seen your threads recently and most of them are replying to the anyway frogposter
Who is he talking to?
You literally beg for attention on here basically constantly almost everyday
Lmao what are you talking about?
Okay do it then.
Post dc and I'll show you tomorrow.
I mean I help bump the thread by posting in it. I post so much a lot of threads would die much faster if I didn't post in them.
You've only seen like 3 out of 300 threads I've made recently then lmfao.
Hello, I just wrote a test and I probably failed it. Oh well I'll get them next time.
going to ignore his posts cause he just wants to ruin my nice comfy thread with his obsessive hatred of me. anyone want to talk? 
i hate men too so its fine 
yes the attention is undeserved, but its easy enough to get replies as a male here if you just post cute anime girls and are unclear about your gender
Holy fuck I love that guy the reply comparison cracks me up
I hope he comes back though, he said he might not after the pedo stuff
can you comment on the veracity of this analysis of your behaviour? >>73166280 
is it true that you actually believe those are genuine? or is it just to 'make simps seethe'? how do you feel about the fact that zero (0) simps believe the screencaps are legit?
what are you talking about
I figured out what to do with you I guess, you are like an attention zombie. If people just withdraw attention you throw tantrums. It would be cute if you werent so malicious most of the time. 
no you dont understand I HATE women. 
constantly posting humblebragging threads or literally ordering your gf like a dog to post them
I figured out what to do with you I guess, you are like an attention zombie. If people just withdraw attention you throw tantrums. It would be cute if you werent so malicious most of the time. 
no you dont understand I HATE women. 
eh. I am pretty severely autistic so all I get is people telling me to sui, it is what it is.
Last time someone did this to him, he had an absolute meltdown lol. Looking forward to watching him sperg in this thread.
ATTN: QUEEN IRIS HAS DECLARED A (YOU) EMBARGO AGAINST TRANNY-KUN. ALL COMFY IRISBROS ARE DIRECTED TO WITHHOLD (YOU)S FROM THE AFOREMENTIONED
what pedo stuff happened? Ive been taking finals cant catch up on r9k shit.
lmao. Ironic the npd bpd powercouple would be struck such a blow by the pussypass. Makes me laugh. No matter how 
the bf is he cant outwit sheer female privilege.
Oh are you talking about the spelling thread or a different one 
He got so irritated by the random spelling thing he latched onto it heavily made it clear he was deranged
What are you referencing? I want to know too.
the veracity of this analysis of your behaviour?
It's just fanfiction written by someone who's in-love with an eslut.
how do you feel about the fact that zero (0) simps believe the screencaps are legit?
They're braindead cultists. I'm not surprised.
ordering your gf like a dog to post them
Lol what? She asks me to make cute threads too. They're fun and cute.
People took the in-joke about diapies to mean we're both pedophiles, but neither of us are actually unironically into diapers so it just comes across as really desperate and cringe.
Lmao so desperate.
Kekw, iris cannot lose
So if you have a gf why are you so obsessed with other fembots?
holy shit whoever the black and white anime poster is in the referenced thread absolutely shit on them. damn.
stop replying he is just you-baiting. He lives and breathes off of it.
how many yous do you want anon, I have all day.
I don't, I'm about to go roll up a joint and later post my face on r9k smoking it just for a couple scorchin' (YOU)s
I care about normalfags LARPing like they're suffering like incels or like they're lonely. OP does this a lot. Practically any self-proclaimed """fembot""" is doing this.
He played skribblio with us the other day. He has a love and hate relationship.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73130730/#73130783
Tranny-kun and Retard-san got accused of being pedophiles for their diaper fetishist or something like that
Anyway-frogposter is put off by the discussion of such monsters
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73152110/#73153307
I wish I was well connected enough to buy weed. The pains of extreme hermit-ness
Being into diapers doesn't make you a pedo lol, and it was just a meme anyway.
holy shit it all comes together. They also post lots of anime girls youd expect a pedo to post. Damn I didnt know they were that kind of people.
I'm talking about an actual tranny thread - someone was trying to have a conversation about hrt and he kept butting in with weirdly smarmy-yet-empty responses. soon as anon moved on to talking to someone who actually knew what they were talking about, he starts freaking out like a kid accusing everyone of trolling him. 
here is the ratified primer on tk and rs >>73152912  i think the pedo stuff is just to make them seethe because they are basically normies when it comes to bait vulnerability but tbf neither of them really deny being normies, they accept they arent neets or incels and are mostly here to troll chuds or whatever
They also baby talk to each other and Retard-san posts come across as purposely infantile
Morning. Hope your doing ok. How talk are you to have 35 be bad shoulders btw?
I have heard the call and I will obey, my Queen. The Knights of Saint Iris the Martyr shall enforce the embargo without mercy.
Yeah that is why I am saying it makes sense. His choice of anime girl pictures doesnt help the matter. Jesus
she's heckin' 17 you sick fuck
Lole.
Lole.
i hope he comes back too, he quickly became my favorite part of the threads because he made them kind of comfy instead of hostile
i miss you mr frogman, come back pls
I usually don't mind tranny kun. He just reminds me of similar pseud shitposting avatarfags like kryst. Has anybody else noticed he seems a lot less cool and collected recently, though? Like the "tells" that he is rattled start to show up a lot quicker nowadays.
He crumbles easy, he was called out on it from the start
Yeah I have noticed that. He was never exactly a logical giant though, just someone with a big ego.
im drinking strawberry arizona :)
sorry to hear that anon, was it worth a lot of marks? hope you end up doing better than expected 
why do you hate us so much.. well i HATE everyone who hates me so its probably equal 
kek thanks desu
come to canada friend, we have all of thet stuff easily accessible
I'm guessing Iris' shoulders are probably well muscled from gymnastics.
I could write a book on it. Mostly they enforce societal norms heavily and all want the same thing. Also every one I have talked to was superficial/boring, and I talked to a lot in the past.
No. Someone I had a crush on is in Canada I have a bad association with the state.
he buts into threads all the time just to start arguments or make people sad. my threads have been comfier lately now that i just focus on the decent people. i hope people stop falling for his instigating
good morning! im doing better than earlier this week, things are ok. howbare you? and i'm 5'4. i didn't measure my shoulders, but they are much wider than my ribcage which is around 34-35
which poster is that? he sounds nice
lol. I mean country. may as well be a state.
just sit on my face wtf
when i was around 11 i won an award on my team for "most upper body strength", i hate it. and despite being skinny i still have very muscly arms and shoulders. i would kill to be pear shaped
so youve spoken to a couple women who act a certain way and hate us all for it, not surprised. why even enter my thread or speak to me if you feel this way, i dont like you.
just sit on my dick wtf
I have spoken to over 200 women. I think it is just a biological restraint, even ones that genuinely loved me seemed even restricted that way.
I dont really care if you like me that much.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73130730/#73130783
this guy
Nigga what tf u on
well, what societal norms do i enforce? what do i want that every single woman alive wants? you're just plain retarded if you can't see any difference between women, i guess i'll leave it at that.
ohhh haha yes he was based. got me a mcdonalds sandwich 
coomers deserve tastes of their own medicine
im doing better than earlier this week, things are ok.
Good to hear :3
howbare you?
Doing precalculus online. Need it for a job i want. Shit hard lol.
You don't look bad in pics tho people say that about my hon ass.
YOU ARE A TERRIBLE WIFE
MY HEART IS BROKEN
It was just a quick test that's not worth anything but I'm a bit ashamed cause I should have studied but I didn't.
Women always resort to social shaming in their insults:
you are weird, you are a virgin, you are creepy, you have no friends, etc.
Also they heavily select for outgoingness, talkativeness, social dominating things, etc. I can be those things if I force myself, hence my prior moderate success with women, but I hate they will never like me for who I am and only as a clown performing the function of being what they want. Also their lives are easier than mine in regards to finding people and talking to people, I have always been alone and they can find someone within minutes of downloading an app or posting somewhere. That would be fine but almost none of them will admit they have this aspect of life easier. Also also 99.9% of men simp hard for women and it is annoying watching them put on a high pedestal just for something they didnt control.
i hated calculus, good luck desu, what kinda job is it you want? 
you probably look much better than you think desu, did you ever post pics of yourself here? im curious about how you look. and how tall are you?
i will stomp on your heart with no remorse husband!
its ok, we all sometimes don't prepare for things we shouldve, as long as its not worth a whole lot don't worry
Lole.
DO IT PUSSY I CAN TAKE IT
You said I was a real incel remember
i don't social shame in my insults, even if someone is genuinely acting creepy i try not to use those words. also i dont care about outgoingness, etc, since i wouldn't want to date someone who talks to a lot of girls and goes out all the time. so i guess you are wrong. 
that's fair i guess, but its not our fault. not fair to hate us for the actions of other men
I dont believe that but I will give you benefit of the doubt, if so then congrats on breaking out of that shell. Really the boringness is likely because they never have to lead or initiate conversations if they dont want, so that is up in the air on who to blame.
I realize several of these are to blame on men, I dont like that men blanketly simp for women either.
Sure. I'll help you then. An example of what she does that a lot of women also do is play the victim in ridiculous ways and attention whore. I don't hate women, but she's not even close to like a counterexample of shit women lol.
lole. My sweet angel r9k gf has better upper body strength now, dough.
Not me and that reply is nonsensical.
LOLE
Forgot to control+v sorry.
i hated calculus, good luck desu
so far not fun. I fail easy math in hs :\
what kinda job is it you want?
I job in tec is all i can say. Some people would want to know to much :3
On tttt yea. Never my shit body and just my face. They are over a year old at this point now. I could send you on in dms if you want to know so bad for some reason.
kekky iris is so le mean
because they are amab lmao.
I am not trying to witch hunt them, I am just saying why I dislike women. I actually am not mean to women I just choose not to interact with them in general. Which is fine I am a balding manlet on hrt they generally leave me be.
*stomps heart to smitherines.*
you probably just dislike the interests that thd girls you met have. i won't claim to be interesting, all i do is play vidya and sit in my room all day. but i've seen girls into all sorts of things and who can talk about topics for hours
send them to me!
i don't mean it in a creepy way or anything, i just wanna know
what did i do?
then why do you keep on replying to me
Its more like they just seem to have those interests for social benefit. Maybe that is just a normalfag thing, and I only got aggravated with women having it because I was romantically interested in them. Maybe it is just a normalfag thing.
Do you want me to stop? I am not being very hostile to you.
Iris, what time is it over there that you're saying good morning at this time of day!?!?! 
My greetings to you, I hope your day has been pleasant so far?
Liar. Said youd stop avatarfagging.
Fuck, I broke my promise. I'm sorry. I just wanted to talk to Iris as Mio. I'll not do that again from this point on. I'll add a day to what I was planning to do. I'll do 4 days without avatarfagging now.
Dont write checks you cant cash.
they just seem to have those interests for social benefits
imo it's very easy to tell when someone is genuinely into something, vs when they're doing it just for attention/validation. and i've seen girls who do both
i'm just curious, why you keep talking to someone you hate so much
its 11:14 am now! i made the post around 7-8am i think. im on vacation in nigeria. my days been good, how's yours?
this cuteposter is cute
True. 
Fine. No promises then. I'll just try the very best I can.
why are you not avatarfagging? don't get bullied into appeasing someone who's rude
I think every normalfag only does it for social benefit. I am a bit jaded though.
I hate you categorically, not personally, if anything I like you a tiny bit because you make that couple upset and they harassed me frequently.
The whole day's been extremely painful, to say the least, but I'm feeling better now. Painful mentally.
Usually I wouldn't give a shit, but I think that not avatarfagging might have some mental health benefits for me. I don't have to put up nearly as much of an identity as I did with an avatar on. It's a bit freeing, like walking around the house naked or something.
Don't worry, you'll probably see me back someday. It's hard to resist the avatarfagging urge!
If you're going to be a slut, at least have sexy armpits that we can smell.
A lof of people misspell ugly now. tho night night
You should just keep avatarfagging, you're one of the few interesting posters so I like to be able to spot your posts
No, I also think you're very cute! Cute spelled C-U-T-E.
Please give me at least a few days, anon. I won't stop avatarfagging forever!
honestly, lots of normalfag have genuine interests besides climbing the social hierarchy, you'd be surprised. probably when you're mentally healthy and happy you have the energy and time to be interested in more hobbies
what happened?
im sorry to hear that
i see what you mean, i take off the avatar for certain posts, it can be helpful
night night
you look very pretty, dont be down on yourself
what happened?
I know it's a disappointing answer, but I'd rather not talk about it. Maybe when you get back home, I can tell you the story on Discord?
I think I am honest to a fault, so I usually try to be consistent with my identity whenever I'm on here. I don't like not avatarfagging!
