<comment>
There's no link between consensual child-adult sex and psychological harm. Child sexual abuse theory is a pseudoscience which is controverted by all good science. Studies which purport to show a causal link between child-adult sex and psychological harm use clinical samples and don't control for confounding factors, such as family environment and whether or not simple consent was present.
Most psychologists know that child-adult sex does not really cause children psychological harm:
James Cantor PhD:
The research is much more consistent with the conclusion that harm is caused instead by coercion, manipulation, secrecy, and by courting kids who already have problems, not the sexual interactions per se.
Michael Bailey PhD:
Indeed, the best scientific evidence suggests that the most typical experiences considered childhood sexual abuse may not be as harmful as most people think. Specifically, sexual activity that children engage in voluntarily (albeit illegally) with adults is nearly uncorrelated with undesirable outcomes
People are caused psychological harm by violence, not by having an enjoyable sexual experience with an adult partner who they love.
Man/boy love MUST be legalized for the sake of humanity.
<comment>
child sexual abuse (((theory)))
pseudoscience vs "good science"
You are as deluded as any kid rapist would have to be. I hope prison niggers kick your brain into mush to justify their bloodlust. Worthless faggot pedophile.
<comment>
Am I as deluded as these PHd psychologists saying the same thing?
John Money:
If I were to see the case of a boy aged 10 or 12 who's intensely attracted toward a man in his 20s or 30s, if the relationship is totally mutual, and the bonding is genuinely totally mutual, then I would not call it pathological in any way.
Jordan Peterson:
Did you know that about 20 years ago the American Psychological Association published a paper showing that most people who were sexually abused as children recovered with very little psychological damage? This is an unsayable truth.
Richard Green:
Ultimately, scientists, if no one else, must be objective in their approach to this emotional issue. Judgmental terminology regarding intergenerational sexuality is more dramatic than that in the earlier psychiatric literature on homosexuality. There, patients were labeled perverts and psychopaths. Here, the experience is always abuse, the children are invariably victims, the adults are perpetrators, and those who later report childhood sexual experiences are, without apology to victims of the Nazi Holocaust, survivors.
Bruce Rind:
Self-reported reactions to and effects from CSA indicated that negative effects were neither pervasive nor typically intense, and that men reacted much less negatively than women. The college data were completely consistent with data from national samples. Basic beliefs about CSA in the general population were not supported.
Floyd Martinson:
Intimate human relations are important and precious. I'd like to see as few restrictions placed on them as possible. 
You are a hateful bigot on the wrong side of history. Simple as.
<comment>
Hold still, thats it, little to the left. Perfect, Smile.
<comment>
I wouldnt date a child but 16-19 year old Chads are peng and peak
<comment>
Having a PhD doesn't give someone the right to be a pedophile. In fact the field of psychology draws manipulators. For every one of those discredited diddlers with no weight in the field of research there are fifty doctors who will gladly explain how harmful it is. You're going to need to pick a lot more cherries.
<comment>
If it was natural for adults to fuck children, then children would be born with adult size genitalia, but they arent. An adult male inserting his penis into a girls vagina or boys butt usually causes severe pain and often injury. Same with pregnancy which carries a higher mortality rate in children. Likewise, a little boys penis is not made to fit an adult womans vagina. And thats purely on the physical side, not psychological.
<comment>
It's rare these days that I feel any emotion.
Thank you, OP, for reminding me what hate feels like.
<comment>
Having a PhD doesn't give someone the right to be a pedophile. 
Just because someone has a differing opinion to yours, doesn't make them a pedophile. Pedophiles aren't the only people in society who recognize the truth about pedophilia and aren't blinded by hysteria. And somebody being a pedophile does not discredit their opinion.
For every one of those discredited diddlers with no weight in the field of research there are fifty doctors who will gladly explain how harmful it is
Can you quote them, and the research they cite?
Prof. van der Kwast, a Dutch psychiatrist, said it was wrong to reproack a child-lover with confronting a child prematurely with adult sexuality, for it is the adult who comes down to the level of the child rather than vice versa. He believed psychistrists should better be concerned about the infantilism of a man satisfying himself with such incomplete activities. 
Kwast 1968,p.55
Wrote about boy-lovers: "The emphasis is upon giving pleasure to the boy, perhaps to the exclusion of the tutor's own sexual satisfaction." 
Geiser 1979,p.83
Pieterse investigated 11 adult men who had sex with small boys, limited to kissing, fondling and masturbation. Seven of them experienced orgasm while doing this to the child. 
[Pieterse1982I-17]
Even in contacts which have resulted in criminal prosecution, where one would expect a higher incidence, "advanced" techniques are still relatively rare. In statistics from the German Federal Republic, vaginal and anal intercourse occured in only 4 % of all "indecent assaults" on children. 
(Brongersma,p.381)
"handling the child's genitals plays the chief part, frequently because the offender can himself obtain sexual gratification only through inducing sexual excitement in the child and watching this excitement."
Albert Moll 
You could have just thought about it logically for two seconds, but I hope this clears things up conclusively.
