Reminder being an incel is not an excuse to hate women! You still can be a feminist.
You still can be a feminist.
Feminism is the gender kkk
We've all seen this before.
I just wish feminist women would accept and date male feminists. I'm not going to hate women either way - but it is really bleak how even the most feminist women just want trad chads
you must date me because my political ideology is vaguely aligned with your gender
Modern day eunuch
Well it would be nice if they actually applied their own ideology to their personal behavior like they demand other people do
Well I have given up on women a the same and don't hate them but the last part is pure pain seeping out from him. Poor dude.
Women have sex with strangers for less
you must date me because my political ideology is vaguely aligned with your gender
you must
Surely women that proudly identify as feminists would look for male feminists as partners instead of traditional men? For instance if I were a devout Roman Catholic I would look to date devout Roman Catholic women even if she were plain looking. I would marry her over someone from a different faith like a Circassian Muslim woman that was more attractive.
Feminism is an ideology built on a foundation of vagina tingles for handsome men. The primary aim is for women to have as few things inhibiting their instinct to seek out men within the top percentiles of male genetics. No other principles matter but this one.
For instance if I were a devout Roman Catholic I would look to date devout Roman Catholic women even if she were plain looking. I would marry her over someone from a different faith like a Circassian Muslim woman that was more attractive.
Conversion>in-group
Have at least a dozen children with your Circassian Catholic wife
I am kinda in the same place so I understand what he is going for. He got the part about moving on and finding something else in your life right. Becoming a feminist through is absolutely disgusting. He is supporting the thing that makes him "severely lonely and sad". No woman will want him for that and they shouldn't want him for that.
Feminism is an ideology built on a foundation of vagina tingles for handsome men. The primary aim is for women to have as few things inhibiting their instinct to seek out men within the top percentiles of male genetics. No other principles matter but this one.
I'd argue that its /become/ that, but if we look back at the folks who founded feminism and built it up for many decades, a lot of it genuinely was women just seeking the same rights and freedoms men had - along with things like the freedom to just not have to have a relationship at all
The sort of thing you describe seems more like the modern neoliberal 'girlboss feminism', as part of the broader movement to paint 'just doing whatever you personally want, no matter how much greed and exclusion /you/ do in the process' as being progressive when done by 'people of marginalized groups'
It's pretty simple, I respect my woman family members and friends
That doesn't mean I'll ever get pussy outside of paying for it, that doesn't change the blackpilled state of things
maybe im a debbie downer but at the end it just seems like its never enough
nah, I'd prefer not to be a gender traitor thanks
Getting a GF required me to:
Push Incel Thoughts from my mind
Sludge through Depression (this took the longest)
Realizing that women want to be treated respectfully and have good conversations, just like a guy.
Also realizing that women want to be fetishized and talked dirty to when they're in the mood, just like a guy.
At least that was the mindset, of course there's a ton of other shit to do so you have a fighting chance in the dating pool
Also realizing that women want to be fetishized and talked dirty to when they're in the mood, just like a guy.
That's something I'll keep in mind next time I meet a girl, anon. I have trouble talking dirty and getting intimate with girls. Any tips on how to get more sexual when the time is right?
Later losers, I already dyed my hair blue and twitted a HAES picture on my instatiktok. I will have a wife and kids by the end of the day, thanks feminism. Might even get a nose piercing to really commit to the movement.
