I've never seen any community like this where women open up and express themselves freely. Women IRL have their guard up around men 24/7, and I include most online communities as part of 'IRL' here too. Guys here like to say that fembots would never date robots, but they do communicate their intimate feelings with robots, and as a chad I will tell you that intimate communication is pretty much the only thing about relationships that's actually good.
as a chad
Hahaha.
intimate communication is pretty much the only thing about relationships that's actually good
Regular sex with a girl is also nice when you both have perfect intimate connection comfort and knowledge of your bodies.
Also knowing there is someone you can always trust is pretty good!
Hahaha.
I mean like by /r9k/ standards, like I've had girlfriends lol
That doesn't make you a chad
Regular sex with a girl is also nice when you both have perfect intimate connection comfort and knowledge of your bodies.
Also knowing there is someone you can always trust is pretty good!
Both of these things assume the relationship is actually good. Sex with someone you are not intimate with actively sucks and is not a good thing whatsoever, and trust is not a part of every relationship.
Foids communicate their feelings to any man they are not sexually attracted to, its called being an emotional tampon.
No they don't
I crave getting intimacy with women, even platonic emotional intimacy like that. But since Im not a chad, I cant even get that. Women hate the idea of opening up and communicating with men they consider low value, we cant even be emotional tampons because thats just for guys who are at least mid
Also knowing there is someone you can always trust is pretty good
Lmfao
I appreciate fembots and have more respect for them than basic hos, but I can't help but feel a bit resentful that they complain about being single but still reject me. It's very insulting to be told I'm worth less than them, even when they are fat and have severe issues and I am more successful than them in every regard except gender
I appreciate fembots and have more respect for them than basic hos, but I can't help but feel a bit resentful that they complain about being single but still reject me. It's very insulting to be told I'm worth less than them, even when they are fat and have severe issues and I am more successful than them in every regard except gender
Women have physical safety concerns when it comes to dating and 4chan is notorious for having loads of criminal type men, it's probably not as personal as you think it is.
women can be mentally broken schizoid idiots just like you
Women have physical safety concerns because they go for trad chads rather than soft unmasculine nice guys
4chan is notorious for having loads of criminal type men
If you consider internet piracy a crime, then sure
When women have safety concerns with men it's a-ok but when I have safety concerns with black people i get called a "racist". There's no justice in this fucking world
nice guys
Lmfao
4chan is notorious for having loads of criminal type men
I think this is mostly a meme. The men I know irl who are violent are not the type who post here, most of them are pretty social and the only guy I know who's ever actually raped someone is very good looking and has lots of success picking up women, he's just a sociopath. Most of my friends who are terminally online are very passive and would never hurt anyone in real life, despite sayinf mean things on the internet
go to buy drugs from a guy I met on /soc/ 
meet up with him in the parking lot
his face twists in disgust when he sees I'm ugly 
he sells me the weed (overpriced as fuck)
get home and he blasted me on dms calling me a liar and that I catfished him and was fugly
what are you talking about dude I thought I was just buying weed from you
turns out he thought I was going to be some hot chick then got mad dumpy little me showed up
he proceeded to doxx me over /soc/ for WEEKS calling me a fugly bitch 
Men on 4chan are fucking craaaaaazy I hate all of you so much
I appreciate the ones I've had real conversations with on interesting topics. It reminds me that as far gone as I think I am, I'm still capable of some level of human connection. I know that's a bit pathetic, but it's still quite reassuring.
It's very insulting to be told I'm worth less than them
But... You are. It's objectively true
Plenty of genuine nice guys out there - but females like to assume that unattractive nice guys are actually bad just like the trad chads they go for, so they can internally justify getting repeatedly used and abused by chads rather than accepting a more divers range of males
Meet drug dealer
He is an ass
What did you expect? Do you judge the quality of all men on 4chan based on how the drug dealers behave?
