"I'm gonna take this semester seriously"
*proceeds to procrastinate and do everything last minute just like last semester*
Same here, anon. Have you considered making any changes to your environment? It's better if you study in a space free of distractions.
Why r u studying when most jobs will be automated with in next decade you nigger faggots
to be the inventor of the automators
Yeah but there will always be a need for an IT guy to babysit all the automated technology because boomers are too stupid to do it themselves.
What am I supposed to do then, just sit down and take it? How else am I going to eat? I'm still going to try my best to find a job even if most are being automated.
Problem is I need my computer to study and my computer itself is a distraction.
I regret slacking in college soooo much. Guys do not squander your time there. You need to network jesus christ network. Don't end up like me a neet with a degree that means nothing
I've gotten a little better about it, but realistically change has to be incremental.
I know, anon. I have the exact same issue.
One thing that might help is downloading another browser and using it exclusively as your "school" browser. That idea has helped me focus a little better, because I feel like I shouldn't taint my school browser with any personal stuff; it's only meant for educational purposes!
I'll give that idea a try.
How the fuck do I network the best I was able to do was some fuck head who wouldn't stop chasing after girls yet some how claims he was ab autist and suffered from bullshit. The other was some chick who gave me a hug because my grandmother passed away. Neither of these are friends or people I kepted around.
Too late 
Lot of competition 
Leech of the system >>73176880
Doesnt stem help ?
AI WILL REPLACE ALL OF AND RESISTANCE IS FUTILE
tfw in state online school
Imagine unironically using a Pepe in the year of our lord 2023. Oldfags need to fuck off.
I failed all but Digital Logic. Depression sucks.
send your computer to your parents house. Do the assignments in public library. Get rid of smartphone. 
No seriously, do it for the rest of the semester, you won't regret it.
I WILL take this semester seriously and never procrastinate again
I get a cold
falls behind
back to procrastination
Uni is a fucking joke. If you're maintaining a solid GPA and acquiring some resume fillers then you're good to go. Even dumb shit like networking is only required if it's part of your career path. I was fucked off on drugs 24/7 for the first 2 years of the 3 years it took for me to finish my undergrad degree. Was depressed out of my mind for all 3. Graduated top of my class and now I'm doing just fine in life.
end your own life
inb4 mods ban me
