Euro-anons, I'm curious, since prostitution is legal/regulated in a lot of countries over there, do you frequent brothels? Is it a good cope for the lack of intimacy?
I've never been to an escort, and while I'm not lonely due to having friends, I still really crave intimacy all the time. I feel like paying a couple hundred of bucks every now and then to suck on some titties while I get called a good boy and jerked off would make me feel a lot better. Its no girlfriend, but I've accepted those are only for chad in this world.
No no no and no and no
Not only euros have legal whores, you know? They're even somewhat socially acceptable here, but of course I would never have sex with one.
Fuck no. STDs are real shit here. Better go play chicken with the train, than risk it. Same outcome if you fail. No point doing that
Not euro, but prostitution is legal here as well. I wouldn't pay for an escort cause I can only feel pleasure from sex if I can make the other person feel good, which I know won't happen due to my ugly body and personality
idk about anywhere else but the german brothels are filled with trafficked women
I want what is in that drawing so fucking bad in my life.
Which I find super weird because with legal brothels you'd think that the amount of trafficked women would go down.
Here in France it is legal to prostitute oneself but it is illegal to seek the services of a prostitute, it is completely stupid, the whore does not risk anything but the client can be fined 1500 euros
Yeah it is the same here in Norway. Read an article where they caught a guy with a prostitute and the police took the 200 euro he had on him and gave it to the prostitute and sent her on her way out the door while they fined him 1500 euro.
you don't seem to understand... women don't have any agency whatsoever.
It's not about moral but money, the prostitute can declare her income because it is legal and you can put some fines
Prostitutes are legal is Nevada.
You dont even have to travel to europe just drive to another state and fuck hoes there if you want to.
do you frequent brothels?
No.
Is it a good cope for the lack of intimacy?
No.
Prostitution is illegal but tolerated here. It's a village tradition to have the boys rate the new weekly prostitute at the exit. Really not tempted to go to on, almost all of their customers are married boomers from the village.
Hookers are regularly tested for STDs. You are obviously lying to try to demoralize people.
Just go to Belarus and find yourself a cute farm girl who will worship you and love you forever instead of getting a cheap whore.
