I very suddenly and abruptly miss last year with all of my fucking heart. 
I want 2022 back, it was a damn good spring and summer last year and this year has been a fucking disaster.
please? god?
Then make this year just as good, it's all down to you!!
Who misses what happened a year ago? Are you still a teenager?
Don't worry, it's 1156 March, 2020. We'll reach April when the curve is flattened.
Exactly this. I was baffled every time the normals had their "So THIS year fucking sucked" pity parties at the end of 2016-2021 before everyone quietly realized that it's not a funny anomaly and everything's just getting worse forever.
I barely conceptualized things as "Oh this is last year, this is this year" when I was in school. It's completely weird to me to do as a grown adult.
I am oficially schizo, I got attacked by a pack of stray dogs and now constantly think about how easy a 150kg dog could kill my ass, and how likely it is. Fucking dogs why cant we get rid of every animal stronger than a human.
well, 2018/19 felt like my prime, then 2020 and 2021 became completely blanked out of my mind because of how shit things were for me so right now it's all I have to cling to.
I'm 22 and I'm told it's not over until 25, but it feels fucking over and I'm really scared to hit the number 23. I think I need to stop thinking
25 for women, for men it continues on
You should be making your own money by 25, but seriously if you're a guy you don't have most important things figured out until you are like 30. It's not over for you.
Sooo many opportunities to feel good/enjoy life. I am saving up and working my ass off to finally buy an expensive gaming pc and a TV and ome of those things you can put 2TB of shit on it, and then buy a new car. Goon for a few hours to Sasha grey. I feel high all the time, only sometimes when I get burnt out I feel lonely
2022, while a time of self-discovery, was one of the WORST years of my life. No thank you.
this reply is getting printed out, framed, and hung on my wall above my bed. 
Thank you anon I am going to strive for this feeling, for myself, I need it.
The last 3 years after the plandemic has fucking sucked. Everyone is fucking weird. Even more so I've noticed that television shows that I sometimes watch are using 4chan language lol. It's actually pretty fucking cringe if you think about it. You're going to use the terminology from a bunch of fucking retards from 4chan on mainstream media? Lol.
2022 was pretty terrible. Inflation due to the pandemic showing its ugly face. The women are noticeably fatter. Everyone's more hostile in total doomer mode. Complaining about how much their jobs suck and everything is overpriced, so it's OK to be an asshole. Rent and food getting out of control. More people doing hard drugs ending up on the street. All my coworkers are on hard drugs. What crack you smoking?
