Robots often say that they would like to date fembots, but find that they don't respond to their messages. Probably they're not responding because they can't see what you look like, do for a living, etc. If that's the case, they'll probably never respond, because /r9k/ doesn't even let you post pics of yourself. Which leads to the question:
Why not just date a TERF?
Fembots and TERFs share a lot of overlap. You may, by dating TERFs, eventually land someone who is a 'fembot,' if not literally then at least in personality type. Also, many TERFs have traits that are desired by robots, including:
It would seem, then, that if you can find yourself a TERF, you may find a 'fembot' of sorts. So I ask you: why not just date a TERF?
no thanks
TERFs hate all moids
if they existed in meatspace I would but theyre all as terminally online as the trannies
just date a fusion of /pol/ and twitter
this
TERFs hate all moids
not all but most, the only reason they hate trannies is jsut bc they hate amabs
and this
aside from not being fat, main thing i want is someone who is relaxing to be with
also
bc im an ally of the /tttt/ community
although jk rowling isnt even close to as much a terf as others
she literally is just critical about trans shit in recent years, and she started out pretty trans friendly. it was only bc twitter trannies gave her an ultimatum of either agree with literally everything every tranny says or be against us all
she chose to just be against them
feminists want hypermasculine 0% femme men. TERFs and not TERFs alike. but specially TERFs
I've only been with cis girlfriends so far but I like trannies. A lot of them are nice and also cute.
Why do you dislike trannies, OP?
I'm legit a committed radical feminist ideologue. I'd be super happy to date a radical feminist. But I'm just not attractive enough for one. I'm a boring autistic short ugly unmasculine male feminist incel. The sort of guy who would set off so many radfem red flags even though I actually just agree with them. Plus I wouldn't be surprised if even terfs still just wanted dominant masculine chads anyway - at leastthe ones who are into men at all
If any radfems want to lower their standards and settle for me tho, I'm totally down with it
