"I get it Anon. You grew a thick shell to protect yourself after all these years of neglect and loneliness. I get why you did it. You didn't want to feel pain anymore so you stopped letting any emotions through. Don't you see the problem with it though? Can't you see why it hurts me so much? I'm trying so hard to get through to you but you're so far gone that you can't feel anything anymore. It hurts me so much sometimes when I smile at you and your eyes remain cold. It hurts me so much when I try to bring some light back into your eyes and nothing shines back. Please Anon, open up again. Do it for me. I don't want to be alone beside you."
[ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SU6KFnGF9M8 [Embed] ]
I don't have a shell retard, I just hate sunlight.
this is the incel idea of a romantic relationship
yeah that's not a relatable or realistic scenario
tfw will never have a woman be that understanding towards me
Reading these always hurt
Newfag
Women fucking hate it when men open up emotionally tho. Even for the most desirable chads, only a very narrow range of emotions are accepted, largely being 'anger' and 'wall punching'. Show any weakness and even the most outspoken feminist women will shift to whining about how its so unfair that you are turning her into your emotional labor slave or whatever the fuck.
supertramp hide in your shell
I need a girl to break down all of these walls I've erected around my heart and take hold of the darkness that resides within and dispel it by blowing it away, like the seeds of a dandelion being swept away by the wind.
How do I open up enough to someone for that to happen? I've always felt like there was something that I needed to hide.
Shut up, we're playing Marvel vs. Capcom. Grab your controller and pick Vergil if you want a chance
My mom gave me this talk EIGHT HUNDRED MILLION TIMES when I was a kid/teen instead of just fucking taking me to the psychiatrist to find out that I'm autistic.
erected
I hope you enjoyed chuckling at my precarious word choice then, anon. I personally found it quite innocuous and fitting.
open up
it was a trap
"Haaah, did you really think that I meant the shit I said? I almost gagged from the lovey dovey crap I just spouted. I just wanted to break another moid's heart."
mfw
If only they were that obvious. Instead they seem way more likely to maintain the facade that they think men should be able to open up, just arguing that the specific particular way YOU did it is actually super bad and toxic and you should feel bad. With a lot of pseudo mental health language thrown in there to make it sound more legit
I had this and I took her for granted
Fucking hell
Same, it fucking hurts to think about. I hope I meet someone else like her.
You will never meet anyone. This is responsibility you will have to carry for your actions
Honestly I think you have to be a criminal to get this sort of response from a woman you are dating
Why yes, I am indeed a criminal babe, check out my torrents.
FUCK YOU I'm going to cry now
what men want
what women want
rape me harder daddy
whoa incredible!!! you figured out what anyone with eight braincells can tell within a minute of meeting me!
maybe consider i don't want to let you in cunt
take the hint
you would never ever understand
And they say women are the romantic gender
I would be happy to provide some fleeting pleasure to some woman who wants to take joy in my suffering instead of a miserable cunt who takes joy in nothing
I had it too
she went to university and her behaviour changed
then she dumped me
it's over...
That is why you dont. You can open up to close male friends of family, but never do so around a woman you are interested in or are romantically involved in. When a woman does this, and says she wants you to open up, its a shittest.
That.. That's not how it works, incelbro
it would be far more effective if you posted a Chad and not her.
men should make each other strong, and never be misogynist.
Both of these viewtypes are wrong. Women do not mind you being emotional for the right reasons nor will they sit around and play intern therapist for a guy who can't control his autism.
Women want to see emotions, they just need you to be able to close your emotions on command. Autists have trouble controlling their emotions under distress, and paradoxically remain emotionless during day-to-day events. 
Nobody like it when we bottle up our emotions only to explode like a human molotov of tears and rage. You don't need to be a woman to quickly tired of that cycle happening over and over. The simple answer is the hard one, just talk about it more often and don't hide your feelings because you're worried about a minor disagreement, especially when that eventually leads to a major stress point of a relationship
... its far easier to be chill after getting some.
that sounds just like me
It's over isn't it, anon? No one will ever love me will they?
it sounds like me too, lol. basically you cant sex the Woman you love but you can sex all the other Women.
True, I won't lie, but if the goal is to be chill with not worrying about your virginity or you're forever alone status, then practice being chill now so you can be chill later when you need to be.
Control your emotions through practice, mediation on why you get stressed, and finally avoidance of (truly) unnecessary stress.
The thing is,
nor will they sit around and play intern therapist for a guy who can't control his autism.
That's what they think about basically any guy who expresses any emotion (and especially emotions of weakness and other unmasculine things) at all
There's a point to the "emotional labor" argument in cases where guys don't reciprocate and really do also expect the woman to be a free therapist. But plenty of guys /don't/ expect that, and will still be harshly judged (and assumed to be that sort of guy anyway a lot of the time) just because we show emotion at all beyond the absolute tamest and most acceptable sorts of displays
Of course it isnt good to bottle up one's emotions only to explode. But women are so judgemental of men, and create the sort of lack of acceptance of male diversity that leads so many men to figure that they literally have no other option - because they'll among other things just automatically be assumed to be the guy wanting the woman to be his unreciprocated therapist mommy or whatever 
Women get to express themselves in all sorts of ways, even imperfect ways, while with men, the range of what is accepted is SO narrow
control emotions
sounds like a disaster waiting to happen
women like this are not real. If you ever show any weakness to a woman she will leave you. Not that any women are willing to hear me talk about my feelings even if I wanted too though.
of course Women will talk about men's feelings.
... as your friend.
women don't think that much, they live in a 24/7 laughter festival when they're not getting beaten and raped, they aren't like us so it's worthless to hope they'll get us
I will never have any woman talk to me like and it feels great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gJJciwSgyM&amp;list=PLPOp7P0SeIl7RHgBcBjCv2cEYy4eR0XOO&amp;index=6 [Embed]
It's true though. If you lost them then you did something to cause it
Talk about it
Next day, everyone doesnt even wanna talk to you anymore
Hurr durr why does no one want to be include me or talk to me that much anymore?
You know, more people would be open about this shit if yall werent so desperate to share every bit of info on someone you simply dislike out of pettiness.
But plenty of guys /don't/ expect that, and will still be harshly judged
Yes, there is prejudice against men and sterotypes we fit into and defy all the time. But this is true of all things. Look at your post, I'm not judging, but don't you see how you believe women mostly view men only one way? Aren't you just of guilty of believing men can only do X and women can only do Y. Sterotypes have a kernel of truth, men might not expect things, but they also enter relationships without first resolving their traumas. We are expected to be a bastion of emotional strength. This is how things are, but there's also a benefit to the hard work we do.
Women DO get support from everywhere but it causes them to suffer withdrawal without that dopamine. Men are tempered to withstand emotional damage, but that does not mean we should never try to relax and heal with our loved ones.
Full control of emotions is impossible, we're still human. We cannot fully control our mind, body, or feelings but we have to exercise each and let them heal to grow stronger.
Society exists. Gender roles and expectations exist. Women are correct to point out the ways men are negatively influenced by that sort of thing, all I'm doing is pointing out that women are too. Applying feminist sociological analysis to women as a class too. Its not a matter of stereotypes but trends. Just like men have already genuinely accepted some feminist critiques and changed to a degree (and should keep doing so), there's also various ways women in general should also change in order to reject the influence of gender roles on their own preferences and shit.
everyone doesnt even wanna talk to you anymore
Who are you talking to? I would recommend against talking to friends, even best ones. Not even close family will truly understand you and your struggles. 
When people talk about their problems, unless we can relate, we offer words of solace, and avoid thinking about it further.
Unfortunately you simply will not be fully understood by someone unless you're truly intimate with them, meaning more than sex or a relationship, you gotta be truly open and honest to them from the beginning. Not just open and close when it's convenient.
