Are you stupid enough to get married/have kids?
I won't marry, even if I ever have a partner. I don't believe intimate bonds like that should be preceded over by the state.
I'll also probably never have kids, because I'm mentally ill and I don't want to force my suffering onto anyone else. Could adopt though, if I thought I'd be a good parent, which I wouldn't
Thankfully I'm not. I enjoy freedom and women in 2023 aren't worth the trouble.
I want a wife and lots of kids. I just need to find a good woman. If I'm wrong I can always an hero ig. Cards are stacked against me but I'm still trying to play the game. You only have to win the lottery once, same idea with dating.
Only good anon here. The world needs less fuck ups like you
You are on this board and you are talking about a wife and kids? HAHAHAHAHAHA you will be making more incels. Know your place, Faggot.
guy got fucked over to the maximum by his wife and her jew lawyers. divorce lawyers in general are one of the biggest rackets in the US.
Lawyers charge 61.5% now?
Even if a long-term stable relationship were somehow on the table, absolutely no kids and probably not marriage. Would consider it to make my partner happy, but firm line on making a big deal or spending a ton of money on a wedding. 
Point is moot though. Am I stupid enough to fight a dragon bare-handed? Doesn't matter, I'm not getting the chance.
I agree, white men should never marry or have families either. Dont have kids whitebros. Huge mistake.
You are a jew. Seethe more
These articles and mass media in general want you to be too stupid to marry. Ive been married for 7 years and my parents and her parents have been married for a combined 60 years. Our friends and families are almost all in married couples. Its fucking hilarious when we hear stories of 25 year old guys who are still somehow single with no kids, and they are starting to think its even normal to be retarded. Until its not, and that dread of being alone washes over them. I love mass media and single moms.
Cope
That makes no sense, you can't even have a voice in mainstream media if you are adamantly against marriage. Stories like these are just goyslop news for clicks, it hardly matters because men will still sign up to put their balls in the marital vice.
Literally the entire mass media manosphere and the alt right is based on avoiding marriage and just going straight into the rat race to make money, hustle, grindset, and die alone. None of you dumb fucking retards will ever trust a woman or build a meaningful relationship, and in your transactional bullshit life the best you can hope for is to blame everything on things you cant control
But that is a fringe group, its not mainstream. You only hear about it because of people being able to build their own platforms, you will never see some journalist on cnn or a prominent pop culture figure advocating for men not to get married, its almost as taboo as being openly against gays or an anti vaxxer.
The issue isn't the fact you marry, or that you have kids. The issue is the person you marry. Just don't marry a whore and you should be fine.
In conclusion, what you wrote is a psyop and you are likely either a fed or a kike.
Some of the most popular channels and podcasts in the world are grindset retards that tell you to distrust all women and just focus on money, as if everyone is just going to be Jeff bezos one day. If crypto is mainstream then these unmarried or 5x times divorced morons are 100% mainstream, bud. Its not even a question for the OP, he has been so consumed by that type of media that he knows for a fact that marriage is wrong and its all womens fault. Tons of women are falling for the same old trick and ending up alone too.
You are the one who is retarded, nigger. Never ever trust a whore with anything.
Not like marriage is an option anyway. But if it was, it is still a scam. Imagine losing your livelihood to some foid who does nothing
My nigga Tyrese can't help himself, he really like 'dem girls.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uO-A74VAvpc [Embed]
Based retard thank you for agreeing with me. Its OVER
Losing my what, fucking retard? My livelihood puts family first. I was raised by loving humans, not tranime.
The manosphere is booming at the moment, but when they get out of line they are quick to be deplatformed or attacked by the actual forces running the more powerful forms of media. Who are the ones being demonetized or harassed by youtube censorship constantly? Its not the guys advocating for marriage and men to be trust women or to date single mothers, its the red pill guys who are saying the opposite.
Why do you think the state gives people incentives for getting married and having kids in the first place? Its exactly what it wants you to do. You're not rebelling against the powers that be by getting married, you're doing exactly as you're told, you're only going against the minority of men who don't want women or the state to have power over them.
It's a pretty sweet exchange as long as she never leaves me, cooks dinner, and gives me three or more children. Sure it costs a little money but it's not like money has any use outside of buying stuff. Marriage is only bad when the woman fails to hold up her end of the deal.
While some parts of the government are corrupted by private money, the incentives for marriage and children are relics of the old cultural norms, dummy. 
Every tech company, and every media company, with absolutely zero exceptions, wants you to spend as much time as possible on their platforms. Left, right and center do NOT want you to get married or have a comfortable life outside of what they offer, just as a base philosophy and business model. There are some content creators and media personalities who are not brain dead and still know the value of love and family, and a lot of family friendly content resonates well with boomers who cant adapt to the new woke shit or manosphere shit, but if you dont have real exposure to healthy people then ITS OVER. They will eventually fucking destroy your ability to trust humans and vibew
Yes. The Lord hasn't let me run into a bad situation with the wrong person yet though, thank God.
That doesn't work out long term if you're not making babies though, those same users creating the next generation of consumers is just as important. Obviously the manosphere is thriving, but its creation is nearly completely organic outside of a few grifters.
I mean its cool that you have a happy marriage, but the fact is you have a bomb around your neck and your wife has the detonator and the state is lying in wait to sweep up the corpse. You don't have absolute control over you own kingdom and that's exactly why I believe that advocating against marriage is still taboo.
long term
The only tech company that has ever had a long term horizon was Amazon and thats not even true anymore.
Buckeroo, if I was single in my 20s that would have been far worse than any fucking bomb going off in my corpse you brainwashed lunatic. I hope for your sake that you eat enough garbage and fuck up your sleep bad enough that relationships just arent even on your mind anymore.
Its not just bad things happening, you are completely lined up to get fucked. Lets just call it what it is, marriage in the west is essentially men giving women the power to completely fuck them over, and the state is gonna tag in and finish the job. Those jokes about marriage being a ball and chain for men aren't just to be cheeky, its rooted in reality. The best case scenario is being with a woman who doesn't abuse this power, but the fact is she and the state still have the advantage over you.
Youre just twisting what radical feminists say and changing the gender. You are clinically retarded and there is nothing I could say or show you that will ever change your mind. If you dont like marriage or kids, thats fine.
No, I enjoy independence
Why don't people understand prenups are worthless and don't do shit?
Prenups do a lot. Read a book sometime
That's because women are untrustworthy, piece of shit cunts.
This but for men.
The problem is that this happens all the damn time because women know that divorce laws favour them in the west. Men are playing Russian roulette when they get married. Also, most divorces are initiated by women. Marriage is inherently fucked for men today.
They do absolutely jackshit, you retarded waste of sperm. Fucking judges wipe their asses with them all the time.
Im planning on starting a family in my home country where marriage and family actually means something. Marriage is financial suicide in the west
After watching my dad go to prison over child support, and watching my mom beat all of her husbands and then give wall of text sob story to the family about being abused after they hit back, I realized I was born gay
No.
Even in my teens it legally made no sense to me why any man would willingly get married. Figured it had to be religious reasons, but couldn't figure out why they felt the need to get the government involved even then.
Nope. Grew up watching three failed marriages take place and I don't want to spend money on anyone but myself
This is the most schizo, flip-flop arguing I've ever seen about this subject.
The government/feds are on your side except they're not?
The massive corpos that benefit from children are shaking their fist in impotent rage at you?
The mass-media is actually the niche-media and content creators?
You're rebelling against all of these entities by doing exactly what they want you to do?
I HOPE this is a larp because no kid deserves to be raised under a nutjob
Breeder logic
