It is so fucking over for me huh?
Pic is u
Look at yourself in the mirror anon. Dont lie to us anon for your giggles. that bitch is disgusting and you know it
Came here to say this, OP is black.
I know she is disgusting but my cock is rock hard for her
Her belly is the sexiest part to me
Imagine she is your bed
well rip
How? That looks disgusting. I'm attracted to fat women, specifically bellies, but like this.
there seems to be a huge divide among fatfags between the ones that just have a body-shape preference for women they want to have sex with and the ones that are as much or more turned on by the girl being gluttonous and lacking self-control.
bad life parenting etc
No? On the contrary. You've hit the absolute jackpot. 
Because almost no one else are attracted to such obesity, you have them all to yourself. Such women are likely so starved and desperate for affection that it puts even incel men to shame. You could have a whole harem of women dedicated to you, all of whom you find extremely attractive. God I would have loved to be in your position.
It's not just fat admirers, it's about level of abstraction and activity fetishization versus pure bodily attraction. What I mean specifically is that I am physically attracted to women because of how their body looks, feels, smells, etc. It's not because of anything they're /doing/, and when I look at porn what I'm looking for is certain types of female forms, including fatties, and not any specific type of content. But apparently other men experience sexuality differently, like for them it's more about an idea of something, or entertaining a fantasy that makes them aroused more than just the sensory sensations of a female body. But this is very noticeable in the BBW category, since I'm just looking for videos of plump women in skimpy clothing, naked and fucking. I do not get turned on at all by fat women eating, burping/fating, pooping/peeing, sitting on my face or someone else's face, being unable to get up because their so fat, or crushing things or people with their weight. Like I have zero fetishes about it, just a physical attraction to certain types of female forms, including and especially women who are about this fat >>73171966
this gut unironicaIIy
What the FUCK is wrong with u anon, where did it all go wrong anon?
