Why is it a bad thing in the west to be a virgin or live with your parents well into your 20s?
I'm from east Africa and this is totally normal around here. My dad lived with his mother till he was 29 and was a virgin till then. Why is it different in the west? Religion? Most people here live with 2-3 generations of their families under one house. Must be different out there I guess
Societal exception to be sexually successful as early as possible
What's up my nigga what is it going in East Africa?
60s culture and hibbie free love devolving into everyone adopting the American Highschool culture of fucking girl's your age at 15-18 years old. It goes hand and hand with the west's hedonism culture of drugs and alcohol.
But how did that come to be? Was there some sort of cultural revolution idk about? I'm pretty sure thing were different in the 60s and 70s
It's not good..... You heard of the war in Sudan? It's getting pretty bad 
Was it ever contested and has there been any efforts to change that mentality? Also, how did it reach Europe? People in France and Germany seem to do the same.
It's bad because it's probably a sign of a bunch of other things gone wrong in one's life here -- mental illness, etc
The last time i was truly happy was when I was in east Africa. It wasnt so bad and I rented out a small room on a side of a valley. It was fun
It was already there in some form or another. American media just made it common knowledge
Damn only in the west is it bad to NOT have sex before you're a legal adult that's crazy 
Based. Which country?
It really shattered the idea of Western Europe I had as a kid. I imagined it being like Poland or Serbia where people are insanely religious and wargoing. I guess not....
Kenya. Went to Uganda for a bit then chilled around the bordee
I mean when an attractive young woman tells me she is a virgin she like automatically goes up in my perception of her 2 or 3 points on the 1-10 scale.
Because in our society it's damn near impossible to get a loyal woman that's willing to commit unless you're considered successful.
If you're wondering how that came to be its because of feminism/social media/jews
