Sometimes I think about when I was a teen and was just depressed and upset for some reason, hurting myself (with my first). So my mom took me to the hospital to get help, I guess. And this lady, a therapist or some worker idk, was soo vile and treated me like shit. Totally basically shamed and blamed me for being depressed . And I remember she literally was threatening to send me to JAIL for some reason. No idea how since I committed no crime, wasn't hurting anybody but myself, wasn't freaking out there or anything, wasn't saying much at all. 
And then as I was literally just sitting there, willingly, she left and yelled out to some people in the hall to call security if I tried to get up and run. Just a kid sitting there crying, treated as if I was a fucking getaway criminal who was being held there for treatment or something, it was bizzare. There really are some wicked people in the world, to choose that as your job and be cruel towards depressed teens there. 
And then I was forced to go to this mental health hospital thing for a few weeks, which served no use since all they did was put me in a room, just with books and minimal things to do.
Best way to get back at the whore is to be generally happy and also at the same time probably poison her dog
Good idea I will try to remember her name and find out where she lives like 8 years later
Had a similar experience, I swear some of these specialist therapists just take the job for the power trip. 
Guess I'll blog post:
Back in highschool I was living in a DV shelter with my mom and sister, and as part of the program I was required to see a counselor, problem is nobody wanted to take on a 17-year-old. So the social workers there do some hunting and find this specialist across from my highschool. Seems good enough, haven't had a bad experience up till that point. I agree to try it out and this guy seems super nice at first. Awkward as fuck so I stay quiet and sit down in the chair with my arms on the arm rests. Immediately the guy goes off on me about being a member of the CIA and threatens to have my mom put in prison if I don't talk. 
Guy literally got up and started pacing because I wasn't cracking as easy as he wanted. To this day I have no idea if anything he said is true.
Anyway as soon as the appointment was over and we were outside, I told my mom I didn't like the counselor and didn't want to talk about the experience and it's been left at that since. Tried some family counseling after that and... I'm just gonna leave it at my mom has some deep issues that the family counselor suggested one-on-one with her for prior to going with family counseling.
