How do I find a femcel with smelly feet?
I'm a footfag but what is up with these retarded footfag porn captions? Some are fine but then there is this shit.
By telling me if I win a prize for spotting the Turtelli
/soc/ would be your best bet
Why /soc/? There are foot threads but those are all girls with like oodles of foot fags and they wash their feet regularly.
There always that special femcel with Chernobyl-esque feet waiting for her chud in shining armour on there
I'll start a thread there I suppose. I am starting to question if there are girls that really have eye watering feet out there.
Well they 404'd it lol
Probably /soc/ but sometimes this board is good for meeting girls down for wacky stuff
I'm fat and even I have had luck with some femanons here
I tried making a thread but since there's the normal, boring foot thread they killed it. 
Huge bummer, all I really want is a femcel with terrible foot odor that demands foot rubs
They definitely exist. My femanon friend sends me feet pics occasionally. Maybe you can even meet one who lives closer by so you can get up close to them IRL. That's the dream anyway. I would try to do this but she lives in a different country sadly.
I'm not a foot person but can a fem add me
pug#7309
Yeah I'll just have to keep looking around on /r9k/ I'm not an incel so I feel weird being here just to find femcels with smelly feet but it is what it is.
What interests you in specifically getting a femcel to do foot stuff with?
They're probably more likely to have poor hygiene and therefore have smelly feet. 
Plus I want a gf that sits around and plays video games and makes me rub her feet while she plays. It's a specific but lovely dream.
I would like to see you become a simp for a stinky femanon ngl
Aww thanks anon, I appreciate the support.
If you know any I can give you my discord to pass along lol
There, i made it better
Nice. It was part of a series where the pov character was taking pics of all the MHA girls feet. Hence the project line
I'll give this one more bump for the night
i'm going for the exact same thing too... hasn't worked out well at all but at least i know op won't give up just yet either.
I wanna see this happen to a normie to take them down a peg or two.
How is me getting exactly what I want taking me down a peg?
I think it would be humiliating for you if for instance my femanon fren rubbed her smelly feet in your face and make you worship her.
considering how 0 femanons into that it's way more humiliating for her
If they're smelly I'd be into it though anon. If she's down then I am.
That being said I don't see how a normie dating or worshipping a femcel with smelly feet is a bad or humiliating thing.
yeah, /soc/ sucks for this, whenever I check it's the same thing. 1 namefag woman hogging all the feet attention from desperate boomers I guess. I'd think r9k would be better but damn threads like this are always on life support and I don't know why
I mean femcels probably either think we are weird or lying or both
I really need to understand what is the thing with this fetish, i do like feet too, but smelly feet ? Wtf ? Women feet are beautiful most of the time if the genetic is kind, but why there is so much people obsess with " smelly feet ". 
We need answer.
it's just a way to be more sensual i guess. why would you make a thread called "how do i find a femcel with feet"
I speak only for myself but olfactophilia and foot fetish go hand in hand. The thought of other body odors like armpits and musky pussy make me diamonds every time, just like feet with no smell or sweat feel kinda meh
I will personally wash the feet of every woman that is about to sleep with you just to be evil
A woman doesnt need to have poor hygiene she just needs to wear out a pair of shoes until they smell. Then every time she wears them without socks they'll stink up the place super fast. Just date a normalfag and tell her to wear the same pair of shoes over and over
you know what now that i think of it, i think it's that feet being sweaty is like the foot person's equivalent of a girl wetting themselves in heat. both directly involve the body part you're focusing on and want to touch.
like is it not the same to sniff a girls' feet after she works hard in them as to sniff their panties? and sniffing panties isn't considered as disgusting
*girls' socks
Sure but I'd prefer they be like pretty bad
bumping one final time for real though
