Never forget, anons. There's three types of guys, and two types of girls
Chad, Chadlite and manlet? Mono women and poly women?
which one are "femcels"
Maybe the 3th guy is gay.
more like the 2nd guy, which is why they let him touch them. First guy is dating the girl he's holding and last guy browses /r9k/
Nah if he were one of the girls would be sitting closer to him.
yeah, or some variation of asexual
not everyone's world revolves around getting laid as much as possible
the pic doesnt portray getting laid. it portrays acceptance and affection.
sadly the femcels are at home
The first guy has the prettiest one and is also clearly the luckiest.
No, the two types are poly women and women who are finally ready to settle down and find a nice stepdad for her kids.
You're parents started asking you that too?
The femcel is one of the girls around Chad
I hope you're esl or drunk because if not then you're retarded
Should be alphas, betas, and trannies.
Even if the picture doesn't show people fucking you can gather some very likely to be true information about the trends those people's romantic lives tend to exhibit. 
The guy with 1 girl probably dates women, the guy with 3 girls probably fucks women, and the guy with 0 girls probably goes to 4chan
The lonely guy knows that at least his beer will never sue him for divorce.
A glass bottle is more trustworthy.
me on the right orifdjk
Me on the right because I don't meet the looks threshold for having a relationship!
Please stop. Just fucking stop
Brutal
Third guy is probably going bald two hence the cap
i know. i was responding to somebody that said that no everyone's world revolves aroung getting laid. what i was infering is precisely that it's not only about that. there's a reason why incels feel rejected from society and emotionally starved. sex is like the tip of the iceberg but not being able to get sex means you are deprived of other types of connection too
Pink shirt 100%. Chad put his arms around the other to chicks but she stuffed herself right up on him
boyfriend
Chad
beta
KEK. me on the right
Pic blurred as shit, nevertheless women here are ugly as sin, they look like upper class latinas
his partner is the one taking the picture
that's me in the corner
trying to keep up with you 
and i dont know if i can do it
There's actually 17 types of male by the latest counts:
3rd guy's face sez it all lmao.
Someone crown em.
