Guys the prostitute I just fucked in Columbia just told me she's 14 what do I do
Hand yourself over to the cops, you need to make things right
Have sex with a 41 year old to restore balance in the universe
You're gonna get raped 14 times a day in a Columbian prison
Who do I turn myself into, do I call 911 when I get back home and just tell them what happened?
Forget US extradition back to Columbia, America punishes you for fucking a minor for money in another country
the squad aboutta pull up
just forget it man, now you have a good memory, hopefully you did anal.
Maybe one day she'll grow up and be your gf
Not post about it on the internet like a fucking retard.
I did do anal how'd you know lol
I'm kind of just assuming I'm fucked no matter what I can't believe this is actually happening
i didn't. but awesome man. just fuckin cut the cord. just mentally prepare yourself that one day this girl will be a woman and she may want to be in your life, leave it at that
I guess it's gonna be a secret you'll take to your grave. Why even mention it?
Why would you be fucked, unless you go telling everyone what you did? I mean, I think you should definitely kill yourself for what you did but realistically, nothing bad's going to happen to you. It's not like the underage prostitute is gonna go to the police. Just take it to your grave.
What part of not saying shit do you not understand? Now you have an ip linked to this. Have fun in prison
why should he kill himself? unless she was being sex trafficked, remember by judging op you're also judging the child
What happens in columbia stays in columbia my nigger. Jewish elites got away with much worse trust me
here's my guide for ethically seeing prostitutes
I'm sure those prostitutes spent all of that abortion money on "abortions"
well only one asked for it.
The thing is I'm a very successful ghost writer so if i met a sex trafficked girl I could get her out of the situation without cops. So I came to the escorts WITH VALUE + paying them
Fuck this man I'm buying a gun when I get back home, I won't let them take me alive
publicly admitting it online is always a smart thin to do.
after 3 i tried to get a vasectomy but i was 20 and they wouldn't give me the vasectomy for 6 months and then i was in jail and i was homeless and i was in college so i ended up fucking like 22 escorts over the years before i got my vasectomy. I guaranteed don't have a kid
You're gonna get turned into a 14 year old girl in prison OP
it was one of those bizarre situations outside of the law>>73176600
calm down
where it was win/win for me &amp; the escorts but the government made a business deal between two people illegal
obviously i couldn't fuck an irl girl cuz she might be trying to get pregnant, an escort, unless she's a minor, wouldn't.
And if I can get her out of trafficking, or i can be a good customer that makes sure she doesn't get pregnant why would i do that for a regular girl?
I didn't want a relationship, i wanted sex.
So it's just a free memory of pretty good sex
Colombia. The Criminal Code of Colombia (Act 599 of 2000), as modified by Art. 4 of law 1236 of 2008, sets the age of consent at 14, regardless of gender or sexual orientation.
Now OP must go brag about it in hollywood, and he will likely be hired on as a writer for Rick and Morty
dude go back there and fuck her as many times as you can. fuck the us government
No dude idk if it's legal in Columbia the 1984 surveillance state US government is going to find out and I'm gonna be fucked
American laws apply for American citizens anywhere on earth. So do taxes.
Land of the free yeeee ha!
*idc if it's legal in Columbia
Yup and that's so fucked up Founding Fathers would be horrified about US laws applying esp taxes
How did you not realize she was fourteen you fuckin idiot. I don't think that country cares too much about it. Hopefully you have a passport ready.
This is why i ask for ID before anything young looking knocks on my door
No, they don't.
i raped a baby in Colombia
Founding Fathers would nuke the fuck out of America if they got revived today lol
That's fucking right
Oh there is no doubt they would lol
Patrick Henry who signed the declaration of independence thought the state should not even be created
It is a highly punishable offense as an American to pay for sex with someone under 18 overseas
18 years, 18 years after 18 years he found out it wasn't his
here, op u fucked her in the ass. i don't know what colombians look like but she's probably black. imagine her taking a fat shit the color of her skin
Fuck man this is actually insane
I should've probably used my German passport not my American one I'm so fucked now
should i fuck this chick? She does anal. 100$ qv but i can afford an overnight
I would say do the overnight, make sure she's over 18 though so you don't end up being anally raped like me D:
Some quick google-fu shows that prostitution is legal in Columbia and that the age of consent for unrestricted hetero intercourse is 14 for females. 
Morally, you're going to have to live with this for the rest of your life. Legally, I think you're in the clear as long as you don't have any evidence like texts or photos. The Fed's cannot persecute you if you didn't do anything retarded like post about it on a public imageboard without a proxy or VPN. Man that would be stupid. Can you imagine doing that?
Nobody gives a flying fuck. Customs might check your devices for photographs.
That's all it is. 
There's no proof you stuck your willy in anything unless you got her pregnant. 
Even then, you know how many single mothers can't get child support in this world?
Everything's fucked and corrupt.
Basically you lived as a local.
Who the fuck cares.
Obviously you kill her and then yourself before anyone can find out
Not give a fuck and don't tell anyone...oh wait.
Literally nothing. You got the kind of tight prime pussy only billionaires on islands get for a fraction of the cost. Pat yourself on the back, be glad you didn't get arrested, and move on.
Yes. Are you seeing the body In seeing?
I'm going to be arrested though, such an agonizing lifelong secret that could come back to bite me who knows how many years from now
