How do you give yourself cancer
I can give it to you if you want. Everything I love dies
Please love me and dont leave me
drink alcohol
sit out in the sun all day
smoke
eat fried/processed foods
own a cat
Wait a while. Try smoking and increase it to a few packs a day
I smoke and drink and eat shit all day, when is it my turn??
Soon. Very soon.
Its been 19 years when is it coming..
balls pressed up against the microwave
Zoomer livers and lungs take an exceptional amount of abuse to damage. Increase your nicotine, alcohol, and process food intake exponentially.
I dont have the necessities for that
I can barely take a deep breath with the way im smoking, what else can i do. Also i only eat quick made noodles
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time
Kek i actually clicked it expecting answers. So i assume theres no way to speed the process up? what about other deathly diseases
Any minute now. Seriously.
Im waiting, anon
move to China
go live in most polluted city, next to chemical factory
keep windows open
masks are for pussies
eat most shady trash food, more chemicals and toxins in it, better it is
smoke and drink everyday alcohol like madman
wait a bit
pick either lung, colon, skin, liver cancer
Could always try snorting warm stagnant lake/spring water for that one brain eating amoeba or whatever it is. Anthrax is extremely deadly depending on where it gets into you. Rabies and prion diseases (CKD) are good too.
I had worms inside me so im kind of traumatised and dont want bugs inside me again
I can only stay in china for a few days if i tried. Ugh....
Does not need to be China. Plenty of crazy towns in US, EU etc. Just find one with chemical factory, what leaks waste water into river.
cigarettes is prob the best method
enjoyable
relaxing
stress relief while shit sucks
cancer comes in later when life is old and shitty.
get a bunch of smoke detectors
or anything at an antique store that sets off a geiger
extract the radioactive bits
grind up into a very fine powder
eat some, breathe it in, rub it in wounds
I got food poisoning while I was overworked, sleep deprived, and stressed to the point hair turned white. Couldn't afford decent food, or much at all. It turned into a viral infection that turned into lymphoma. You could try torturing yourself like that, but I dunno why you'd want to. Having cancer hurts a fucking lot, just make an exit bag.
did someone say cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgMUlVl-poE [Embed]
The simple answer is exposure to carcinogenic compounds.
Though if you are in a rush and don't care what kind then radiation will do the trick. 
Radon, for example, causes more cases of lung cancer than cigarette smoking and more deaths as well. Just setting up your computer in the basement in a home where radon has been detected and doing what you are doing could be enough in as little as a few years.
Faster that both asbestos and cigarettes yet you would feel nothing.
There are carcinogenic compounds that work even faster but they tend to ether be toxic enough to likely kill you before cancer has a chance to develop or are quite tricky to get a hold of and handle.
Regardless of method cancer takes time to develop. Usually around a decade at the minimum for a healthy person that doesn't have generic or developmental abnormalities that cause cancer themselves.
That will likely kill you from radiation poisoning before you get cancer.
A bit like arsenic is technically carcinogenic, but unless it's in micro doses over time, usual as part of a molecule that makes it harder for the body to absorb, it will kill you way before it ever causes cancer.
Go on /b/ for a day, heh, but no really exposure to carcinogens is the way to go. But cancer is no fun, should I really need to tell you that Anon?
How do you give yourself cancer
Just hang out here
Beat you to the low hanging fruit my friend. Like the picture though.
Aspartame unironically
Browse and post on nu-4chan for a year.
