what fruits do you like?
You'd be better off asking which fruit I don't like, and even then I'm not super sure. There has to be a fruit I don't like, I just can't recall them. I think blueberries and blackberries are pretty overrated.
Blueberries and raspberries. Bring that shit in my house, it'll be gone within an hour
it's got to be kiwi for me
Anyone else find it so weird how most fruits and vegetables are not native to Europe? Most of them are from the Middle East, China and the new world
Last week I tried minneola oranges. Super good and sweet. Still, I'm more of a mandarin orange kinda person. I'm a citrus enthusiast, but honestly, fruits in general are goated.
I think blueberries and blackberries are pretty overrated.
obviously you never put them in yogurt
good on a salad too, though
is extended ascii allowed
Most of them. Least favourites are probably blueberries and bananas, because when they're good they're amazing but you have to hit this fairly tiny ripeness window before they're rotting away into gross mush.
some blackberries taste very odd or bitter to me, but the good ones are fairly good. I'm not a big pear guy for the same reason, too much of a gamble.
a GREAT plum is borderline orgasmic.
Europe was basically covered by ice when humans first started agriculture. So of course there was nothing for them to grow for food there. And when the ice retreated, it didn't make sense to start all over on the thousand year process of evolving native plants into good food plants, rather than just bringing with them already suitable plants from where they immigrated from.
Peaches are my favorite.
Nectarines still fucking suck
Lychee
I found out Italians didnt even have tomatoes until the 15th century and it blew my mind
frozenfruit.mp3
banana, strawberry, apple, orange, pineapple, watermelon, lemon
I found golden gooseberries at the market last week, those are now my favorite. They're tangy, have kind of a weird texture to them, sometimes sweet sometimes not. They're small like a cherry tomato. I've never seen them before. So I went back to the store and bought a case of them.
also cantaloupe
what fruits do you like?
All of them~! :3
Custard apples and bananas
