How do I find myself an angel-like girlfriend?
be Chad
collect angel-like girlfriend
It is just that simple
It's over isn't it
I wish I had a girl who would act like an angel to me and save me.
It hurts that they don't exist.
They exist, anon, but are very rare, which is what makes my desire for one grow all the more stronger.
for me is tawahedo angel gf
Live Action tawahedo angel gf
Manwhores like Chads dont deserve them considering that he would just abuse her being nice to cheat on her.
FUCK YOU FOR CAUSING ME THOSE FEELS! FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU
Then imagine actually meeting a girl like that, anon, and image the pain you would feel if she said she wasn't interested in you.
I need an angel girlfriend to pull me out of this dark sludge I call my life. I want her to take me by the hand and guide me to the light. I want her to hold me, to reassure me, that everything will be okay, that I just have to take the first steps toward improving myself. And maybe she would guide me by the arm, laughing and skipping happily toward paradise.
You don't need to be saved, stand up with your own legs, that's what they're there for.
Sure, I can help myself, but I still think I would feel a lot better with someone at my side to help me and encourage me when my feelings are low.
but I still think I would feel a lot better with someone at my side [...]
And who wouldn't feel that way? We have no choice, either we fix our own lives or we keep falling.
Chad only gets used goods though.
Just let me have my lamentations on this board, anon. I didn't come here for realistic advice on what I should do to fix myself. I came here to beg for an angel to appear.
Climb a tree with som buckshot and hope to wing one
Have you ever had someone like that? I bet the answer is no, they don't exist anon. Girls who want to save someone are very rare, they might as well be unicorns
I'm asking because I've met someone who was like that, but I think she eventually got bored of me/wanted to talk to someone else instead. God, I miss the warm conversations we'd have together, but I guess it wasn't meant to be. I'm asking because I want to find someone like that again, but I fear it'll be near impossible. It really does feel like I'm unicorn hunting.
 I've met someone who was like that, but I think she eventually got bored of me/wanted to talk to someone else instead
If you actually met someone like that and wasn't disgusted with you after opening up and you let them go then you blew it. If I was you I would have fought tooth and nail for someone like that, they are gold amongst the cold hearted women out there.
