Blackbros, why did you do it?
The Kangdom and the BLVCK race was stagnating and slowly crumbling. Yakub only sealed the inevitable. 
Once he created whytie to pose a true challenge and allowed them to activate the Giza autism array again, it was over. All we can do now is pick up the pieces and learn from these tribulations
Thank goodness whites are dying out.
Yakub was White you nigger
First and second image are too much of a jump. 
Anyway, I 100% believe the Yakub shit. Whites suddenly appear out of nowhere, and everyone with blue eyes can be traced back to one ancestor. You are pig-demon DNA hybrids.
Now are we gonna degenerate into apes or are we gonna rebuild a civilization that can stand the test of time?
That's a shooped image, ya nigtard.
All white civilizations have been extremely short lived.
True. All of them ended with whites either being genocided, chased out of an area, or bred out of existence.
What about Egypt?
They got GREEKED, then TOWELED
Replaced by darkies.
Whites can't stop themselves from building welcoming societies that will inevitably go to shit because of outsiders who have no business being there or no interest of upholding values and standards set builders of said society.
Egypt was never white to begin with. It was ruled by Persians for a couple dynasties, thats it. Tutankhamun was very dark skinned and had clear ethnic features as did his parents. Being R1B is meaningless since there are pure blacks in Africa also of R1B.
pisses around with magnets one day
decides to invent white people AND tricknology
Based Yakub
everyone with blue eyes can be traced back to one ancestor.
Every human can be traced back to one ancestor. Idiot.
Whites were literally illiterate cave dwelling peasants who still wiped their ass with their hand during the Egyptian era, JFL if you think they were the same stock of people
same stock of people
Nobody claims swamplings from Scotland were running Egypt, lol.
But initial Egyptians were much paler people.
Then darkies started to move in.
A tale as old as time it seems.
initial Egyptians were much paler
Prove it then. 
You are full of shit and have zero idea what you are talking about. Egypt only thrived and peaked at certain dynasties.
Ancient Egyptians were Asian, unironically. 
Nomads from north China and Mongolia who left due to desertification and settled near the Nile.
In Asia, this is taught as basic fact. All Chinese people acknowledge Egyptians were Asian. You can find endless Chinese resources about it.
Tutankhamuns grandfather Yuya have high levels of west Asian, central Asian and East Asian DNA.
KV55 Akhenaten (or Smenkhare) tests 41.7% sub-Saharan, 41.5% EurAsian and 16.7% East Asian.
By that time of course the original Asian bloodlines had unfortunately became muddied with darkie and Middle Eastern blood, but the true Egyptians were always Mongols and Chinese.
To this day many similarities are found.
They do not look black. They do not look white. They do not look Middle Eastern. They have long sloped eyes, straight black hair, fine features. The women had small breasts and butts and a yellowish complexion. The men are bronzed from being outdoors. They retained slender builds despite a rich carbohydrate based diet. Its obvious Egyptians were Asians.
I direct you to Egyptian depictions of different races. 
First is an indo european trader. Notice his headcloth to protect his head and neck from sunstroke, the blue eyes and lightly tanned, paler skin. He is clearly European/white.
Second is a Nubian African, who is depicted as very dark with typical Afro features.
And thirdly is a Libyan who is also caucasoid/indo aryan but not as European looking as the first guy, and has black hair and eyes.
Egyptians were generally quite good at depicting the individual appearance of the races. Now notice how different these people look to the Egyptians, who are very clearly portrayed with a distinct appearance. These people cant have been the same race as Egyptians. Egyptians cant have been black or white or MENA.
Look at the slanted eyes and yellow or deep bronze complexions. The flat small noses. These are Asians. The true Asian Egyptians.
Look at the similarity between 4000BC tomb relics from ancient China/Mongolia and 2000BC tomb relics from Egypt.
Left Tutankhamun. Right, Asian singer.
Tutankhamun looked closer to a tanned Asian than a white or black boy.
Mongolian and Chinese headdress are still similar to ancient Egyptians.
Ancient Chinese funeral customs are still the same as the Egyptians.
As you look at Egyptians you begin to see a more and more Asiatic appearance.
The Chinese government acknowledges this as fact. Korean and Japanese scientists also support the hypothesis.
Egypt was founded and cultured by these Asian nomads from near the Gobi desert.
Spread the word and let others know of Egypts true Asian history.
Its time everyone came together and agreed.
Now the Asians are we wuzzing? So creativity bankrupt go make your own memes once in your life.
Imagine thinking bog dwelling whites of that time or low IQ blacks could establish such a sophisticated culture
Egyptians used an image based alphabet like the Chinese.
Chinese writing and hieroglyphs share similarities that have been noticed by many Chinese scholars and linguists.
It's a whole separate area and climate I think we can just call them Egyptian. It wasn't all that fun to live there I'm still wondering why everyone wants to claim them as muh ancestors. I thought asains were proud enough of their own ancient culture to escape that but you've proven me wrong.
Left clearly looks Asian. Central Asian at the very least.
Literally all cultures came from Asia. China has pyramids that predate the Giza ones by thousands of years, and the culture tied with them has the same genetics as modern Chinese, Mongolians and Koreans.
All the important and influential dynastys were Asian.
chinks are the least evolved race
Wild that you would just say that willingly my ancestor.
Egyptians were Asian. Deal with it.
No need to lash out my cultureless friend.
Here we see the Pharaohs sandals, where he is crushing a light eyed, blonde haired enemy and a black enemy.
Indo Europeans such as the Hittites and Assyrians, and Blacks such as the Nubians, were eternal enemies of Asian Egypt.
I thought we all shared Chinese culture, which is it?
Both blacks and white continually attempt to appropriate Asian culture. To this day, they still do it.
You didnt share it, we taught you and you copied us, we dragged you kicking and screaming out of the swamps in which you quite literally sat for millennia.
Asians invent, other races follow.
emerge from the swamps
rapes your entire superior culture
Thanks for the lessons old man
They had it coming. Bullying is never okay.
Asian schizo been real quiet after this one
He had to.
The greatest enemy of black people was Black himself
Amazin
swamp man invents communism as a joke
the asians actually follow it
Houses over bridges are SOVL. Why people don't do this anymore?
That still holds true to this day.
No matter how much other races fuck up blacks, it pales in comparison to how much blacks will fuck their own communities up.
The bluck race?
50K whites a year die of Chinese fent 
I think we are even now whitebro
