Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.
Hooni's reaction to the last edition, edition
How are you doing today?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
Any plans for today?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
Why did you hurt yourself?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
Is there anything bothering you right now?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
A long list of self harm aIternatives (thank you muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7
first aid post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/
wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic
bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
ok how do i fade scars
I know its possible
I look good other than having scars on my arms from a mental breakdown 2 years ago
i have having to know i now will always look mentally ill bc i had ONE mental breakdown in my early 20s
I know you cant get rid of them completely, but yes, there have to be ways to fade them
what has worked for anyone here? or that youve seen results irl from? I trusted shills online with bio oil and dermarolling and it did nothing so i need something people have real life experience with. could i just get so sunburnt that my top skin layer peels off?
ok how do i fade scars
they usually fade over time, it took mine 6-7 months to start getting paler 
You can use scar creams to help with fading but I've never used them and they might not work for everyone
You might also look into cover up tattoos to hide them or a scar revision surgery 
not possible
what are the best ones? its been 2 years and they still havent faded much
Like I said, I've never used them so I don't know, sorry 
but maybe somebody who has experience with them will stumble across this thread and help you out
thx\
nice reaction pics by the way i saved them lol
no problem anon 
thank you, I have a loot of cat pics :3
i have a lot of chud memes
nice, how many do you have? 
here's a cat and a cat-jak for you
lol nice
lots lol
have you ever known a chud irl? i have and ive been amazed how they always actually look exactly like the meme and talk exactly like it too. some real meme magic
not really, in high school there was a guy in my class who looked kinda like him but he was always nice and helpful 
I don't think you're right, I think it's a confirmation bias thing, you only remember people who fit that stereotype because it's funny and memorable
idk ive known 3 people who were into hitler and wanted to see the destruction of all of society irl and they looked exactly like picrel
maybe just the meme gods were looking out for me. i hadnt even see chud memes until a year and a half ago and instantly i was like DUDE
nice cat breading btw
hello, hello! what are you guys up to? are you having a good day?
hey everyone, sorry ive been missing in the threads for some while. like i said before, i finally get my attention and socialization/romanticism. catposter i hope you are ok!
i met for the 4th time with my mommy gf a couple days ago and we stayed the night watching eva (how magical, i pictured that moment for a year and i managed to manifest it), our first kiss was her on top, kissing me with monster energy inside her mouth, passing it into me. never tasted so good. we did a lot of other freaky stuff, i pleased her so much, and thats what made me feel so good. staying the night, next day she said i drained her energy, that she wants to stay home for a thousand years and that people annoy her to the bone now (shes a hikka) fortunately after a little while she said everyone except me. sorry no juuzou cosplay though, we forgot about that one.
this felt like a privilege and honor i have never gotten before in my life. although she suffers from depression that is more severe than mine and it hurts me a lot when i cant help, we have been clean for a some time and ive been feeling the best since i ever like, grown up or something. i definitely have an obsession with her and she knows it and she accepts and likes it. doesnt get any better than this dudes. she even likes to look at my cuts.
wait it out more i guess. . .
will being a smoker make them fade less? will quitting smoking have noticeable effects on it?
hey sorry i didnt greet you, i was writing my post already before yours
im not sure. my best guess is to stay away from all that life damaging stuff and drink a lot of water since it goes into your skin. maybe look into skin transplants if you are in a hurry.
Hi yuanon 
I'm having a pretty good day, I ordered a pair of pedals for an old bike I have and they have arrived today
I'll go to the garage soon and put them on so sry if I stop responding for a while, 
What are you up to?
Hello juuzouanon \o/ 
It's nice to see you again 
I'm happy to hear you've found your ideal gf
Don't worry about that juuzou cosplay, it's fine
hey, juuzouanon!
hey everyone, sorry ive been missing in the threads for some while.
i know you're doing well when you don't post, so it's all good. 
watching eva
still don't know if i should watch it. i own the first 6 volumes of the manga from back in the day, but never really got into it. looks good, though. 
no biggie. i guess what you wrote answers my question as well. seems you were having a "good day". ;D
don't know, but it'd be a net positive in your life, regardless of you scars. if there would be anything that actually worked, people would all be doing it, don't you think? i'd argue that everything that's good for your skin in generel might help, but there's no immediate solution for your problem.
hello, catbro! 
What are you up to?
not much. maybe some hobby stuff later. work was a bit stressful today. i guess people really want to get their mail out after a holiday. (@.@) 
yeah, never mind that, but i really wanna see your bikes at some point. you're putting so much time and effort into them. (^.^)
Hey anon, I suggest you try some of the suggestions the other folks had. I've had scars for five years that never fully disappeared, and maintained the same visibility level for four years. 
Hello juuzouanon, sounds like you had fun! Congrats, dude! (:
Hello /cat/bro!
I'm having a pretty good day, I ordered a pair of pedals for an old bike I have and they have arrived today
Hope we see the result of this work! Have fun!
Hello yuanon!
Bit unfortunate, bet you're glad to be done for now. Hope the hobbies are a good time. What sort of hobbies?
hi, prog. good to see you.
Bit unfortunate, bet you're glad to be done for now.
yeah. it's nice to be done for the day. 
just building and painting some miniatures for tabletop wargaming. and sadly, no, it's not a good time. i never get stuff done and i only do it because my friends are really into it at this point. it's a constant source of frustration in my life, but watcha gonna do? (-_-)
anyway, how was your day?
sadly, no, it's not a good time. i never get stuff done and i only do it because my friends are really into it at this point.
Damn, that's an expensive hobby to not really enjoy.. I have friends who used to paint Warhammer miniatures and they always would mention how much of a money and time sink it is. I feel that painting on such a miniscule level can bring more frustration than enjoyment. Hope you can find more enjoyment in it.
Well my day has just about only begun, but yesterday was a good day. Got to hang out with a lot of different friends in the same day, so I was rather beat by the end of the day, but healthily so. Had a very solid day. Thank you for asking (:
work was a bit stressful today
dang, sorry to hear that, I'd hoped you could relax a little doing that hobby stuff but the doesn't seem to be the case either
i only do it because my friends are really into
that sounds pretty bad, obviously I may be wrong but I think in the long term it might make you angry at your friends for "making" you do this 
Do you think there's no way to get out?
like maybe you could still play with them without having to do all this tedious work 
really wanna see your bikes
Hiya prog 
Yeah maybe I'll post them one day but they're not anything impressive or special 
I only have two and one of them is just an old beater I don't use
Lately I've been thinking about doing some upgrades to the old one because I've been watching Garys videos and I wanna restore something now 
https://youtu.be/uafuApiUAjw [Embed]
Damn, that's an expensive hobby to not really enjoy.
it's expensive, but i don't spend money on a lot of other things, so it's alright. i don't really enjoy doing things anymore and just want to spend some time with friends. 
I feel that painting on such a miniscule level can bring more frustration than enjoyment. Hope you can find more enjoyment in it.
it's all about choosing your battles and not being to fixated on the result. i found some methods and techniques i'm content with, but i struggle with motivation and will always hit some creative block at some point, which makes me stop working on projects for weeks and months. when i actually manage to do it, it can be rewarding, though. 
Had a very solid day.
that's good to hear. hope today will treat you as well as yesterday. 
dang, sorry to hear that, I'd hoped you could relax a little doing that hobby stuff but the doesn't seem to be the case either
nah. it's all good. i'm working on it, so i'm fine. i would be procrastinating otherwise.
that sounds pretty bad, obviously I may be wrong but I think in the long term it might make you angry at your friends for "making" you do this
it's my own fault if i'm engaging with something i don't enjoy. i just wish they didn't need these excuses to meet up sometimes. 
Do you think there's no way to get out like maybe you could still play with them without having to do all this tedious work
i don't really know what to do about it. i really would like to do it, but just can't a lot of the time. that seems to be a general defect of mine, since that's how it's been with everything i've ever tried.
they are important to you. that's what counts.
buu uump
btw I'm pretty sure Sludge is coming back today, I wonder how his trip went
hiya /cut/ how are yall!! im rather bored today :( oh well might go for a bike ride or something :3
when i actually manage to do it, it can be rewarding, though
It's good you can find something enjoyable in it
i just wish they didn't need these excuses to meet up sometimes.
is there a reason why they don't wanna hang out without any reason?
they are important to you. that's what counts.
true 
wonder how his trip went
actually, talking about trips, have any of your ever traveled abroad? 
I've only been to Czech republic for 3 days 
I can tell you guys how it went of you wanna hear it 
hiya I've been doing pretty dang good :D 
how about you?
hell yeah brother, bike rides are the best
Anons, I might do it again.
I stopped for almost 3 years, but recently I lost it after my girlfriend used "I cut myself because of what you said" card. I still feel bad for saying that and making her cut... so I cut myself too. But just twice. I don't wanna make it a habit, but I took a razor in my wallet just in case.
I tried resolving the problem, but it seems like I only escalated it and I feel even more uneasy than before. I'm trying to get my mind off that doing other things, but I feel like it won't work for long.
How do I cope, guys?
he probably needs some time to wind down. i can imagine that it was a rather intense trip. 
hey. sounds like a plan. what have you been up to?
It's good you can find something enjoyable in it
yeah. it's not all as doom and gloom as i make it out to be. i'm prone to exaggerate for dramatic effect. 
is there a reason why they don't wanna hang out without any reason?
jobs, wifes/girlfriends, kids. one has a severly disabled father he has to look out for. they just need to make the rare free time they get to count for something, i guess. 
not much. went to italy a lot with my family when i was a kid. there was a trip to gran canaria and one to the uk. all a long time ago. please do tell about your trip. i'd like to hear about it.
i am back 
it was pretty fun (exept for that one ''thing''), ill talk about it tomorrow because i am reaaally tired from the 4 hour train ride and ill have my first shift tomorrow, also i got a bit sick from a pretty much raw steak i ate Yesterday, and my necks still sore 
i saw your recommendation prog, melvins are pretty good, never really got into them tough
i also lisened to your music and its really not bad, some songs remind me of cruelty squad, i liked track 6 the most
Hi anon
I think the best thing to do is to try and not cut, I know you said that you feel like it won't work for long but it's usually easier to stop habbits from forming than trying to break those habbits once they form
But I understand you're in a shitty situation so if you do end up cutting, make sure everything's under control and patch yourself up real good after, just please don't make it a habbit 
If you want ask for advice or vent or just chat with somebody, were here for you, maybe it'll help you not cut
You got it! The first song in particular was basically a carbon copy of the combat theme from pharmokinetics. In that song I even used a sound that was used in the literal Cruelty Squad OST, that being the main melody sound in the main menu. The background sounds of tracks three and five were also inspired by the game. I'm glad someone noticed, and thanks for the interest! (:
Thanks, catanon
I love cats very much, they remind me of her because she likes to pretend she's a cat and bite me on my arms. I'll do my best to hold, having laid my thoughts here somehow unloaded my mind but I don't know for how long. I don't want any more scars, because I feel ashamed of them. The ones I have I try to hide under my watch, so nobody sees. They're long faded and I'm kind of pale, so they're barely visible. Have you guys tried hiding your scars under tattooes?
I don't remember anything.
I know the past happened, I just don't remember it.
I can remember some of the things they would do, and some of how they felt, but nothing important. There are no photos, there's no documents, there's nothing left but an unconscious memory. They don't even exist anymore.
I really don't understand the world around me and I feel nothing. I don't feel pain, I don't feel sadness, I don't feel anger, or happiness. I feel worry, I feel misunderstanding. There is no grounded reality I live in.
The reality I live in and the reality other people live in is completely different. For them, they love themselves, they love other people, they know who they are and want to be around other people, and people want to be around them.
That reality is not the one I live in. I live in a reality devoid of color, of emotion, of intimacy and connection. I am a burden to everyone else, including myself. I feel nothing. I can eat everything and never feel full, or I can go 3 days and not feel hungry.
It's not my fault I am like this. It's not my fault I'm a a bad person. It's not my fault I cannot love myself. How can someone love me when I do not love myself, nor even remember myself, or even view them as me?
I'm still going to be here. I don't like my setup, I don't like how uncomfortable I am, but there is nothing I can do about it but waste away. I will still study, still play games, but I have little to no motivation and I don't know if I will ever feel something again or come back.
People won't remember me, because I don't even remember myself.
hey, sludge! good to have you back.
ill talk about it tomorrow because i am reaaally tired from the 4 hour train ride and ill have my first shift tomorrow
have a good night's rest then. can't wait to here about your trip, though. ^^
how odd. i had steak tartare with fries on my trip to france and it was awesome. i guess it depends on the quality and freshness of the cut and if you are used to raw meat. i like it a lot.
jobs, wifes/girlfriends, kids. one has a severly disabled father..
damn, being an adult sucks, I don't really have any irl friends now but the people I kinda used to be friends with started to get jobs and girlfriends, I never see them around anymore 
please do tell about your trip. i'd like to hear about it.
okay so, It was a school trip on the last year of middle school, I visited the old town, the cathedral and the zoo
What I remember about the old town is how hot it was in there, It's was a very warm day and there was a lot of heat radiating off of the old walls surrounding the narrow tourists filled streets, it wasn't too bad tho, I was wearing a thick white hoodie and it did a surprisingly good job keeping me cool
I don't remember much about the cathedral because the moment I entered it a huge wave of sleepiness swept over me, I almost just laid down on the ground and went to sleep, seriously it was unreal, maybe I'm a demon and all of the religious symbols started idk doing something to me or it happened because there were too many people in there and too little oxygen
The zoo was kinda boring but one of my friends reached into a penguin enclosure and touched one of them 
Over all the trip was nice, do you have any stories from your trips? 
Hi sludge 
Happy you enjoyed it, take a nice rest and see you tomorrow ^^ 
You're welcome :3 
Do your best !! 
she likes to pretend she's a cat and bite me on my arms. 
cute 
I don't have many scars in visible places and they're pretty small so a tattoo has never crossed my mind
nice trips
Hi anon here's a (you), sorry for not responding in depth to what you've said but it's getting late here and my brain is kinda shutting down, just know that your post hasn't gone unnoticed and your voice hasn't gone unheard 
I hope that despite all this stuff haunting you, you still have a nice life
Thank you.
I think I'll snap out of it, but I don't know when.
how about you?
Im pretty alright dont feel like anything really, i guess its better then feeling shitty :/
Listening to music mainly playing a few games here and there taking care of my fish and shit making music pretty cool :>
that's quite a lot to take in, anon, but i do get the seperated reality part. i always feel like there's something i don't understand or have that others do. i don't think you're a bad person, just lost and it's good that you are with us. thank.you for sharing your thoughts. 
damn, being an adult sucks, I don't really have any irl friends now but the people I kinda used to be friends with started to get jobs and girlfriends, I never see them around anymore
i guess that's how it goes when responsabilities start to pile up. sorry that your friends and you drifted apart. i hope being with us is somewhat of a consolation. 
sounds like a good trip if you remember it so vividly. 
i have to think about it. as i said, most of those were a long time ago. if i remember something noteworthy i'll tell you.
well, what music, what games and what fish are they? can you share the tracks you made? the ones from last time were quite cool. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QbTQuoO_1A&amp;pp=ygUfaG93IGRvIGZpc2ggZG8gY29tcHV0ZXIgam9ja2V5ZA%3D%3D [Embed]
No, I am a bad person.
Guilt tripping, suicide-baiting, struggling to do even the most basic things such as love myself, wanting to hurt myself, making others cry and hate me, that's something a bad person does.
I hate the tiredness, maybe hurting myself will fix it.
Guilt tripping, suicide-baiting, struggling to do even the most basic things such as love myself, wanting to hurt myself, making others cry and hate me, that's something a bad person does.
a truly bad person wouldn't even acknowledge that these things are bad. only someone who can see their faults can try to correct them. i'm not a good person myself, but i try to be better. sometimes it works out, a lot of the time it doesn't. we're in a constant struggle for self. 
you know that it won't. at least not permanently. try to get some rest, anon. 
here's the place where you can just be who you are at the moment. no judgment. at least not from me.
imma hit the hay fellas
goodnight everyone
hey /cut/ i recently started cutting, yknow, it makes me feel like im in control and makes me forget everything, i dont cut very deep but im scared some day ill be feeling horrible and might do something i regret, should i be worried?
sleep well.
hey, anon. i can't tell you what to do, but i can offer to listen. sometimes it helps to type out what's troubling you, so i'd like to ask why you need control and what do you want to forget? when you think about cutting, maybe you can come here first and tell us what's on your mind. it's getting late for me, though, so i'll be heading to bed now. i'll read your reply in the morning and answer in this or the next thread. whichever will be up by then. hope to see you around.
good night, everyone.
The cashier girl I've been crushing on asked about my scars, should I ask her out?
its just bpd, im in an almost constant state of fear and often feel like it controls me, i hate how it makes me feel, i want to get close to people but i just cant seem to be able to do it because of it. its crippling, i even go to therapy but i cant even be fully honest with my therapist because of it despite it not even being a relationship where someone can "leave" you.
sleep well anon thanks for taking your time in reading this
of course you should anon but i think you know that, is there something else bothering you?
