You will all pay for what King George did to the American colonists. You will pay for what you did to the Irish, Welsh, and Scottish for the last 1000 years. To the Indians for the last 400. To the Africans for the last 400. To the Germans and French for the last 300. To the Chinese the last 200. England is the most brutal nation on earth. Get your teeth cleaned, Nigel. The UK is falling to Islam. You WILL be MUSLIM!!
your children are getting gunned down as we speak
I hope so. Profoundly fuck Brits, British and English.
You assume that I'm American. People the world over hate England and are sitting on the edge of their seats awaiting your downfall.
https://youtu.be/Q5ac1WtgIrY [Embed]
as a french, I agree
il faut aussi en finir avec la langue anglaise
when the uk was the greatest empire in history you were eating potatos for dinner
CRY MORE
Great Britain is #1, cope harder.
#1 american state
Good Morning Sir, please do the needful and btfo britishers!
Nous sommes d'accord la Pierre, Nique le roi nique la Reine de pute d'angleterre, connasse de pute
connasse de pute is your failed state full of niggers all over the place
Is this supposed to be offensive? LMAO
Mark my words, this thread will get more replies than that /britfeel/ garbage
was #1
Mighty big words there "bloke"
Our Scottish, Irish and English PMs are all Indian. Even the royal family is Indian through Diana. You have pooed on our entire hierarchy.
I hate this meme because its so disingenuous and implies speaking German is the only thing that would have negatively changed under a Nazi rule.
the mongolians depopulated like 20% of the planet
the british were the first empire to end slavery
why do leftoids never talk about this?
okay virgin faggots
ethnic girls love my accent
how does it feel knowing an ANGLO like myself mogs you?
ADS (anglo derangement syndrome) is REAL and present on 4chan
4chan virgins are absolutely OBSESSED with Britain and anglos
we need to find a cure, it's driving the virginal, brown 4chan users INSANE
British-descended American here, who is proud of the country that was started and built by the crown and who we inherit our language, style of governance (common law), and much of our culture from that we take for granted. 
The seeds of anti-anglo sentiment around the world was caused by German conspirators during World War 1, jealous of the success of the British Empire, seething after their own colonies had been taken from them. German "culture" around the world took a massive hit after the United States and Canada cracked down on the German immigrants and put thousands of them in internment camps (rightfully so). And German "culture" was rightfully erased, with German surnames and place names being changed to Anglo ones. And those krauts have been seething, coping, malding, and dilating ever since.
english is a german dialect descending from the Friesen dialect and with loans from french
cope
English doesn't descend from frisian or german. The germanic language family is not the same as the german language, the Germanic languages do not originate in germany, the High German shift means English and Dutch are objectively more original to proto Germanic than german, cope.
Angloshart cope.
German descended American here and also the OP, Britain is quickly being conquered by South Asians and Islam. Yes France and Germany and Austria have their problems too, but Germany is the richest, most employed, and most populace country in all of Europe. German is the language of business, technology, and innovation. English only endures as a language because of American influence. 
Anglos literally have to recruit the help of the ENTIRE WORLD to challenge German superiority LMAO
England is Over 
The United Kingdom is dead 
Megan Markle found a black man in Dover 
Harry Markle put a bullet in his own head
