my sister said im not a real man because i dont go out often and i dont have friends or a girlfriend. i think she thinks im gay. she bought me womens clothing for christmas. what should i do? should i just stop talking to her?
Punch and rape her, show her womens opinions do not matter
she bought me womens clothing for christmas
No girl that believers her brother is gay would buy him girl clothes unless she already thought he was androgenous effeminate and could pull it off
throw it in the trash and refuse contact
should i just stop talking to her?
This one
call her a social media junkie scrolling her brain away on tiktok and instagram. then watch her break down crying
I would beat her like I did my sister when I was 15 for talking shit
Start reading books and lifting weights you fucking loser
He says after browsing fag9k for 2+ hours/day
I couldn't even buy my mother a hairbrush without being suspected of transqueer. Did you buy your sister the clothes and then she regift?
found the social media junkie. go back to tiktok you subhuman animal
How about you do actually become a real man, what you need to do is get your ass into a gym and build some muscle, your sister is most likely speaking the truth
youre poor and a ghetto hood rat
questioned your masculinity
Beat her up and stop talking to you.
disrespected you by buying you female clothing
Beat her into a pulp, rape her, kill her afterwards.
are you gay? how is it even possible to be a virgin in 2023.
Here is your (You), Anon
Don't spend it all at once
thank you for the (You)
it's still pathetic to be sexless, loser.
Lol foids just hate sub8 males bro, they cant hold it in forever. its all coming out now for sure
She will say all kinds of irrational and negative things that dont make sense, just understand that its normie thought process
normie see thing
normie no like thing
normie get ANGRY
thing is also thing me normie no like, like, um, he no go have girlfriend, Yes
he gay! And STOOPID
Theyre like dogs barking.
greentexting herself
Newfag roastie
what should i do?
beat her, obviously
What would you even do at home alone? What is wrong with you?
i study, i play video games, i watch tv shows, i exercise
no
ive already started
im going to do this
yep she thinks im really weird. all her guy friends had gfs when they were my age. i am 21
video games
Oof.
what kind of clothes did she gift you?
i play video games, i watch tv shows
STOP
wear them and see if you like them? womens clothing can be fun anon.
