Picture two men. The first is handsome, muscular and confident but he's broke and spends most of his time traveling the world as a bum and working odd jobs to get by. The second is average-looking, skinnyfat and timid but he has a high-paying tech job and lives in a luxurious apartment in the center of a major American city. He might go on a short vacation every few years but usually you can find him watching anime or playing video games at home.
Leaving aside which man women are more eager to marry, which man are women more excited to talk to and have sex with? Which man will women fall more deeply in love with? Is there any doubt that it's the first one?
I'm not sure what my point is here besides don't expect to be too successful with women once you have money if you have a boring body and a boring personality. If you want sex now (let's be honest, you probably do) it makes more sense to looksmax and personalitymax before worrying about money because it takes many years to earn lots of money. What do you think? By the way I'm the second guy but I'm also broke so I think what's best for me is working on my confidence while trying to get a real job/career because I'm not about to become a beach bum Chad.
I think autists should quit trying to deal with love and sexuality in absolutes and instead just go with the flow. There's a plate for every dish and there's women out there that will love you, as long as you're not a selfish despicable piece of shit. Most of the population don't have perfect bodies or faces but they're still people that desire and can achieve romantic love. 
If you resent women, you're going to be alone forever. You have to be kind to them in a way that doesn't sacrifice masculinity. How you figure that out is up to you.
all women want X
Didn't read lol
You people are like the libs who sperg out when I say "men are stronger then women." Just wilful bad faith misreadings of common sense points.
The handsome,muscular confident(tall) broke bum.
This is why most people's childhoods are miserable. Women pick the worst men every single time.
I would say that is one of the core problems young men face today.
Go to college, study hard, work hard and then focus on your career while you are still young. Everyone, including their
parents will say these things, so you think that this is a safe and secure way to live a nice life, but then
somewhere in your late 20s you start realizing time is moving on and you will never be a carefree teen you used to be,
you realize that career life is nothing but work piled upon more work and that you have already missed some of the pleasures of young adults life.
You also realize that besides a paycheck there isnt much you can offer to women, only this time around, women also work and might even outearn you,
so basically you dont contribute anything worthwhile to a relationship.
And even of you work hard, that leaves you with no free time whatsoever to pursue any fun or worthwhile hobbies, instead you only watch anime or play vidya as you are spent after wageslaving for 10 hours.
This is the reason why beach bum Chad meme resonates with many young men today, why work hard when you can play hard?
You dont need that much money in lofe if you have basics covered, so why are you spending your life chasing profits when
you wont even have enough time to enjoy them?
Money doesnt give you attraction or love.
It just gives you cooperation as long as you keep paying.
Depending on how high paying the job is the skinny fat shy guy might get a sugarbaby to pretend to love him for money but he will NEVER get true love that the Chad gets.
The moment he will be no longer able to pay women to be araund him they will leave.
you are literally coping in order to find a way to justify not spending more time on your career. You argument is that a man shouldn't worry about money because chad fucks for free, which is stupid.
Wym? The first dude sounds like an interesting and fun guy to be around. Stop being boring and hateful and expecting a woman because you ticked the "I did what I was supposed to do society, where's my goodboy points!"
Most women I know would literally try to get with both.
Monogamy is super dead and women killed it.
push through discrimination at the every step of the way in schooling
get into hundreds of thousands of dept because you arent a woman so you dont get in for free
find some place that has already filled its black and female quotas and is actually hiring white men.
A woman gets mad a ugly man is bossing her araund instead of a chad or another woman so she just randomly yells rape when you're nowhere near her
You are now fired and blacklisted from every company with no investigation
now you're back to working at mcdonalds just with 100k dept thats going up every month faster than you can pay it and a useless piece of paper saying you went to collage.
Wow thats so worth wasting 10 years of your life for.
Im going to collage now.
I really don't give a shit. I only care about myself so does everyone else. It's not about merit.
Well no, I'm saying focusing on just your career is insufficient for getting women, contra the people who say once you're an old boring rich guy women will love you. It doesn't work like that.
Those are the worst men because women choose them instead of him.
Tf are you talking about I don't care about anyth9ng. I'm a shell now. It's cool
I don't care about sour grapes either bro.
I'm a blackpilled racist sexist incel basically but even to me this reads like a parody of deranged incel cope lmao. The world isn't *that* bad brother.
wtf are you taling asbout
All I really care about is having sex and having children.
Hard work is a typical cope by ugly people. Accepting that mentality is essentially admitting that no woman would want to be with you naturally, which is true in most cases.
The first guy even without his looks is objectively more interesting. Being a 9-5 rat race wagie is a penny a dozen.
t. 9-5 rat race wagie
Not him but perhaps not for everywhere, but goddamn between that and the looming threat of automation/mass layoffs from (((economic))) fuckery does it not inch closer to that every day.
Yep.
Of all men my mom chose a penniless drug addict. No surprise- he was tall and charming. Because he had no money, she needed welfare to provide for me when I was an infant. Apparently my father stole some of said welfare money, or stole something or other meant for me (I've heard baby formula is often used as a kind of currency). Yes, drugs were more important to him than the nourishment of his own son. Apparently that is what destroyed their relationship for good, though to be honest, I think she would have taken him back, had he actually wanted to be part of her/my life.
You would think that, because she chose such a man, my mom would be similar in character. But she isn't. My mom is a nice person. She is very empathetic. She loves animals and flowers and other feminine things. At times she is assertive and stands up for other people. Her main flaw is being somewhat irritable. She was very loving to me when I was a boy. She didn't even have me circumcised, which I feel is a good marker for how empathetic a woman is to men (does she take away his manhood when she has complete control over him?).
Of course I end being a lot like my mother. Not a sociopath...unfortunately, because you need to be one (or capable of killing your own emotions to emulate being one) to be a successful man.
/blogpost end
