have 2 cars, truck and smol sedan
start going out with girl who has some shitty business where she bakes and sell pies and other shit form her house
on like our second date i sperg out and tell her "you can borrow my car anytime you want to deliver your pies" because she was pretty and i had run out of things to say
now, like 1 week later, she took up me on my offer and just mesaged me if she can borrow my car until the 10th to deliver some pies
mfw i only know her for like a week and havent even kissed her or even held her hand and dont know if i ever will or if im just being played and friendzoned
fuck how do i get my autisitc ass out of this one? If i tell her no im gonna look like shit because i offered her my car in the first place, and if i let her borrow it she might break it or crash or worse lend it to her brothers or tyrone and i dont actually wanna lend it to her
FUCK
Charge her
You reap what you sow, normo.
Bite a bullet and lend her a car.
If all is good, you'll increase your standing with her.
If not- it will be a fucking lesson not to run your fucking mouth like a tard.
Just say that you meant you would only let her use your car only for when there is an order to be delivered. Not as a daily-use vehicle to be borrowed
Lmao hope you don't care about any of those. She's probably gonna be bouncing off curbs like a pin all before Chad fucks her in the back seat.
Say sure but you ride shotgun
Free time to talk to her and you ensure your car doesnt get fucked
As long as you have time ofc
this is a good answer
she will be forced to spend time with u for access to your resources
u might end up driving tho
I think that's a nice thing to do, OP. She sounds like a nice girl! Maybe she'll bake you a pie and then you can get HER pie :D
yeah this is what im scared off. Also its just a huge liability, if she fucking runs someone over its my plates that will get registered and ill get fucked.
ok actually i just told her this and she told me "sometimes the women dont like it if a man is with me when i deliver stuff like lingerie" (its true she also sells womens clothes in addition to pies) but this just seems like a huge red flag now. Shes definetely gonna fuck chad in it isnt she?
ok so im definetely not gonna lend it to her now. How do i let her off without getting blocked?
btw she said "id rather you let me borrow it until the 10th like you said" so shes definetely gonna use that against me
why don't you trust her?
"sometimes the women dont like it if a man is with me when i deliver stuff like lingerie"
That is a massive red flag. Why do none of you know how to fuckin stand up for yourselves? It's like you get off on being a spineless bitch.
Sounds like lies. Women don't give a shit if the mailman dropping off their Chinese Amazon or Shein crap is a man. Why would they care if the panties they order from the pie baker is riding with a man? I'm a man but if you want to buy me dinner, drinks, and go for coffee in the morning I'm willing to borrow your truck so problem as long as I don't have to kiss you or have sex with you. Don't forget to fill the tank up for me :x
Just accuse her of lying and making up excuses.
I don't like when man helps with delivering panty pies.
How retarded she must think you are, if she genuinely thinks this will fool you?
It's your car, anon, you don't own anyone excuses. 
 I thought it over, and, in hindsight, I don't know you well enough yet to lend you a car for a week. I'm happy to help you deliver things, though. 
And that last part only if you really want to.
This is genuinely the correct response OP. Thank you common sense anon.
1 week later
 borrow my car until the 10th to deliver some pies
She wants to borrow your car for just as long if not longer than you've even known her at this point. The mere fact that her FIRST request is for more than week long speaks volumes as to what her true intentions are. She wants a free car like you're Bob fucking Barker.
Also its just a huge liability
havent even held her hand
"sometimes the women dont like it if a man is with me when i deliver stuff like lingerie"
Even without considering the possibility of a chad, that's a MASSIVE red flag, get out now while you can before something actually goes wrong. Don't even bother trying to save face at this point. Do whatever you have to to protect yourself (i.e. assets)
She is gonna fucking steal it, you stupid nigger. Or she will fuck chad in it. Why are you such a retard? Are you letting a foid play you like this? Tell her no. I dont trust you with my fucking car. Im going with you or its no deal.
Anon offers Stacy his car to visit Chad's cock
That's a pretty good story, sad, but amusing
Put a tracker or air tag in the car and see where it goes. I doubt the same residence wants "pie" on a schedule.
