haven't worked out in quite a while
decide it's time to get back into it
really out of shape
mother sees me
"Working out at home is useless. You're supposed to do it with people."
JFMSU...
I think your mother is wrong. I have a barbell and stuff but don't really have a way to cardio. Way better than having to wait around for your turn, loud music, and people everywhere. One day I'll get a rowing machine but cardio makes gaining weight harder anyway.
I mostly do calisthenics but use the benchpress set my brother bought years ago.
maybe you'd do better doing a sport, but just working out does well for a lot of people. it's not useless though and your mom is kind of being a bitch.
She talks about me at her workplace and the guy who works out with a 'mirable body said that (he used to be quiet and reclusive like me apparently).
Your mom is retarded. The gym is not a social club, the phenomenon of your muscles tearing is not a social activity, just normal fucking common sense, tell your mom to either grow a brain or kill herself
everyone can walk. even if it's just a short distance, commit and then make it a slightly longer distance until you can walk basically indefinitely without fatigue. it doesn't take long. then start walking faster. even if it's just a short distance, you can eventually work up to speed-walking without fatigue. then start short runs.
i prefer lifting because it's more visible and makes me feel better than cardio. but literally anyone can do meaningful cardio with absolutely no equipment. if you can walk you can work your way to running with patience and dedication
"Working out at home is useless. You're supposed to do it with people."
working out is not a socializing event. you're supposed to be focused on the work, not on talking to others or your phone. if you were a professional football player, you wouldn't appreaciate some fan running up to you to the field just to tell you how good that pass you made was.
My neighborhood isn't the best. If I lived in the country I'd run but not in town. I've considered getting a jumprope, but got to get big first.
i'm probably paranoid but i'd be freaked out about being compared to someone who has a body she describes that way.
I have worked there too and know the guy. Basically everyone knows me there. I describe him that way although he looks like he's on the juice.
