be Alura Jensons sons
your mom joins the industry when you are a teenager and becomes famous for her incest and interracial porn with heave raceplay
fast forward to 2023 
your mom is larping as a Conservative MAGA Christian and is hating on liberals on Twitter and praising Donald Trump 
Poor bastards. I wonder if they still talk to her
"If you want a virgin gf just go to church!!!"
the girls at church
Women face no consequences for their actions.
you'd have to change your name like literally it'd destroy your life if people knew your mother did porn until like 2 years ago or whenever
"born again" 
how the fuck do christcucks accept this shit
Be a porn whore
Pretend youve suddenly found god and are now conservative
Purposely bring up the fact you have sons
Still do porn
Gotta say the level of depravity you whores are stooping to to sell yourselves its quite sickeing. Really a step up(or down) from the typical OFs whore who complains about her customers being creepy or being sdtarred at in public when shes dressed like a slut. 
Just because Im a whore doesnt mean I am one
I wonder if they still talk to her
They are piping her.
Why tf do American conservatives allow this? The Conservative Party in my country literally shames liberal female politicians for their lifestyles and the American ones just adopt whores like her
'" I dOnT embarrassed mYSeLf" yet takes a room full of nigger dicks and a face full of cum. 
Dumb whore. Ggmwvg
Whore
Made up term
Umm, jew
Whore moms are great, everyone loves them.
You dont have the neccessary intelligence to get it
Checked out her Twitter and found this. Do you guy think we should have tolerance for the things she did in her past?
Just like tolerating porn has had a disastrous effects on society.
I don't want porn sluts quoting my favorite author
Only trucels are allowed to like Dostoevsky
This one is hilarious af too
. I wonder if they still talk to her
Do you talk to your whore mom who whores for free?
Alhamdullilah I am Muslim because wtf is this
caring about what a porn star things
Do people really? Why do these whores act like their political opinion matters?
Her conservacuck fans praise her for everything she says
Why do cluster b women?
She's more feminine than most women so it's pretty easy
Same bro. We gotta watch out for hojabis tho. But damn thats like if Mia Khalifa started giving kutbahs on how to be a good wife. 
How do christcucks tolerate this?
Christians don't.
it's just americans.
if you truly repent and stop, alright.
if you're just larping and keep going, you're very likely to get kicked out after a warning or two.
Imagine liking pic related after having done some of the nastiest BBC porn out there
obviously fake quote, people both like to pretend the social ills facing modern society are a new and greatest treat to civilisation that has ever happened, yet writters from centuies past somehow had quotes about exactly the same thing.
he's joining the army
Oh shit...
that's exactly what i thought. you can see how he was obviously the kind of kid that tortured lizards
