Why is it ok for chad to raw dog a random chicks asshole, in a bathroom stall of a nightclub, film it and upload it but when I do the same thing Im accused of a [redacted]?
I dont get it. Cuntoids gaslight about "muh consent!" as a cope but the fact is whats really the difference? Its a dick your asshole. Why are they willing to debase themselves for one guy but not others? Theyre literally doing the exact same thing.
That they arent attracted to you but they are to Chad.
If attraction doesnt matter then download grindr and go fuck some faggot in his ass.
Whats really the diffrence? Its a dick in a asshole.
Just link the source so we can get on with our day. Nobody cares about your whiny incel drivel.
That they arent attracted to you but they are to Chad.
BUT ITS THE SAME PHYSICAL ACT. Women need to rgow up and realise we arent living in caves anymore. "OMG its such a risk for us" bullshit. The pill, contraception, its in your ass and not your pussy. They need to get over themselves. Getting pregnant isn't a life changing thing now days. 
Just go gay
No thanks jew. 
Nobody cares about your whiny incel drivel.
Also you
Lel enjoy your no ejac.
Why not?
Its its the same physical act.
You're putting your dick in a asshole.
Attraction doesnt matter.
Its the same thing.
You didnt even deny being a kike lol
Im asian not jewish now anwser the question.
Why not?
Its the same physical act.
You say attraction doesnt matter women should give as much sex to incels as they give to Chads even though they are not attracted to incels.
Its the same physical act you're putting your dick in a asshole right?
So why not go be a faggot and stop harrassing women demanding they ignore they're not attracted to you they have to fuck you anyways and just leave women alone, creep.
Because she's a whore. Any girl that would do this is a whore, and that's why a lot of women would do this. 
Because a lot of women are whores
/thread
...but only for chads apparently.
this shit is dirty as fuck. these people must be on drugs, even a platinum grade roast isnt letting a guy fuck their asshole in a club toilet. suck dick or have some shitty standing sex maybe but this is fucking grim. that girl probably has aids.
Yes.
Women only want to have sex with men they are attracted to.
This is reminding me of a quasi-repressed memory that I have from middlschool. I don't really remember the specifics, but I just remember one day this thought coming to me
I forgot about it until fairly recently and then your post reminded me again
I often wonder what my life would have been like if women were chaste. They didn't have to show interest in or date me necessarily, but if they were chaste and didn't just wantonly and flagrantly act like sluts for any guy they found attractive, I wonder how I would have turned out
The whole "incel" issue would be completely different if women were just chaste. A lot of guys would still be depressed, but they wouldn't hate women and wouldn't be so checked out of society if they didn't have to have it constantly pushed in their face that women are out and about fucking every dude they think is hot.
But you try explaining anything about what's good for the gander to 99% of women and they'll probably say that you're sexist, and then they'll probably say that you never get any action, and then they'll probably talk about how tiny they think your penis is
https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph5bfac709e9d8f
Public Anal Sex in Club Bathroom! Amateur Couple Leolulu
Yeah? Well too bad. Its in the ass so it shouldn't matter. If theyre willing to debase themselves it shouldnt make a different which man does it.
Why dont you take your own advice and go to grindr?
Just say you want to post porn anon.
Did you skip the part where I already called you a jew?
Instead of making a fake OP I mean.
Because he's chad. Women's are hardwired to serve chad and be abused by tyrone
On the contrary, even innocent looking girls can do worse than that if chad wants it
It's literally a porn shoot. They're porn stars being paid to do it. Otherwise his dick would be covered in shit.
Because he's chad.
Thats not an answer
Theyre stupid with unevolved lizard brains you mean
Yes because actual femoid roasties dont do this for free every weekend in every bar and nightclub of the world.
Idiot
I doubt chad fucks in club bathrooms. It's mostly trashy couples that do this.
Most don't. They'll at least take a guy home or go to his place. If people hookup in club bathrooms it's usually people that are already couples.
Exceptions do exist, but that's the bottom of the barrel.
yeaaah, for about two and a half minutes
Because Chads DO get sued for this type of shit unless the girl consented to the publication, which usually involves some form of payment
Because Chad doesn't have fungus-infected toes and doesn't suffer from paranoid schizophrenia
Wohnst du immer noch in Worms?
Okay i will explain it for you "femcel"
No its not better if chad does it but none of the Incels here have a interested in fucking or dating chad so they dont care about him
bro once a guy sucked my dick in the bathroom stall at the club, shit was cash. Felt like i was going to die the whole time actually but it was pretty cool nonetheless
Stop goalposting. If you dont adress the actual argument right now, I will consider you a fag who already is searching for a dick on grindr.
Being manhandled by chad feels good, being even breathed at by the incel is pure torture, end of story. Sex is only good when you are aroused
I go to the club every weekend and never once saw that. People go home to hook up. Kill yourself incel loser
Porn is sooo brutal to me now. Seeing this debauchery I am not a part of is now worse than seeing the worst gore I can possibly witness. Damn why did I turn out like this I used to think "fuck trying I dont want sex that bad i can be happy without it" and I never bothered to not destroy myself and end up the grim abomination which I am now.
Careful now chuddie, acting upon your cope could get you charged for hate crimes
looks. thats what it all boils down to. its why women redefined the word rape. before it was forced sex, but thats actually a huge turn on to them (when chad does it) so rape to women now means sex that she regrets. the window for that regret also lasts years upon years.
by letting coomer-chuds fulfill dreams that they don't deserve
(you don't, sorry)
you also denounce the ability to assign beauty as a thing.
the fact that you seethe over SOME women refusing their holes for you over those you don't even care to ask - just shows you're a retarded hypocrite idiot incapable of analyzing the point of view of others.
cringe copegay
god thats so fucking unsanitary and disgusting holy shit.
You give your victims the ick
how is that any different from you always fantasizing that you are a hot korean woman who gets pounded by bwc?
PFFFT HAHHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHA
IMAGINE ACTUALLY BELIEVING THIS
You're right, the whole world only consists of Chads that can do no wrong and get all the pussy, and then little Chuds like you who are the only people that ever have any difficulty in life. Woe is you etc etc.
Get a fucking grip you pussy.
The sheer fact that you're posting on 4chan tells me enough about your living conditions to know that you have the means to change your pitiful existence into one that's worth living; you're just too much of a coward to use them.
Damn that's fucking awesome, story or sauce on this?
damn that gets me chubbd
Men shouldn't need to change, women should just accept men the way they are, like women can be accepted the way they are. Equality, fair's fair
"men"
giga gaycringe
Women should accept men who whine and cry. Women should show love and care and support, and be glad when men open up and express themselves rather than bottling it all up.
gaaay. just get laid, incel.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xpGXNnYo0YY&amp;pp=ygUYbWlzcyBqYW5lIGl0cyBhIGZpbmUgZGF5 [Embed]
Women should lower their standards so that male incel can 'just get laid'. Also they should put out emotionally as well, because just getting laid is lame
But they won't, and your seething won't change that. So consider changing yourself or accepting your fate as an eternally outcast loser whose own fault it is that he ended up this way.
I know. I understand that I'll rot alone forever. But I wont stop the seething over it
Why not? It changes nothing, it just makes you feel worse.
because i have some self respect
do you though. or are you lost and confused and using your anger as a crutch.
Nigga if you are this mad at women just go ER already. You are clearly way too twisted to deal with real life.
You're acting like a huffy toddler. If that's your idea of self respect, you have a lot of growing-up to do
If I didn't have self respect, I'd change myself to pander to society's bullshit standards for men.
thats cruel. Angela the trip told Elliot something similar. she told him to "go Columbine"
you see it as changing yourself but really it's learning and opening up your thoughts to other minds.
Learning and having an open mind won't make me want to pander to society's bullshit standards.
There was a thread about clubs a few months ago and there was a bouncer anon in there that caught roasties fucking thugs in the washroom. This shit really does happen, you're just a cuck faggot.
you see it as pandering and changing yourself, but its about choosing options available to yourself. your anger keeps you where you are. 
sex really is liberating.
I wanted to be who I am before I got angry and realized there's no hope of being accepted for who I am. So, no.
kek, defeated already
Muh Lady will appreciate a good white knight when the time comes, until then Chad riding his black stallion will ravish the lovely lady between the restroom stalls.
do you ever think that Chad ever had a white knight phase?
Incels are in love with all chads and Tyrone's. Incel's are jealous of such men.
Said no one ever
bros the hair over my right temple is greying fast asf. i kind of like it.
Probably. I am sure many soft beta type men that white knight eventually turn chad. Many men do not switch and many stay Incel.
You don't know reality. You incels really need to get out in the world.
his reality is his room, in front of a screen, inside a house he doesnt know that he wants to leave.
his reality is porn, 4chan, and twitch tv. his reality
She won't be seeing that guy again. She knows that he won't take her seriously beyond this hookup. So she does all her dirty sex with men that she won't see again or for the long term. 
Chad gets the wild sex because he won't deal with those women beyond that hook up.
fair enough. Incels wouldn't know how to deal with reality. It's sad that Incels exist but funny they actually exist when sex is very easy to get nowadays.
we drift deeper, life goes on
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cb61AVsxD34&amp;pp=ygURYXMgdGhlIHJ1c2ggY29tZXM%3D [Embed]
kek
tfw this was one of my favorite songs.
tfw the producer used this song in the opener for Lexi Belle in "She Loves Asian Cock" (yes it was a real, boomer pornsite)
tfw forgot about this song until now when im having a nostalgic trance binge
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=PPUHmpEVVFc&amp;pp=ygUXYmVhdXRpZnVsIHRoaW5ncyB0aWVzdG8%3D [Embed]
incels actually understand reality for one. anyone who doesn't think women aren't the most insane people in the world is just a retard begging to be taken advantage of by a cruel female
The level of detail in your greentext leads me to suspect this has happened to you.
I'm the one going to the club and fucking girls in the ass. It just happens at their house.
Because chad is better than you. Know your place.
sure you have buddy, sure you have
You're retarded, they're not attracted to you that's why they won't let you put your penis in them. Stop bitching
why should it matter if she's attracted to me
Why should it matter if you're attracted to her?
because she's a female shit stain and doesn't get that choice
I may have been exaggerating a little. I've done it once so far
But now I understand how to pick up girls
hey bro at least you're honest, respect
-OPs logic, probably
It is pretty sound logic, to be fair. Women are more similar to hive minds compared to men
Well I'm sure you lot are experts on womens thinking. Anything to justify that failure in the field I suppose. Its funny how living life behind a screen can disconnect you from reality so much. We have so much dysmorphia and unrealistic expectations from the world because of it. 
Reality is what you percieve it I guess. If you make a point of only paying attention to the beautiful people and what they do, if you can only live in envy of them, well I guess that becomes your reality.
please explain to me why female shitstains are worth anything at all
They're worth no more nor less than any other human being. People are shit, anon. We are not good to each other. And even those that do good cannot always be nice. We're vain and lazy pleasure seekers. We live in a world where some people can afford more pleasures than others. Whether thats a mixture of looks or wealth, there will always be those who have been born with advantages in life. Always has been, and always will be. No point being angry at the world though. The world does not care. No point living in envy of those people. You will not find happiness that way.
i dont really know what happiness exists if not being snuggled by a woman who genuinely cares for me
they deny me this human right
they deserve no kindness
So why aren't you fucking ugly retarded old women? Huh, a pussy is a pussy, right?
well if they're hot
Because cuntoids always let Chad do whatever to them. We used to know this before redditors and normalfaggots didn't understand the Chad meme and thought Chad meant "cool" not "good looking spoiled brat asshole who gets what he wants because of looks" the male match to the Stacy.
They would probably let Chad shit down their throat and would gladly chew it up and swallow if it was Chad asking.
Answer the question, you poofy gayboy.
There's a difference of giving themselves over to a powerful man who has demonstratable value, and getting a little pp in their buty from a smelly short guy who's default defense-mechanism is to hallucinate jews.
Even if they weren't, why should it matter? According to your autismo, sex is simply a compartmentalized act of rubbing naughty bits together and the people that possess these parts are immaterial to the act.
i wasn't the one who claimed that they were immaterial to be fair
You are mistaking a womans comfort with happiness. The only right we have is to our own autonomy. The only thing we truly control is ourselves, and sometimes thats even too much. You cannot take another persons choice and say its your own right. Thats entitlement.
I think "chad" does exist. Its a bar. A status quo. But I don't think the bar is as high as some people make it out to be - and that might be unfair of me as this board is filled with a lot of dysfunctional folk. You must take care of yourself both physically and mentally. Hygiene and focus. These are hallmarks for a healthy person, and if you really want to insist that women base their thinking on primal instincts and desires, then I would say this one is key. Everyone wants a health partner, or at least a partner thats keeping their shit together. You must be independent and also help take care of your family the same way they have taken care of you. You do not have to be a leader in life as long as you can lead yourself properly. Women will see this and take you more seriously. Being a provider for your own people is also not going to go unnoticed. 
Have and maintain a group of friends. Not only is this a great way to meet other women, but this goes back to the mental stability. If you have no friends then you will be perceived as unstable. 
To put it simply, you must live life. Fill your days with work or family or friends. This will greatly increase your chances of ending your loneliness.
lel. we had 80 posts before giga seethe.
im a wagie, bros. gotta work ma office jerb.
i actually do all of this. no one in my life knows the burning loneliness I feel thanks to women. i want nothing more than their comfort. and they refuse it to me. i love to say they're cruel or evil for it but I honestly do understand why they do that. it just hurts a lot and I wish I could feel the sweetest feeling in life like everyone else
Then my only other suggestion is to try to place that anger and resentment you feel elsewhere. Its no one persons fault. And such resentment escapes our consciousness. It oozes from us. They can tell.
Yes keep in mind it's okay when Chad rapes a girl, beats her, rapes her over and over again, rapes her mom, takes all her stuff, that's okay, abuses her forever. But if someone else does it, they get eternally fucked for the rest of their life. That's why I just fucking hate females I cannot stand them. I don't even want to look at those stupid fucking retards.
They do, all the time. It shows how females are mainly liars and are so looks obsessed, they worship good looks and pretend they don't. Their actions always betray their real thoughts and intentions.
women being mindreaders definitely seems to be true
Try finding happiness within your life without them. Then when the right one comes along you can show her the life you've built. In the words of the great and pompous Charles Bukowski - Don't try.
you're kinder than this thread deserves
Based TOPPED advocate
Gross
Same reason why any animal picks one mate but not his competition. Fucking the others is the same act but only one got picked. Sperm is cheap in biology so there's a bunch of ways to narrow it down, including choices made with variable judgement. Though I don't know why you're wasting time getting mad over a nightclub slut, there are better things to waste time getting mad over.
You specifically said that.
Hmmmm
i'm not the OP, lol, he said that not me
Then why are you replying to replies addressed to him? If you don't want to answer for OPs faggotry, don't run your mouth in his stead.
That's why we call them "turdwhores"
kek man this isn't helping my secret emerging scat fetish.
/thread
op btfo and on damage control
