has anyone had positive experiences using ssris to treat anxiety? what were the negative effects like? ive realised i can not overcome this without intervention but am worried about fucking up my brain with weird chemicals
Don't take shit without a prescription. Some people become calm on SSRIs, some become hyper. Best to get an actual diagnosis and find out what makes you anxious in the first place.
I loooove my SSRI, genuinely. I suffered severe agoraphobic panic attacks until I got on Prozac. But like >>73177909 said get a diagnosis before you take them.
I've been on it for 2 years now? And the only negative effects I can think of were doing my first 2 weeks on it. I'll list 'em:
The nausea definitely sucked, but it for sure goes away. 95% of serotonin is made in your gut so it just has to get used to it. Serotonin also affects your circadian rhythm so ofc it will get you up earlier for a bit.
Also, I think a misconception about SSRIs is that they'll make you like asexual or something. That's not the case, it just takes longer to orgasm cause the feeling has to "build up" more.
do you feel flat at all? going through the archive and lots of people are saying it completely dulled their emotions and motivation
Honestly, no. I honestly think it brought out my emotions. As a kid I used to sing a buuuunch, especially when I was happy or like having a good day. I hadn't sung like that in years, and one of the first ways I noticed my Prozac was working was that I had the urge to sing again.
Same with negative emotions. Even if I felt sad about something, it would just feel like apathetic disappointment and just kinda build up. No outlet. Prozac actually... lets me cry, let it out. It feels nice to not trap those feelings inside anymore, helps me focus on cooler stuff.
I've taken two SSRIs and they both made my Anhedonia and amotivation worse. Zoloft was the better one because it just made me zombie like. Prozac made me incandescent with rage 24/7, and it gave me ED. Neither particularly helped my anxiety or depression. I'm about start start an MAOI, which I sourced myself. I'm literally not far off from roping so I have nothing to lose. I don't need some Jew doctors approval to take a medicine.
