no disgusting sweaty moid in my house making me have to wash my sheets/clean more often. 
no one to nag me if I eat without them or dont text/call them back in a timely manner. 
no more ignorant comments about my body/weight/career from a man who thinks he knows better simply by being a man and for no other reason.
tfw no bf is the feeling of freedom and peace.
You sound kinda fat. I could architect you.
why dont people date people they actually like
no one to make you feel safe and cherished
no one to tease you and lighten up your mood
no one to hold you
Tradeoffs and all.
Other way 'round.
"architect"
Scrotespeak for manipulate and control
like someone
they seem like a decent human being
they turn out to not be
ad infinitum
Most people have some kind of emotional baggage, but especially millennial men. Even "normies" started to lose their shit when covid first hit, not being able to do their social gatherings and what-not caused some people to go ballistic. Video games, socialization, porn, --same result if you take it away suddenly. But I'm ranting.
I'll take it you've never been in a relationship if you think things work out perfectly just because you two like each other. It's not Disney, anon, things won't glue themselves together. Even if you both work hard on your problems it's likely something will snap.
no one to make you feel safe
My .38 does that well enough.
and cherished
tease you and lighten up your mood
and hold you
Risks not worth the rewards. =/=
You make it sound like you miss those things for some reason. If that's not the case, just find a guy who's not like that. Easy.
no obsessive fembot to cuddle in our dirty bedsheets together
why go on?
It's not Disney, anon
Vague defeatist posting about "that's just how life is". Sounds like the millennial rubbed off on you. Ew.
youre too boring for us to gaslight
How many cats do you have? I bet you're grim lol
Six. I love and take care of them all.
Scrotespeak for manipulate and control
Maybe sometimes people need manipulating and controlling for their own good. Without laws and advertisements, people wouldn't wear seatbelts.
Jesus, you're fucked
You shouldn't be able to force me to wear a seatbelt. I don't and won't. That's my own choice for my personal safety to make, not yours. Fuck you.
I knew it. Typical mad old cat lady haha
Right, but people have forced you to do that, and lots of other things you didn't want to do. Maybe that's why you're still alive today.
If you're complaining that a dude is telling you to clean too much that probably means you and/or your room stinks
My .38 does that well enough.
Your .38 doesn't put its life on the line when it hears an intruder and tells you to stay put.
Risks not worth the rewards. =/=
Very neurotic of you.
I'm in my early 20s.
Maybe, maybe not. Who's to say? I've never been in a car-crash, I've avoided several by own actions much to the behest of the other idiots on the road. I'm not going to penalize my comfort in a vehicle because of the off-chance some fucking moron going 70 down a cul-de-sac is trying to turn my insides into outsides.
Even if so, what's the point? 
You must have a meadows worth of wool over your eyes if you can't see the irony in your own words here moid.
Your .38 doesn't put its life on the line when it hears an intruder and tells you to stay put.
Stay put and do what? Wait to be raped and murdered? Call the police and whine? I know I'm weak but I'm not a coward. If you can't bridge the gap between "huerhur I feel safe and love moid because he's going out of his way to make me feel this way" +above+ "maybe I should shoot this dirtbag over phooey emotions and not let my SO get murdered," you're disillusioned and a waste to the genepool.
The way you're speaking is so hot to me. I would worship you.
Please explain yourself.
Even if so, what's the point?
I'm sure your cats would notice you missing, wouldn't they?
Hey, now you're making me feel empathy. Bad moid. Bad. Stop that.
Fuck off, normalfoid.
Then you owe it to your animals, that I'm sure you care about deeply, to keep yourself safe. And if you can't do it for yourself, and you can't do it for your animals, perhaps you need some level of manipulation and control exerted over you.
Look after yourself, because nobody will look after your animals if you're gone. Even if they would, they wouldn't do as good a job as you.
Okay. Fine. You got me.
I love you too moid.
Good job. Go and lavish each and every one of them with a bit of attention, if they'll let you.
Lower your standards and settle for us wretched male feminist incels you despise who would do our fair share (or more) of domestic labor and who wouldn't nag or be clingy or make inappropriate comments about your body/weight/career or think we know better by being a man
But no, you won't, because all this complaining falls by the wayside if the opportunity for Chad occurs, and even y'all hate unmasculine male feminist men
That's the beauty of it, you won't even realize you're being architected. I'm just that good in the kitchen. You won't even notice clothes getting tighter because I'd buy buying you cute stuff at such a rate the though never crosses your mind.
I can teach you how to shoot. A 38 is great but a 12ga will make sure they don't even draw another breath. I always wanted a range buddy I could also fuck.
Gals, how fucked am I if I find those misogynistic loser tier incel posts attractive? I hate my pussy for tingling right now
Stop being so picky and settle for non misogynistic loser incels instead
I didn't say anything misogynistic. Some people (including women) just need a bit of guiding. You can call that manipulation and control if you want, I just think it's love to want what's best for someone.
It's simple evopsych. I'm misogynist maybe but if I treat my person like that you can rest assured someone I don't like is going to get it worse. Those who kill their bitch for cheating, what do you think happens if he catches the other man? You don't want some pussy that will apologize to the man chatting you up at work. You want a black eye and him in a ditch then a lovebomb the next day as amends.
when someone replies with an anxious paragraph to a one sentence shitpost you know there's some sour grapes going on
cool, you're retarded
You're not entitled to sex with them, try taking a shower more than once a week femcel.
you're disillusioned and a waste to the genepool.
Ironic. Imagine trying to make someone who's putting their neck on the line for you out of their love and compassion for you into a bad thing and then calling someone else a "waste to the genepool". >>73181160 this anon hit the nail on the head.
blah blah blah men bad
"I like being alone" 
isnt a virgin
cant make this shit up
I unironically just want a roommate who I can talk to and provides me an impetus to keep things tidy
NOT IF I MAKE HER FATTER FIRST!
FEMANON! SIT ON YOUR ASS AND EAT THIS PIE I MADE FROM SCRATCH USING REAL, FRESH INGREDIENTS!
no disgusting sweaty moid in my house making me have to wash my sheets/clean more often
Oh my god, you anal-retentive cunts, just take the slob pill already. The world/your life isn't going to end if you don't shower for a day, or if the dishes stay in the sink overnight, or if you don't dust for a couple of weeks, or if the laundry or garbage pile up to the brim.
Life is a LOT less stressful when you don't let a little mess bother you.
no more ignorant comments about my body/weight/career
AHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
AAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHA
Wtf I love Yuno now
Every day I wake up from a dream of my head being wedged between Yuno's chubby thighs
Look how nice this cat has become!
Meow meow
fat ugly used up female have a better life than incels, that's obvious
you're knocking on an opened door
I'm a good guy and none of that applies to me. But I've already got an amazing gf. Maybe if you weren't like this I'd have met you sooner
Instead of acting tsundere you should do your laundere
