Why should I care for women's well-being, opinions, etc if the actual good-looking ones will not fuck me?
This attitude is exactly why women are right to stay away from you, and why hopefully you die alone and unloved
You don't have to but most people are OK putting up with that.
Well why should women or anyone else care that you care or don't care
Women don't care about the well-being or opinions of men they aren't interested in fucking either.
It's amazing how men are incapable of feeling love or loneliness. Are they robots?
Why should you care even if they are willing?
You shouldn't base your opinion on the well-being of all women because women individually deem you an unfuckable loser. You should consider suicide thoughever
You shouldn't. Also normalfags' opinions don't matter. They are all evil disgusting subhumans who would kill anyone who isn't one of their normoid groups or different posing no threat whom they consider below them while love thugs and criminals if only given green light by niggers from above them.
no, they are disgusted by you because they can sense you only see them as sexual objects. they care about many people they dont want to fuck, i have female friends (cis) that talk to me regularly that im not fucking that care alot. Women can sense youre an incel who beleives the only reason women exist is to make babies and validate you, so they avoid you like the plague
a gay could just as well ask why he should care about men if theyre not fucking them. but they dont because theyre not peices of shit
retard zoomer stop pretending as if you cared about anything or anyone
tl;dr and try fentanyl. its exactly what you need to get the fuck over yourself, or if thats too much to ask, just die
I'm not even sure what retarded scenario you've imagined happening
get help
it just works 
reap hate, receive it back
I care for women's well-being, opinions, etc even though not even the ugliest will ever date me, and even though women will just keep assuming that I'm some sort of woman hater. Because I have a conscience
The actual good looking ones are not your female counterparts.
Their "personality radars" don't seem very effective with fuckboys. Kinda strange, ain't it?
Whether you care or not has zero impact on the lives of any women.
