Why dont normies leave this poor guy alone for fuck sakes. 
https://www.tiktok.com/t/ZTRwym4Nx/
What was funny to me that those shots were taken from security cams.
I thought he was getting help
Autism isnt curable
the fucking shorts got me
I hate normalfags like you wouldn't believe
Crazy, if he didn't have the medallion, I would assume that's just the average Walmart customer.
Easy there, transphobe. You hate trannies so much you come to a board that is infested with them for more than a decade now
it's a skirt
The people who spent 20 years obsessing over this man are infinitely sadder and more pathetic than he will ever be. Dude is literally a more documented person than Hitler by these sad obsessive stalkers.
why is he using a skirt with a belt
because he's not normal
It's to be expected. I knew a fat incel manlet in my HS days that would always want to talk shit about Chrischan and really anyone else that seemed worse than himself. It was fine when were all teens and stupid but come a near decade later it lost all it's charm because the rest of us moved past that shit since ae lives were moving forward and he was still stuck in a HS mindset. He should be turning 40 this winter and even though I haven't seen him in years I bet he's still a fat incel manlet and likely even still makes these fucking threads.
Chris is the only tranny I'll refer to as a "she"
So half of the user here?
Why do so many think that teens should be forgiven for cruel behavior? I don't get it.
Dude fucked his own mother with dementia.
And still Kiwifags are worse.
CWC charm was lost after the documentaries got made on him and he went mainstream.
He started out organic, everything he did was 100% him and his weird child-man brain. The PS3 vlogs, the singing, the martial arts, the letters to Reggie Fils-aime. Even the first few people trolling him were very careful not to steer him too far off course and just tried to elicit reactions from him.
Into the 2010s he just became a tragic spectacle. The cruelest of the cruel took interest in him and just started outright lying to him and feeding into weird narratives (like being a trans-lesbian and Sonichu's dimension). That's not who he is. That's just some ridiculous performance he's been convinced into by people who simply want to see him suffer like a clown trapped in a cage.
I hope you are wrong, that just seems to tragic. 
Young people sometimes just don't have the best understanding of what they are doing. It be different if he and the other guys were out right bullying someone we knew, that shit would get toe fast, but they were laughing at some poor autistic kid on a screen so while its bad taste everyone(including myself) can't really register how fucked up that is unless you have the experiences, but say 29yo? Yeah it's clear as day something in you isn't working right if you are still getting kicks out of some poor retard that will never understand how to live right. Also as >>73178782 rightly notes, it's one thing to get a laugh at a stupid person being stupid, it's another when you reward and goad others to ruin his said life.
I don't care if you changed your mind later. As far as I'm concerned, there are no bygones.
In a just world you should suffer worse than what you have inflicted on others.
It gets somewhat vague when all it is can be summarized as shitposting
No, you're not. Otherwise you wouldn't still be at /r9k/, let alone replying to a thread about Chris-chan.
i think in a few years this whole chris chan thing is going to turn into some type of privacy gang stalking lawsuit and its going to completely change the ability for these creepy weirdos to e-stalk people
everyone who is obsessed with chris chan is a fucking nutcase. all of them. only an abnormal weirdo cares about this fucking idiot. you're a fucking stalker
Chris chan transitioned and tries to include themselves in the trans community in total bad faith, which is why they are largely isolated. They've very clearly made it apparent that they are sex pests and nothing more.
It's always easy to spot a redditor with this take. Chris has been a pathological misandrust before anyone heard of him. He absolutely hates the male body, including his own, and especially his male anatomy. Chris just drives trannies crazy because he's a more exagerrated caricature of their own delusions. He thinks he's a cute woman (delusion), a goddess (delusion), he's autistic (another common tranny trait) he loves children's media (again, tranny trait). Chris is just their own reflection, raw and unfiltered by npc virtue signaling staring them back in the face. Chris is trans and trans is chris
Ye wee sissies sound just like me haggis
Is Chris still raping his mother?
Sorry for being direct, but I am at awe that he got released just like that because of tranny privilege backed by Blackrock's ESG shit.
Anon you are posting on 4chan pretty sure by your own rules you are asking for a serious beating. 
Anon never said they were mature, anon just agreed with >>73178547 and gave a case study. 
iirc she past last year.
If left alone they would have died of starvation and homelessness by now
If nobody stepped in years ago why would anyone help chris now. Normalfaggots dont care and think he deserves it
I am ableist and he deserves it for being a retard
Dear Chris-chan apologists: Making fun of him doesn't makes you obsessed with him
he breathes (again, tranny trait)
Yeah they've got built-in software these days. They recognise the medallion, and immediately lights go off saying "shoplifter", "assaults staff", and "fucked his mum". The advanced models package up the video and post it off to the Farms automatically.
You misunderstand. Being an autist, watching children's TV, and masturbating over pictures of yourself are things that
non-trannies DON'T do. If trannies breathe, 50% chance it's some fetish of theirs that they get to indulge in public.
He's a lolcow. They're put on this earth to be milked.
More of a misery cow / horrorcow / shock at how disgusting and low a person can be cow. Who's stupid enough-cow to decide to upload every awful cringing second of it up on the Internet, because, majesty of horrors, he thinks it'll get him a girlfriend.
Remember the "audition" video for those 2 troll lesbians he thought he'd hook up with? Where he oral-sexes the air with his tongue? The man has no sense of shame. The 'tism tends to do that, but being brought up by two crazy redneck assholes who have no social values or norms applicable to the 20th Century, means he hasn't even had a chance to learn them. Then Barb's training him his whole life to be her maidservant, using her disgusting pussy as a lure... it defies belief, you'd expect he's got an uncle on a farm somewhere with a load of lady-suits made of women's skin. Except at least Ed Gein must have been a competent farmer.
He's the ultimate result of '80s consumer culture applied to kids. When Reagan decided he'd take all regulations off TV programming including kids' stuff. It's when all the cartoons with an associated line of toys came out, extended adverts for plastic shit. The original plastic shit addict. And he took it all literally because of the 'tism of course.....
So many disasters waiting to happen, and all to one fat, smelly kid with birth defects and ornery ol' cunts for parents. It just defies any sense of charity for the world, any idea there might be some slight benevolent tilt to the Universe. There really isn't. If there's a god, it's Momus or one of the many ones the Greeks had of misfortune, hubris, and irony. And he's such an arsehole you can't even feel sorry for him! Look up that video where he implied that Mike at the game shop, Chris's nemesis, was a paedophile. It was clearly aimed at getting Mike into deep shit, and you can see on Chris's horribly little spoilt-child face that he knows he's doing something deeply wrong, but doesn't care anyway.
[just to finish the post...]
That particular video is the cure for any sympathy, the nasty little fuck is as much his mother's child as he has brains to be.
Now this is some serious armchair shit
It's literally true. You can look it up. He de-regulated stuff about advertising, and right at that time is when the extended toy-commercial cartoons started. It's documented, there's no doubt about it. Is your cat called Reagan? You don't have to worship the guy. He was kind of, massively, a bumbling idiot. People mocked him all the time. I remember, I was a kid then. The cartoons I mention fucking sucked btw, except Transformers of course. Genwunner!
Every time Americans elect a new president, the world's palms meet faces. It's "we thought the last guy was a joke, the absolute worst, stupidest, biggest cunt you could possibly vote for, but this guy... somehow... is WORSE!". Apart from maybe Daddy Bush I, who was pretty much straight-out evil, ex-CIA guy like Putin (except American obviously). Had no charisma at all. Still started uinwinnable wars and stuff, and the Bushes and Bin Ladens were old chums. But you at least got the impression he wasn't senile or a halfwit.
You know there were times Reagan thought he was acting in a film where he was the President? You know Nancy's fucking NUMEROLOGIST affected the policies Reagan would pass or go for? It's fortunate that this numerologist was savvy and at least knew she was a fraud. She could at least tailor her bullshit to not get Ronnie to start a nuclear war this week.
So this fat autistic retard would have been different. Probably still a greedy grasping little fuck. Partly cos Barb is addicted to hoarding useless shit. Partly cos autists like to be surrounded by THINGS and OBJECTS. He'd probably collect, I dunno, fossils or something. Actually no, something more commercial and easier. Baseball cards or some shit. Garbage Pail Kids.
Office chair, my dude. Gotta have a comfy typing position. And, I'm ashamed to say, I could blather about CWC for hours, but nobody wants me to so I don't. IRL at least. Always sounds like you're being horrible to some poor victim. But y'know if you're gonna respect neurodiversity that means you call someone a cunt when they are one. Or a whatever Chris is. 
Still those "trolls" were awful. All of them as pathetic as he is, rubbing their hands together cos they had someone to bully. One of them had a GF but she was fat, crazy, and demanding. Sending him out for Mickey's in the middle of the night, and he did it, the big sap. She's the one who pretended to run 15 miles every day or some shit. "You should go on a diet and get a job" say a load of obese NEETs. Anyway, whole thing's terrible.
I did read basically the entire CWCKI back in the day though, before the Farms started and all that concentrated neurodiversity in one place. Back then it was funny, and sarcastic, written mostly to piss Chris off and take the piss behind his back. Then a bunch of spergs translated it all back into "normal" for some reason. Cos it made them feel useful even removing the lulz.
Oh and I am high on 3 different drugz right now. Soon to be 4. So yeah, sorry...
Hey its that chick from the new Bud Light cans.
I feel bad for this guy because he could have been more
lol. you can say what you want but you only know about him because of demon normies
i get attached to internet personalities very easy and i never understood the appeal of chris chan it felt like making fun of a downy so i never watched him or his videos or anything about him. is he really a actual retard like i used to think
*raped his disabled 79-year-old mum
FTFY
which drugz
also youre funny
Cause Chris Chan
With different parents, no autism, and the personality not of a horrible 6-year-old child you'd like to smack the shit out of when his parents weren't looking. Oh, and not fat. Yeah, with all those things he'd have a chance. If he was a completely different person, he'd have a chance. In fact there are completely different people born to other parents all around the world, and some of them do OK, yeah. Point proved.
Deregulation of cartoons was awesome for normal kids and really inspired our imagination, see that awful 70's spiderman to see what cartoons were like before. Don't ban stuff just because the one weird kid in the class makes weird noises. Your like those christchans who wanted to ban D&amp;D in the 80's.
Looks like he is living interdependently at least.
Aw thanks! I try. It's really lovely to have someone say that. 
I know I tend to go on a bit and hit the 2000 char limit. Partly cos I just type as I think and am too lazy to edit. Partly because of
Pregabalin (a favourite! bought off some guy who I appreciate a lot!)
Methadone (prescribed so I can't really get a buzz of it, since I take the same dose every day, for a long time,
so doesn't count really. Take it off the list if you were keeping track.)
Keee-rack! Crack. Smoking and enjoying and it makes me talkative but I like using alone, partly cos 
sometimes people are annoying, especially crackheads. Partly cos I'm fairly anti-social, and happy with it.)
And soon to come...
A big bag of heroin. Mostly because I enjoy heroin. But also as a "comedown" from the crack. Because the thing
about crack, is that it makes you really really want to get more crack. Fortunately it's in the early AM here so nobody's gonna
come miles to see me, but even so. What you do, is do the crack, then when it's gone you (smoke in my case, on tinfoil)
do the heroin. It takes a long time to smoke and you gently come down from the crack as it tranquilises you.
By the time you've done all of it, you're long past the crack cravings, or at least they're back to normal.)
Don't use much any more, used to be a bigger junkie, once every other day. Now down to once a week. Mostly
cos I've substituted pregabalin which gives me what I want from heroin anyway, and much cheaper, safer, easier.
But don't start any of these, on balance it's a poor decision.
Dude I watched those cartoons when I was a kid. They were shit. No plot, character, subtlety, nothing. Just some evil dick like Skeletor has invented an evil plan for basically no reason, so Prince Adam shouts "By the power of Grayskull" and turns into an invincible dude. He kicks the shit out of various evil henchmen with no problem cos he's He-Man, then Skeletor's plan goes wrong on itself because he was too much of a dick to install the drainage valve properly or whatever, and it blows up but nobody dies or is seriously hurt. He-Man makes some stupid fucking comment and the characters laugh together in the archetypal '80s Cartoon Communal Laugh Ending. That's all that ever happened. Fuck's sake.
That shitty Spiderman is from the '60s and was made on a budget of like 50c. It's shit because it's cheap. I mean Disney were doing epic animation in the 1940s, it's possible, you just have to spend the money. And they didn't for stupid garbage for kids in the day. But there were others shows that weren't glorified adverts to make kids want plastic shit. I can't remember them cos it's before my time. I'm just here to say those toy-ad cartoons were garbage and nobody cared.
Mysterious Cities Of Gold is an anime from the mid-80s. That was fuckin' amazing! The BBC showed like every one of the million episodes over a course of years, the presenter would sing along with the catchy theme song. Not many animes back then, but this is a quality one, plus Haim Saban marketed it, the sneaky fucking Jew, so he got it on TV sets around the world.
The craziest, and honestly most infuriating part about that entire scandal is that there was literally a sociopathic lolcow girl gaslighting him into doing it with the ultimate goal to basically convince Chris into killing himself.
This girl is legit pure evil, and she was using like CIA interrogation tactics she learned from her dad to try and basically brainwash Chris.
cool story crackanon
that is quite a cocktail you've got going on.
Bella didn't convince Chris to do anything. She just recorded what he said. Also, you're getting events confused. Bella planned to get Chris to fuck a girl called Fiona (aka The Suitress), tell Chris Fiona was underage, and then try to get Chris to kill himself by threatening to expose him as a pedo.
Bella is evil and the child of melanated luminescent individuals, but you need clarification on many details.
https://sonichu.com/cwcki/The_Suitress
Thanks, buddy. Just to say that, being a geek, I looked all this shit up before I tried it. Even back as a young 'un I read about LSD and marijuana and stuff before I ever took it. I doubt most people did but I was cautious. And like hanging round libraries. Actually my city's library was a huge cottage, in the gay sense! Loads of hand-scrawled messages for guys promising to be here at some time and blow whoever turns up.
I never did it (I'm a bi guy) cos frankly it fucking terrified me, the idea of someone who'd write an ad on a toilet in a library and expect people to come. But who knows? Maybe they did. No idea how popular it was, I just went to piss. But the feeling these were scary weirdoes was strong. Prob tho it was just some middle-aged married straight guy who wanted some dick on the side. Straight guys are the worst gay guys! For them it's just meat and cum. No humanity at all. I dunno if they're attracted to men or just have a dick fetish. They're very rude, and seem to think the whole "gay" thing is just some fetish, like it is for them. Dirty cock-hungry straight guys, bleh! 
Anyway wtf, that was irrelevant. Just ran out of the crack! Now the H. I can say that these drugs have their nice effects. But regular use, it's like those people addicted to slot machine gambling. It's pathetic. You get to a point where the high is crap, or absent, but you still do it, because you do it because you do it. It really IS a habit! Just a bad habit you ought to quit, that you do for barely any reason. Sometimes I've not wanted to score, and don't need to cos I'm on methadone. But I do it anyway, hang around (for AGES, he's never early, he's always late) like a dickhead then pay a ton of money for crap that does very little. Then again next day, cos it's what you do. But I'm OK, got the methadone, a lot less addicted than some I know. Plus I don't inject, and I can tell you all sorts of horror stories about people having their legs cut
Is he on bond or something? When's his trial?
off. She was a prostitute and the ugliest one you've ever seen. One day I heard her mate banging the shit out of her door cos she owed him 20 quid. She was shouting "I'll let you fuck me, I'll let you have it out my arse". He shouted "I don't want your arse, I want the money!". Terrible. Then the amount of septic legs I've seen. People injecting dirty shit into their legs, which blocks the veins, as well as the germs in the gear. So their legs get huge, huge craters where it's like more crater than skin left, on the entire leg! Big wet sores that they neglect. Or even continue injecting into cos you've gotta get it in somehow. After months of abuse, veins scar, and the scar cannot be penetrated by a needle, it just rolls to the side. You're supposed to rotate the places you use, but these people are idiots. Septic rotting disgusting idiots, poking holes into themselves for the tiniest bit, til they're human fucking colanders.
Fortunately I am a little bit fat, so it's hard to make out a vein on me. Also I am a total pussy. So I stick to tinfoil, no needles.
Pregabalin is a medicine whose abuse potential has only recently become known. Chills me right out, talkative, happy, have these silly ideas I follow for ages.
Much easier, makes me dream awake, and knocks off half my IQ, which is really relaxing.
Sorry you didn't ask for this, but you don't have to read it.
If you want my advice, the whole thing's an enormous waste of time and money. Really don't bother, not because of the scary shit they tell you (though it IS dangerous), but just because it's a fuckin' waste of time, and stupid to do. Choose a better drug. I wish weed didn't give me panic attacks or I'd be right there.
TL;DR: drugs.
The court let him out. Chris is most likely right now forced to live in a group home for tards. Concerning the trial, he is on a special tard thing where if he does not offend again, he'll basically never get a trial or be punished for his raping.
Wow. What a stupid plan! You could believe it was CIA, some of the stupid shit those spooks have come up with over the years, really retarded idiocy. But usually they don't target lolcows. WTF is wrong with Bella? Fuckin' kids today! 
But yeah Chris was bragging to anyone about his "new older girlfriend". He told Null he had one and Null said to never, ever, ever, say anything about her on the Internet, to the well-known Internet moron. As ever Chris makes up stupid codes that are just someone's name backwards and thinks he's an invincible genius. Giving away that "her son [Cole] watched Batman in the '60s" is something he's said before. When he thinks he's right, which he does, about everything, Chris has no shame and will tell the world that EVERYONE dreams about fucking their parents. I never have, but my mum's really not my type. 
But Barb's had it coming for years. When Chris wanted to sleep in his own bed, instead of sharing with Barb (and "spooning"), Barb went apeshit and smashed up Chris's stuff. Fuck sake imagine the stench in that bed. Imagine being in between them! Brrr! She's been baiting him with that horrible disgusting dried-up stinking old pussy for Chris's whole life. And he's a halfwit as well as horny, so... She did it to make him her slave, and because it's an instinct to her, she fucked her sister's husband, waving her manky old batcave is just what she does. And it worked on Chris along with all the emotional abuse and manipulation. But she, I suppose, figured it's OK as long as she doesn't let him actually get to it. But then she went senile and Chris was his usual persistent, unwanted self. So he sat there waiting til she though he was Bob or something, and down he went, clam for dinner! Jesus those videos of him licking imaginary clunge... Oh god all his sex stuff... unleashed at last. Oh, God, hast thou forsaken mankind?
What a waste of time! Still I suppose it got him a couple years in prison. Though now he's not scared of prison any more so that makes him more of a menace. Tard Card wins again. Still, I reckon it was consensual. They've always been a weird couple, he and Barb. Always been a sexual element, growing, and now it's flowered. Like that disgusting corpse flower that smells like rotting meat and is 10 foot across. Like Barb's snatch. 
Deep down Barb wanted it even if she couldn't admit it to herself. Now she's gone doolally so she can't resist forever, and Chris just waited for the right moment and jumped in there. Disgusting rednecks gonna do redneck stuff. No harm done, except to everyone's minds and quite a lot of vomiting.
Say what you want but I find the Chris Chan documentation interesting as a idea. It's such a gloriously weird thing I can't help but enjoy it. 
His life is a tragedy yes but that doesn't make it any less interesting. The same way studying war or serial killers is interesting
Yes, everything you said about Barb is correct. She's always been a trashy psycho whore. Cole (Chris' half-bro) does not know who his bio dad is because Barb was fucking a half dozen guys around the time he was born.
Barb's the reason Chris has been a perv all his life. It's funny seeing on Plebbit CWC sub there are always cum-swallowing faggots all spamming that Barb was some super religious, super prudish woman when the reality is the exact opposite.
I think if Chris is guilty of anything, it's loving too much.
They don't call Chris the "Teflon Tard" for nothing. He's gotten away with attempted murder, hundreds of murder threats, vandalism, trespassing, shoplifting, drug use while on probation, molesting underage girls (Teen Troon Squad), raping his mom, etc. All that with no more than a slap on the wrist until this last time, he spent a year and a half in jail for the rape.
It was us you retard lmao, other outcasts who were happy they could finally play the part of the bully "I may be bad, at least I'm not that bad!!"
Chris is just a good old-fashioned romantic.
Because he's an attention whore who needs the spotlight like plants need water.
Imagine simping for an ugly mommy fucking autistic troon this hard.
Chris fucking Chan managed to go to prison and NOT be raped. Meanwhile people on this board wouldn't survive a week.
Chris was kept separate from all the other inmates for 100% of his stay in jail.
In a way, the people obsessing over him are all Chris Chan deep down. That really is the sad moral of the story.
I thought your point was going to be everyone could be forgiven and change regardless of age. turns out you're just a bully victim grudge holding faggot.
Everyone ITT is just jelly because they want dat Barbussy.
It's disturbing how many spergs here actually want to fuck their own mothers. So yeah, jealous. They all need a stint in prison. After that they'll all want to get fucked by their dads.
Fag
poor guy
Bella is as much a girl as Chris is.
Leaf land would at least put him out of his misery with the MAiD program
The problem is that 99% of everything we know about him came straight from him. Chris pretty much doxxed himself for over a decade straight.
They're literally retarded it's why we don't let them vote
TTD
Its pretty crazy how you can spend years waiting for a trial in the USA (despite the prosecution having 0 proof) and then when they finally let you go they won't even declare you innocent. what a clusterfuck of a legal system.
not everyone in the world is a tranny, schizo
It's Yaldabaoth, you retard
Why was he released from jail? When is the trial?
https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jail_Saga#Deferred_disposition_and_sealing_of_case
https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jail_Saga#Bonded_out_or_Released_by_court_order
Christ, I hate anons who think they're philosophers.
I see, thanks. So literally nobody knows.
It was himself that started exposing his whole life at the internet way before social media became so mainstream. Also stop defending creepy aggressive rapists just because he's an autistic tranny. You give a bad name to every other autistic people that mind their own business.
That just read like a typical fedora post. Nothing new to internet really. Ah' MUH MOMUS! !!!! aye'th be euphoric SIIIRRR!!!!
Does any one else just not give a fuck about hearing about rape and stuff? Not trying to be edgy, I think it's bad and all that I just don't care, it doesn't make me angry or anything I just don't give a fuck. It feels like I have to pretend to be offended or angry at things I hear like sex trafficking or whatever when i'm just like, whatever.
I don't want it to go on or continue but it doesn't spike my adrenaline or anything.
We're not a lolcow site. Go to kiwifarms to be with your brethren
I used to believe this until the book gave me more perspective. He is 100% trans.
A lot of what he says is right, but this guy is too high on drugs. I wouldn't call any of this a society problem so much as it is a chris problem.
Marketing pop culture really HAS had a profound impact on Chris' world view. The way some people are fanatical about certain brands is nothing. Chris wholly and actually reveres brand names in a spiritual way. He has spent his early adult years dreaming Sonichu will become one of these brands. Chris is famous and knows it, he is exactly who he wants to be. The idea that anyone who trolled him turned him into what he is today is silly all that happened was he got the attention he asked for when he posted everything he could online.
It should be no surprise that he actually wanted to study marketing before Bob talked him out of it and he studied CADD. Consumerism has always been Chris' highest ideal. It's why only a month after being released he's catching a ride in the halfway house group van to walmart to buy a new nintendo switch.
aside from a few trolls from Kiwi Farms isn't Chris releasing vlogs and comics for the whole world to see about how he is the messiah? Even if we left him alone he'd still be making a giant ass of himself. 
but those kiwifarm trolls who talked him into molesting his mom need to be jailed.
Because troons who rape their senile mother SHOULD be hounded to suicide.
Chris chan is basically the village idiot of the internet
The village idiot is always a male because females are protected by the group where as the male is left to rot.
This is just how it is
Cwc is a fucking national treasure and deserves a true sweetheart. Fucking jerkops
I'll second this, Barb was always a narcissistic piece of shit and Chris would be doomed in every timeline with her as his mother.
I know you are trans and in a closet but. Let me correct this one.
Female village idiot is like this schizo cat lady. While it's true that males get harsher mockery, the schizo cat lady will always be more avoided and lonelier. Unless, for some reason, she is a slut. Willing to take "anyone" for attention. Men don't have that option, but at least they get to "enjoy" infamy. Think there for sure must be hundreds of people that would buy Chris-chan a drink. Even though she is trans and all. But you get what I mean. Chris's fate is sort of a mix between schizo-cat lady and some village idiot. More like he gets his village idiot reputation from his past and schizo cat lady reputation from recent past. Where people just feel more sorry for "her" rather than feeling genuinely amused. Of course, there are other factors than just gender, transitioning. Older age, more severe madness and all, but it shows. People do treat "her" now, a bit more like a schizo cat lady. Regardless if they hate trannies or not. People are weird like that.
I've never been able to really laugh at CWC's misfortune because he's just so low down on the totem poll and practically subhuman. He's a byproduct of modernity and modern medicine where low functioning retards who are total liabilities to survival are now allowed to make it to adulthood.
100% correct, trannies just can't own up to the fact that Chrischan is just your average rapehon
He's a deeply troubled autist and the people stalking him goaded him into it.
barb deserved it for making chris the way he was
He wanted to be famous and here it is -- here is the fame.
Because he wanted to be famous and he shilled himself online for years, not he has fame and everyone is complaining?
go away kiwifag, no one likes you and your stalking forum.
lol there's some autistic nationalist basementdwellers, perhaps even uncomped glownigger assets, that were trying to turn CWC into a martyr for bawwtism. They even go as far as to say the worst your life could end up is like CWC if you bee your faggot self, which is an argument to not contain your autism. The more you interact with them the more you get into crazy autistic arguing tangents, which makes me believe this is organic stupidity the glowniggers want to roll with.
Typical Gangstalking.
Chris is the final product of MKULTRA brainwashing to turn us all into consoooomers.
It's funny because it's true. The best is how (((TPTB))) and MSM constantly try to brainwash us to believe the opposite is true, that foids are so "disadvantaged."
Because normalfags and kiwifarmers are cruel. Humanity is already cruel beyond belief, but the people who torture Chris take it to newer heights or depths.
Hail Chris-Chan! Hail Sonichu!
CWCville will last a thousand years!
Dude is looking rough. Not like he ever looked "good", but he definitely looks down a middle-aged guy that just got out of jail.
that has so many likes
kiwifarms maintains a strict no contact rule. You didn't know that did you?
Go away Chris Chan, you wanted e-fame you got it you fucking autistic faggot.
no they don't retard, they have "rules" so they can claim they are good people despite being mean-spirited drama queens
it's so transparent to everyone but kiwis
Don't forget his "twin sister" who was trapped in the mirror or something. And his effeminate manners and voice. And the manboobs. He's clearly a tranny.
False. He had no internet presence before the trolls discovered him IRL in that game store and published photos of him on 4chan.
Also, that DVD was something he gave away to his IRL friends. He never published them online, the trolls did that.
The draw of Chris Chan is the same draw as Jerry Springer, people want to see fucked up freaks to make themselves feel better about their own lives.
Bro I knew what I was saying and the words that came out of my mouth by the time I was 14. Dont fucking excuse teenage fucks for bullying behavior
Wrong. Chris started his first site in 1999. The trolling didn't start until many years after that, when he molested a woman. STFU when you have no idea about anything, you retarded faggot. https://sonichu.com/cwcki/CWC%27s_Pok%C3%A9site_1
Still a higher body count than you, faggot.
Wrong, you retarded maggot. It all started when Lucas and Mimms took a photo of Chris at the game store and posted it on /v/ in 2007.
And Chris never molested Megan.
He is one of few people who deserve the harrasement for being a degenerate freak.
Yeah buddy you better rewatch Ep 3 or 2 of Chris Chan Comp History.
Normies don't know who CC is. He's a lolcow, and even the culture of bagging and tagging retards lower on the social ladder than us has died off. It's very SA era. Plus many of these freaks are now at the same level of retardation as current era normies.
He did rape his disabled, senile 79 yo mom.
Barb raped Chris. CWC is a literal retard while Barb is a manipulator who's gaslit everyone into thinking that she has dementia. Chris has told stories about Barb trying to rape him countless times.
Emily? That you?
is he trying to avoid the internet?
What a retarded fucking statement, as if kiwifarms doesn't regularly dox people.
