Hating White men is not a personality trait.
Lets say you were observing someone. And lets say that hating white men was a reoccurring theme in the remarks said person made. Not the only theme; but one which appeared repeatedly. Would hating white men not be a describable personality trait in this case?
White people are arguably the most pathetic race on the planet today - completely demoralized, institutionally disempowered, sexually perverted, intellectually misled, emotionally feminine, culturally minimized, ethnically twisted. I seriously do not understand poltards fighting for what is long dead and decaying.
because TWHF/BMD etc etc.
What?
Speak english.
Back to plebbit, boomer
There are obvious benefits to improving morale, undermining government, banishing degenerate fetishes, developing better reasoning skills and emotional maturity, revitalizing culture and adjusting your ethnic "identity" as an individual, even if they do not achieve their "ethnostate".
Consider red communist China. We have our differences, they can be pretty callous and greedy, but there is nothing like pic related over there. If a white man goes to China for whatever reason, they want him to be a wholesome citizen, they don't want to get in the way of his work or ambitions, why would they, he was hired as a consultant or something, he is not a drug dealer or a scam artist, whatever Maoist anti-colonial rhetoric they may have once had is unrelated to this. 
However in America the fact he is white and successful becomes an issue, veins throb in their temples, they want him to fail, he has to because that is the only way to achieve "equality" and soothe the neuroses they have over white people. If you are willing to violate another human being's rights for "diversity" it is most definitely a personality trait of yours. White men are living in your head rent free, driving you in every waking moment and haunting your dreams. It is only due to the white man's sensed of morality and belief you have actually been wrongs that you have gotten this far, but as the decades roll by the substance of this argument wears thin.
Wasn't transsexuality made up by an european kraut
No.
Transgender was invented by a man born in New Zeland and moved to America at 20.
John Money found a mother of 2 twin sons one of which had a destroyed penis due to a botched circumcision.
He recomended the woman just completely remove the mutilated penis and testicles and raise the boy as a girl.
So she did.
Then John Money would study the 2 boys and even had them have sex with each other in front of him he would have the brother with the penis fuck the brother without one and decide if gender identity is biological or cultural.
The castrated son continued acting like a boy and would proceed to "transition" back to his original sex after reaching adulthood and wouldnt take any pleasure from getting fucked in the ass by his brother.
After his studies on the twins he has concluded gender identity is biological and that transgenderism and homosexuality isnt a fetish/mentall illness its actually men being born with female brains.
Both twins then proceeded to kill themselves in their late 20's but they died for a good cause because thanks to their sacrifice we now have lgbt rights.
Racism isnt a personality but try telling that to the Chuds and polcels here
