why are femboys so hard to find irl? they literally like don't exist outside the internet for some reason.
this guy looks like my picrel
It's like 1/100,000
We are very rare, and generally prefer pushy. Unless you buy us jewelry:3
femboys and tomboys are abstractions. they genuinely don't exist in real life, they are simply fantasies
I wish I'd known this before fapping to them for years and losing my attraction to women in the process
Just depends on what you're standards, are for a boy that looks almost identical to a girl you're shit out of luck. If you just want a boy with feminine traits whos still a guy you have a wider selection
Because they don't look like that irl. I used to femboy bait and its all about lighting and angles. irl I just look like a normal guy.
yeah its him
etrjyhujk
A lot of femboys don't wear feminine clothing outside, for a variety of factors.
Being a femboy is more about aesthetics than your physique. 
You have to look for guys who could be potential femboys and not actual traps.
You see a small thin guy with maybe soft eyes or something. That guy would still have a masculine hair cut, facial hair, probably wearing masculine clothes and doing something manly. But he has the potential, and thats what you want.
i don't know if i should use the term femboy, they can just be attractive men.
i think femboys will often fall into the category of people who wouldn't really want to draw attention to themselves irl, and would just try to look average when not making pictures for guys on the internet.
Most of your retarded fetishes you picked up because you're easily influenced don't exist outside of very specific places like this one here.
is that DanTDM?
they are all just an internet fantasy for porn addicts and nothing else
i wish my attractive ex would come back to call all of you faggots and shoot you
We'll put that right into "wishful thinking". It really suits the topic.
as a photographer
Actually, do extend on that a little.
I'm also, amongst dozens of other things, a qualified photographer.
Because Most Homosexuals Looks Very Ugly in Real Life and the Hot Trannys are from First World Countries and are Chad only
