it wasn't even a particularly edifying book it was Use Of Weapons by ian m banks
i read a book and im not depressed anymore too
Reading fiction is normalfag behavior
how many depressed normalfags do you see walking around
What's it about? does it tell you what specifically about weapons?
stop press resumption of r9k usage has made me depressed again
Champagne socialist imagining a world where impossible technology has made anarcho-communism viable and masturbating furiously to the thought.
I think many normalfags are depressed. I think more normalfags should have depression
i dont think you've read it. i think you read a bunch of potted summaries of the culture universe and are innocent of the bits where they're paternalistic jackoffs to everyone they deem inferior
I love that book. The chair made me cry. (Assuming I am not mixing it up with Player of Games, which I also loved).
it made me mad coz of how unfair it was
Well, you're wrong, nigger, I've read all the Culture novels.
First of all, ESL, the word there would be "ignorant", not "innocent", second - Banks is quick to pretend the Culture's lifestyle would appeal to everyone and naturally rub off on everyone they meet (other than the Affront) because to him it's a representation of the modern progressivism that's been forced on the West. But he died of ass cancer to soon to see how hard America's attempts at exporting modern progressivism failed, or their graceless retreat from Afghanistan (which the Idirans are clearly based off of).
first of all, GED holder, it was a reference to the line in Macbeth "be innocent of the knowledge, dearest chuck", the implication being you are ignoring it on purpose. second, if you hate them so much why did you read them all
So, ESL, I'm going to let you in on a little secret: Shakespeare's work is rife with grammar errors. If you use it as a guide on English, you'll always reveal yourself to be the English-as-a-second-language subhuman that you are, if the lack of capitalization wasn't enough already.
hold the phone here we have a prescriptive grammar dweeb who reads shakespeare and goes "huh, lol, typo". i expect "methinks" isn't a word either is it pal
you don't hate read novels to laugh at how shit they are? 
nta you're flinging shit with
it's 10 books averaging 500 pages each. i would personally have better things to do with my life than show that kind of commitment to hatereading
