Do Asian guys feel humiliated when their women fuck white guys? Not a meme thread, I want genuine answers.
Not Asian but. The fertility rates for Japan and the fertility rates of Asian American women are basically the exact same, so I dont think white guys are breeding many of them.
webm related made me hard. where do i find the video?
No just jealous (of the girl)
More Asian women cohabitate with white men than Asian men in the West.
Looking in the bottom right corner is a good start my Asian friend. Now, answer the question in the OP.
Nah they dont lol. Stop the racebaiting, all of you.
your fellow asian r9ker here
I only feel uncomfortable when a non asian guy talks to me either unknowingly or openly about his yellow fever. If an asian girl wants to fetishize white people so be it, but I tend to avoid those girls because I obviously do not fit their criteria.
Asian girls who love white guys tend to be full on normies, tik tok users, not my type of people just in general anyways.
Most Asian women who are married to or live with white men are 45 or older. 
Young Asian women have the lowest rates of racemixing.
They 100% feel jealous otherwise we would be getting the massive anti-white spam out of them everywhere online like we do. Everyone feels jealous when they see attractive girls of their own race with another race. It feels like you're being wiped out and replaced on purpose.
One visit to r/asianmasculinity and you'll find out
I don't. I guess we feel the same way when white girls fuck black guys. Those women are just gross and not anyone we would date.
I know this is race-baiting bullshit but I've witnessed with my own dos ojos that Asian women literally fall head over heels for the most average of white men.
I have a strange sexual pecking order where I believe only white men and asian men should be allowed to breed now. That would maximize intelligence in the entire gender. A lot of non-whites and non-asians are stupid and aggressive, too stupid and too aggressive. Asians and Whites at least have brain power going for them. If those brain genes were passed on and no one else's we'd evolve a bit as a species.
Then why are Asian American womens fertility rates the lowest in the West, and even lower in the US than in Japans? White guys breeding Asian women is a porn meme, not real life. Yall need to get off the internet.
WMAF are the most common interracial pairing in the US (at least as far as statistics are concerned).
That said, it (like interracial relationships in general) still make up the minority of relationships.
Aren't Asians like 2% of the US? Must be pretty hard to date just 2% of guys
Just because they simp for the white man doesn't mean he reciprocates. Its just an observation of a a retarded generalization.
Do White guys feel humiliated when their women fuck animals? Not a meme response, I want genuine answers.
They are by far not, Asians are one of the smallest minorities. You mean they have the highest percentage rate of interracial marriages. This is, like for most races, just inversely proportional to how much of the population they are.
Nope, its Latin x White by far, split roughly 50/50 between LMWF and WMLF. Still uncommon, but way more common than Asian and white. 
WMAF is a very small minority and the number of WMAF kids born is even smaller, literally not even a percent of US births.
Nope, Asians are 7.5% of the US population. 
Whites are the only demographic whose population growth is in the negatives, and the number of mixed kids born to white fathers isnt growing. So white guys just arent breeding.
Asian women in their 50s and 60s have the highest rates of marrying white guys. Most WMAF couples are boomers, unironically. Which also partly explains their very low fertility rate. They cant breed because they are too old.
Ok retards. Bedtime. Night night everyone.
Ricecels aren't breeding and additionally killing themselves.
i'm extremely picky asian/white girl who passes as latina, and only really want to go for a very specific east asian/white or native american/white. i want my future children to look more asian.
oh very interesting, thank you for sharing
whites and blacks are their own category of violent and unintelligent, but Asians absolutely should be the ones breedings.
US racial statistics groups South Asians (Indians, Bangladeshi, Pakistani, etc.), Middle Easterners (Arabs, Persians, Israelis), Southeast Asians (Filipinos, Vietnamese, etc.) and East Asians (Chinese, Japanese, Koreans, etc.) all under one term. 
There is no way to get any reliable nationwide data on "Asian" in the East Asian sense from any official study done in the US.
ofc it isn't japs, they're stuck up as shit. look at thais, the vietnamese, the chinese, and you'll see that they're the ones doing all the wmaf relationships
They deserve it for immigrating here in the first place.
Indians and muslims have massive families so if anything the real East Asian birth rates in US are probably way lower
