The Feels man..
Lets get some feels
Jump in anons
Just in time. I recorded a little feels song for you.
https://voca.ro/1h4DKk4kEBfL
Amazing tune anon
Hit the feels
Stop complaining about your normie problems in our feels thread!
No foids or normalniggers allowed
no fuck you ill post what i want
no friend group to raid in wow with
My late nigh vent :
https://voca.ro/1k2g1Om71ItJ
pls respond
Nice bait retard
I wonder what is happening, our board is being infesting by normalfags 
They spew their problems here 
Go talk to Alyssa and Kathy in normieville
All I want is a soft thicc qt trans gf with a clean asshole and I know I will never have one
I've been here for years retard
i speak to no one, gaybutt
Every time I swipe right on a tranny I like and they like me back, I can't bring myself to talk to them.
Trans are great because they still have that male part of their brain that is really into some nerdy shit. Every time I'm surprised of a girls taste in anime on a dating app I automatically look back at the gender to make sure and like 8/10 times it's trans
i speak to no one, gaybutt
Women, amirite
Tranime is not a meme
You know what's not a meme? 4chan creating trannies
I remember a couple years back watching a livestream of sue lightning and someone asking if 'she' goes on 4chan. She then started talking about how she's tired of hearing about 4chan because all of her trans friends started on 4chan, name drops natalie (the tranny with the fucked up dick) and how she told her that she should go on 4chan. This was around 2014? before the great /pol/ migration now I find it funny because trannies lost their homeland to maga immigrants.
Where do you find prime troons? I only saw landwhales and ftms on tinder and bumble
They were very far and few between. I went on okc for a bit and change my sexual preference to trans- whatever to find some... most were horrific but the ones I like either completed the snip or were too subby. That being said I am being a giant pussy because Idk how my family or people would react if I bought a tranny back to my place.
I thought this was a feels thread, why does everything on this board have to turn into a tranny thread? Anyway, here's some cozy feels pic.
Im so bad when it comes to people whether it be friend groups one on one I just cant fucking do it and find myself extremely exhausted and annoyed
