day 147 of manifesting cute gf that has cool interests
Good evening anon. You know me, but I look a little different today.
How's the weather? Very warm, but not uncomfortably so for me.
Hello anon. I saw you decided to stop using your avatar.
The weather is good. It was a sunny day and it was quite warm. It was a little cloudly but overall clear.
he missed me but hasn't replied
he still hasn't responded
wonder what is going through his mind, i didn't mean to hurt him :(
i am really bad at words 
and am dyslexic
That is unfortunate to hear. Who are you referencing?
Make your 92835th thread to attention whore in instead of trying to ruin this one.
I'm glad to see you somehow recognize me!
I love me some good weather! Nothing quite boosts my mood like a warm, golden sunny day.
Ack, that is painful anon... I'm so sorry to hear that.
At least he misses you, right? That means he must still have feelings for you in one way or another.
What happened? If there's a story, then I wasn't here for it.
It is I, the manifestation stealer. I will swiping this immediately and the fun girl with hobbies will now be mine
someone i still think about
you're ruining the thread baka
we come from divorced homes. i had to move away. he got sad because of other guys being jerks and broke it off :(
It wasn't that difficult. Although if you didn't provide the hint and changed the way you wrote, I would probably be at a loss. So I can only guess at this point.
What do you like to do on a warm sunny day?
My powers are far above yours. You will be overwelmed by my manifestation powers that has been channeled for 147 days. Those girls will be mine.
How long has it been since your last interaction?
many years but halfway of that is when someone confronted me about his secret? idk if he told her to tell me or if she told me without him knowing.
What's the secret?
not secret i mean when he admitted to missing me
If that is the case, then are you trying to reconnect with this person?
yes but he has yet to respond, thus i am wondering how he is processing the idea of me missing him as well. or if he even got to see my text
Are you here in the thread? Can I ask you some questions? I'm not going to be here tomorrow so if you're not around, maybe I'll ask you a different day.
