99% of people regularly do shit they dont enjoy or they never had any personal interest in just because they see others doing it and wana connect with others
this is why marketing constantly wants to call portray things as "cool" to take advantage of the internal loneliness and lack of genuine connection to others that nearly everyone has
meaning the vast majority of relationships are very shallow and the vast majority of people are secretly lonely and constantly coping and trying to feel close to others by taking part in social trends, over and over
..
normalfags are just as lost and confused as us but they hide it better, hence being normalfags, and through constant distraction they might even convince themselves they are ok. this is why normalfags are just as terminally online as all of us, just on different sites
Yes, we all know. And?
people constantly complain about how they wish they were normies bc they crave genuine connections with others. but normalfags dont have genuine connections either. The normie life isnt any different from our life except that they are huffing extremely potent copium. but for autists and schizos who are immune to a lot of copium being a normie would be just as shitty as what theyve already got.
What a brainlet response
look I'm acting like in the heckin' chad memes!!!
Thinking normies aren't enjoying themselves is the copium here. They have a functional reward system that's driving them to do things.
but they at least have the potential to form connections. i know most of them form very shallow relationships but it's better than sitting in my room alone, rotting.
I don't do any of that shit and am still more attractive than at least 95% of...everyone.
This if course, even the shallowest connection is better than none. Humans are social animals, if you think otherwise, that will change and you will regret.
This sounds like the usual superiority complex basement dwellers have in regard to missing out on those critical social development milestones implying it's not really that important and just superficial nonsense. Your life is effectively over if you didn't maintain any social connections past age 25 which is why normies do whatever it takes to maintain them even if it means being shallow to be liked by other people.
