Kirkcudbright, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland edition
Having a wank over ugly Sandra
Goddess Sandra isn't ugly
Another 36 hour + thread with an ever dwindling amount of spammers, coomers and driveloids.
/britfeel/ floating up and down the catalog like an unwanted, unflushed turd
my apu is singing christmas songs in may lads, how do i stop him?
Going for a run today. Unhealthy people should be forced to exercise.
When will we have a Shropshire edition?
We've already done Shropshire
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/search/text/Shropshire%20edition/
FedEx next day delivery by 10am
still not arrived
fucks sake lads
I need The Item
Any of you lids tried sharing your wife with another man? I'd say give it a try
tfw you remember when /britfeel/ used to have its own unique op image for every month of the year each slightly tailored to the era
now /britfeel/ just has a lazily googled image of a town
Only Ancient Oldfeelers remember.
I wonder who used to make the feel street pictures
now
we stopped using le special op image years ago because everyone was bored of it
we
Who is 'we'?
I distinctly remember the 'lazy google image' op posters would and still do make the thread before it's reached bump limit (often ten, twenty, thirty posts too early) so they could get theirs in first.
no SSM update today
It over
he thinks reusing the same image over and over isn't lazy
He's working today?
Why couldn't you address me directly instead of being passive aggressive little lad?
Feel Street OPs require time and effort to make unlike your lazy copy-paste job.
Sad!
Why couldn't you address me directly instead of being passive aggressive little lad?
Buggered in the Pony Pen
Newsnight nonce
Sound spacker's total lack of self awareness and reflection is astounding.
Can't believe SSM is Jewish. Sharn't be watching anymore of his videos desu.
Less being bored, and more to do with the fact nobody was actively updating the images anymore with the current going ons of the thread.
Do you remember britfeel towers? Shame that never caught on
He's working today
Yeah. He said last night he was when he was doing weer reviews
imaginary towers
xD
Previous record: 32 hours 6 minutes
Last thread: 36 hours 16 minutes
It's where my imaginary frog lives.
Everyone stop posting so we can smash the previous record
I will never stop posting. Look at my wife. I'm sharing her, I'm not man enough to claim that pussy
What would you rather have britfeel be? What is baded in reality but is also fun and relatable to the adverage britfeel lad?
Based in*
Honestly where do people find the motivation to do things what's their secret?
Anyone had a wendys? They have them in the uk and im wondering if its worth the trek to get one?
I would recommend it. I had a Dave's Double and it was a lush
https://www.wendys.com/en-uk/menu-items/daves-double
Thinking about the baconator mysrlf but that does look good
888 calories
Fockin ell
I get no enjoyment from britfeel or life in general.
Baconator is1010 and thats not including the drink and fries. God i love shitty american food so much!
Same but i think britfeel could become a fun distration if we took it less seriously
not being depressed helps
Are you depressed anon fren?
NONCEnight news
Anyone had a goydys?
I would recommend it. I had a Goys's DoublesSlop and it was a lush
Doing a poo in the spacker toilet at work. Absolutely will not be flushing.
We all DoublesSlop in life x
I was waiting for someone to post something like this, out of curiosity whats your diet like
Monitor was sent for repair on Thursday. The tracking number shows it as delivered on Friday the next day, but the RMA status checker on the support site still says 'Awaiting Incoming Goods. We Are Awaiting Your Device To Arrive Please Check If You Have Received Your Shipping Label Or Notification From The Forwarder And Follow Instructions Accordingly'. 
Should I ring them up lads?
Absolutely will not be flushing.
Foul creature >>73185987
That second you was a misclick my bad
nothing but bread, gruel and water presumably (eating things that taste good is fun, and having fun is degenerate)
Someone probably forgot to scan it dont worry
God forbid you eat something not /pol/ approved
Yeah probably, still makes me worried. Might shoot them an email to ask instead of calling.
WHATS YOUR DIET LIKE?!
NOT EATING GOYSLOP IS RACIST YA KNOW!
I'm not fond of fast food either but it must be miserable to live like you, obsessed with jews
Why do you care about these things? Genuinely curious
Because I am smarter than everyone around me.
ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO EAT ANYTHING THAT TASTES GOOD WITHOUT IT BEING GOYSLOP
Everyone needs a hobby dont they. Reading, fishing, conspiracy theory, its all good
Because l am smarter than everyone around me.
I really like her. She's sweet and kind. Seems like the kind of person who wants a simple, no-drama, easy going life. If only I could be so lucky to share time with her. We'd go out strawberry picking during the summer and I'd be considerate of her health needs. I wouldn't let her down. I wouldn't want to lose a good girl like that. I don't drink or smoke. I'm pretty sure she doesn't either (too risky for her)...she stopped drinking a while ago.
And whats the connection between being smart and /pol/ memes?
Never meet your heros mate
jeans ripped to show off legs to chad. not smelly virgin like you.
/pol/ is a group of enlightened thinkers. We are a legion of intelligence. We see the world as it really is - we learn from graphs on race and politics made with zero sources. It's easy to be like us if you just look.
I don't think I could deal with someone like her though. She seems like she enjoys drama and would want to go to expensive places every weekend. Can't be dealing with that. High maintenance.
i wonder how nubs is
Mate, a women who wants to leave the house once a month would be high maintenance to you lmao
Years back i fully believed in /pol/ memes its scary how it can pull you in
I never went full Nazi but was a bit of an alt righter. It just felt a bit of fun but then I stopped being a teenager
I'd have no chance anyway.
Chad could still be Chad even if he never washed.
She married congo George and is living like a queen much to ebins chagrin
but he does wash though. learn a thing or two from him
I'd have to adjust to the new routine. I could do it if I had a decent job and looks.
Was feeling utterly miserable about the state of my life so I downloaded couch to 5k and did a run, first one in a couple of years. It made me feel slightly better about myself but now I just want to eat shit food and drink alcohol to reward myself, it's so hard to maintain good habits, yet I persevere.
I'm depressed af. It doesn't really make me feel much better. I'm not going out so no one is dealing with my hygiene anyway. I don't even smell.
This is what you look like when you say that libtard
I have a headful of luscious hair, thank you very much
He got told. Nobody copsplaining to AY.
https://youtu.be/PBLqYFj7vBg [Embed]
This is how your wife is getting taken care of while you type that shite
cries about the state of his life on livestream
Why the fuck so they think they have any right to see the footage? Lockdown mode if they try to seize it.
Waa in a dark place. DJ and the crew all went to support him. He's not making thay mistake again and apologised.
Keep up the good fight mate
When we're finished strawberry picking I would take her towards a secluded woodland spot and tell her how I feel.
Stfu you are not me. I would never do that. Weirdo.
Thanks lad, much easier when the weather's nice like this.
You're a real romantic. Unfortunately the modern world hates romantics and will probably crush your soul but for what it worth you have my respect
Yeah, leaving the house is too far fetched here.
I seduced my wife by offering her to a well endowed black man
I retract my respect
Can't get a passport anyway lid.
Right lads, I've got an interview for a job in Amsterdam.
I finally have a chance at leaving this miserable country for good.
Are yor becoming a prozzie?
I need to get myself down to the lowlands and visit some of these towns and villages.
elections tomorrow who's bothering to vote?
Yes, strange, short men are in high demand there. It's a research job
Whatcha researching?
This is going to sound like a larp but it's completely true and happened earlier today:
Living my best wfh wagie life this morning
Back to work after long weekend and extra day I took off
Catching up on e-mails, notice an issue with a customer account
Ask one of my reports (fat woman in her fifties) to run with it
Hi Karen (not real name), would you mind running
at that point some freak keyboard/mouse combination I perform sends the e-mail which just says 'would you mind running' to the fattest slob imaginable
Obviously try to recall the e-mail
Too late, she's read it
Get a call from my manager 30 mins later asking why I'm sending insulting e-mails to this gremlin
explain the sitch
She (obviously, yet another woman) doesn't find it very funny and says she'll have to consider what to do next
Currently waiting for probably my termination notice letter over something this fucking stupid
It Wednesday de lids x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVAHyF99NC8 [Embed]
This but unironically 
Nothing wrong with fully embracing the /pol/ mindset
tangfastics or starmix?
Ukraine bombed the Kremlin last night coooooor. Get in there.
Tooth decay
you are over exaggerating as usual you sad little cunt.
It's a lovely x
WW3 soon de lids. Get in.
sad little runt whos only ambition in life is no nut month and he doesnt even have the drive and conscientiousness and willpower to accomplish that
sad little runt, deink yourself to death
Enjoy getting drafted in WW3 while I stay womfy.
Cheers x
Tangfastics obviously are best.
Never will vote in any rigged election lad. Doesn't make no difference to my life anyway. I'm not part of society. It won't make no difference who's in. I'll still be alone without a girlfriend.
both correct, originally speaking
Morrisons jobsworths got a problem with filming the store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqXmhtN9Wb0 [Embed]
has anyone got that "phonk" edit of seas singing his cornwall song?
Silly member of the public giving the big words once he walks away. On your way NPC.
You sound drunk yourself lad
On that Wednesday afternoon wuppagrind. Will head off for some din dins soon.
It's just seethemong doing his regular thing.
welp should not have gone to outer /r9k/. 
How did they manage that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oczzso0XIuo [Embed]
Major nonce vibes.
She's always felt insecure with her teeth. Ruth has better teeth than her.
Says the biggest seether of the thread who goes on literal meltdowns?
It might make a little difference, like pot holes and such
pot holes
Doesn't affect me. Will never drive.
Will you be watching the coronation mate
Couldn't give a FUCK about normies and their normie issues like pot holes. Until someone is out there discussing how to help incels I don't care.
what do you think your life will be like in 10 years?
So what are you going to do with your life then?
There's no point having a car that could be affected by potholes. Chad will always have a better one.
Imagine watching the biggest dossers on tv. No fuck the royal family. If you slave, they are taking your taxes every year.
When a party starts to legalise euthanasia, I'll start engaging with politics.
Ruthmong attention whoring as usual I see. Loves the (you)s that lad
She's probably spent the afternoon filling potholes with water so cars can't see them. She hates vehicle pollution.
She's cute in a geeky way.
There are people using food banks while we watch "king" Charlie ride around in gold carriages and get a sparkling new hat
It not rite
https://www.disabilitynewsservice.com/lib-dems-admit-our-policy-is-to-legalise-assisted-suicide/
I'd accept free food too if I was offered it. Why cut back on your luxury spending if someone else will subsidise it?
Zoomers really careabout the environment dont they
just got a call from corporate, got sacked de lids
Can you not make shit up about her please. I don't think she would do that. She's got a lot more important things to be getting on with in her busy life.
They deserve it. The poor support the monarchy the most.
just got a call from corporate, got sacked de lids
What did you do
It won't be for mental illness if they ever do.
Fact of the day: The average wage of a foodbank freeloader is 34,000
They deserve it. The poor support the monarchy the most
Really
Where did you find that out?
A based piggie for once telling a Karen he can film whatever he likes. Love it when they get educated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LreY7CJxYo [Embed]
Fuck no. I'll be avoiding that shit like the plague. Will probably get steaming as a rocket on Friday night so I sleep through the whole thing on the Saturday.
Food banks should do what those bailiffs do and go round someone's house counting up the value of their unnecessary items. If it's over a certain limit, their foodbank access should be revoked.
I got a zoomer new girl's pronouns wrong and she went to HR.
It's not against the law to film cute asmr girls in public and post them on youtube.
called the king a nonce on break to a coworker. some bitch overheard it and reported it
From Foodbank to Farm: a new Channel 5 show where Monty Don and Gregg Wallace teach foodbank users how to grow their own vegetables at home
Fuck no. I'll be avoiding that shit like the plague.
Fucking traitor.
Dont blame you, ill watch but just so i can take the piss
Never change power fantasy lad
The same few sad spastics in the thread grinning and clapping their greasy fat hands as they post their routine gimmicks.
Bloody hell just like that movie 1984
You'll probably be alright lad, unless that fatty is very important and/or litigious. And you're a lowly grunt. 
On the bright side, if they do fire you I bet you could sue for wrongful dismissal. 
I'd go through and back up emails you've sent her previously asking her to run reports, if it's a repeated thing you've gone solid ground for proving your side of the story.
They tried to make me wear one of these.
King Charles the turd is the traitor. He is pro globohomo.
ill watch but just so i can take the piss
I'm sure King Charles will be fucking vivid to know there is a peasant somewhere laughing at his crown or how he's dressed.
It fun deeee lad!
I'm sure King Charles will be fucking vivid
Oh he will im going to turn the colour on my telly right up
He is pro globohomo.
So are you
globohomo
You know your hero ssm is a jew right?
DJ giving away free money. He's a good lad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-isny5s0_0Q [Embed]
Imagine swearing allegiance to this. Lol fuck that.
Globohomo 1984 clown world init?
He is pro globohomo.
Says the alcoholic, drug taking, masturbation obsessed, dosser.
Why won't he give his name out on the live? Everyone knows he is Nigel by now.
I was so devastated when I heard that, but it can't be right, can it?
No Jew is 'unsure' if they are a Jew
Sean on an absolute mad one today
yep clown world...we were born too late
There is religious Jewish then there is genetic jewish ssm just has jewish parents
alcoholic, drug taking, masturbation obsessed, dosser
Not a single one of those things makes me pro globohomo. I'll admit that I am a degenerate but at least I'm not a brainwashed sheep.
And a cheap used Adidas hoodie for a tramp. Nice one Bruce
No lad I've got it on good authority that she was actually filling potholes with porridge and spraying them grey so cars don't slow down at all.
A lot of pakis posting today. Imagine hating The Royal Family. Fuck off to Pakistan.
Exactly, if SSM had Ashkenazi parents, he'd know it.
Phwoarrrr can feel the downers kicking in rn me
The womf is engulfing me
REVOLUTION 
https://twitter.com/LibreQg/status/1653024620121845760?s=20
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DXe3tX_HVu0 [Embed]
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=n11j73OYqOY [Embed]
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xsPtUNB1z-Q [Embed]
Whites and Britain are forever
VIVE LA FRANCE 
JE SUIS FRANCE
JE SUIS UTOPIE
phwoarr can feel the sugar crash now from the tangfastics
Unite all whites.
Real progress always 
OwO
Invest in biopunk and better than bioshock bioutopia. Not cyberpunk.
Lets become DIVINE.
Nazism IS society.
Every true Brit is a Nazi.
Every society is populism.
Had to put down another deranged Helper the Wumpa Posse rescued from a Goon Dungeon last night. When they found him he'd been hooked up to one of those nightmarish seizure inducing pornography videos for days.
Poor little lid was completely gone. Kept screaming for his 'goon mummy' when he arrived at the HelperShelter.
Breaks my heart how people treat Helping Frogs. Little lid only wanted to be womfy and enjoy a natural life in some shady garden. There's too many frogs and not enough good owners.
I recommend psychedelics like LSD and shrooms.
Reality is infinitely abstract.
Every thought is a soul.
The only god and motive is love.
State of this lad. Based Charlie got this psycho arrested.
https://youtu.be/rav1TCc9CA0?t=466 [Embed]
Imagine how good it would feel to have your hands around someone's neck and then feel their lifeless corpse go limp
Resident turboschizo having his meltdown again
Boggles the mind corr
RULE BRITANNIA 
TRUST YOUR FEELINGS
NEVER TOLERATE
SLAY DYSTOPIA
Fuck off spamming you iToddler nigger
why won't they pull his trousers up? it's like they enjoy making him walk round with his arse out.
Meds now schizospacker
I swear to god
I wonder if the reason that the woman I am stalking doesn't have social media, is because she knows that I'm trying to follow her
All drugs are legal in Canada and Trudeau has apparently changed his mind on gun control and we may see gun rights increase. Especially since all Israelis are running away from wonderful Libertarian-Nazi-Commie Canada.
Trudeau does gun control mostly to control Israelis.
Reminder that Palestine never voted to leave Britain and Israel killed British civilians via terrorism and only exists because they threatened to kill more innocent people
Tomboy Yahweh loves sucking my ass in hell forever.
Punish Israel.
Britain is god.
oy vey
Whats eating you?
Palestine is pagan and Palestinians are radical pagans.
Israel lied about Palestine being Islamic.
Palestinians are British.
The land Israel is on is Britain.
Israel should not exist.
Britain should replace Israel.
Paganism: every girl is a god
Found out Ruth has crabs.
Not so thuggish now are they?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obGqmS2Bkcg [Embed]
I will not take the meds and have my emotions and libido taken from me.
your fucking sick in the head mate
Does Charlie have asthma? I'm wearing headphones and all I can hear is him breathing heavily.
What are brits talking about?
Well that means we're due for a second golden age mate, simple as.
Send it to every Holiday Caravan park. 
I have a friend that works at a Krispy Kreme and apparently it's been full of Americans over for the coronation.
Bill Baily's slipped off a bit
Mate, did you ask the question only to answer it with a Ruth image?
Is this an audit that goes wrong? Looks like a mong beig pulled through the station like that.
It's over for him.
No idea. Probably all that air pollution in Manchester. It's grim up there.
Is this an audit that goes wrong? Looks like a mong beig pulled through the station like that.
Charlie doesn't consider himself an auditor.
Not my Ruth. She takes care of her sexual health by not having sex at all.
Check in her knickers. Proper infested she is.
Don't be so fucking disgusting. That's not an appropriate thing to be saying about a young woman.
Ruth did the sexual thing
No she didn't, not my Ruth
Repeat
he was probably chasing the guy he always does it
Ruthmong is SSM mong all along. I knew it.
you are a brainwashed sheep givem the shitty news sources you use
Mad to think there are girls born in early 2005 doing legal porn.
Better than mainstream goyfeeds you get your news from like BBC/CNN/NYT etc
Well we're all very fond a pizza, and what could be nicer than chips?? a fry-up for brekkie's fantastic! and a beer has us licking our lips. And we all love to lie on the sofa, or watch DVDs in our beds. Then we're off for a sesh in the boozer, and its back home to knock out the zeds.
She is disgusting. Owt go clinic and get fumigated.
But just pause while you dish out the junkfood, is it really the right thing to do? if it's your job to bring home the bacon, then your family is pigging out too! why not try your hand at a salad, or a nice pot of vegetable stew. 
And go on! exercise with the family, and get healthy, 'cos it won't kill you.
This is what she wears to the gym. She wears long sleeves in case a Chad notices her self-harm scars (from her teenage years).
THERE'S ONLY ONE TIM ELDRIIIIIDDDGEEEEE!!!!!....THERE'S ONLY ONE TIME ELDRIIIIIDDDDGGGEEEE!!!!THERE'S ONLY ONE TIM ELDRIIIIIDDDGEEEEE!!!!!....THERE'S ONLY ONE TIME ELDRIIIIIDDDDGGGEEEE!!!!
It's impossible for her to be disgusting. You're jealous you could never have a lovely girl like her in your life.
Tim has the best kick on YouTube!
spam mong runs rampant and nanny does fuck all. britfeel is dead and gone. to trash it should go.
*CLANG*
It's time for stinky dosser man!!
*CLANG*
"stinky dosser man" has done an 8 hour shift today. He put in hard graft. How have you spent your day?
I'm willing to get help if I know it can help me find love. Where do I start? Or is it too late based on all the nasty stuff I say about foids?
He can't even enter the Jobcentre. Not right how they react like this. You must display your SIA licence you absolute muppet. Section 9.1 of the Private Security Industry Act 2001.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr8wB6AE9Ls [Embed]
Spent it watching youtube and playing vidya. Womfy.
working from home and packing for my business trip, unlike ssm who has been paid 0 to do manual work
Auditors will be the reason Jobcentres close down and all dossers get to do online meetings making them even more lazy.
Could AY be anymore chav christ
I'm not really into feet. Don't wank over feet porn, don't really have a fetish, but I wish my girl friend would ask me to suck her toes. Not in a femdom way either. The thought is very sexy.
Lads a heavy smoker and drinker. Couldn't believe it when he said he was 37.
https://youtu.be/U6gszEEhtYA [Embed]
SEASIDE FLASHBACK
He looks quite thin there considering
Another night of big win is it lads?
His bollocks been done in all his life.
His head looks like it's been inflated in the left image
Garn crash in front of the welly for 30 or sommet for some well-deserved R&amp;R now
He get it fixed.
lads my obese sister who is 23 stone currently downstairs having a intervention from me mum saying shes way to fat and is on the road to being on my 600 pound life so needs to make a change
so get in dgeeerg very funny hahaha fat cunt
me?
9 stone
Time for a spliffingtonshire and some dinner I reckon
/deadfeel/
How far?
Unhealthy people should be forced to exercise
If it would be cheaper than treating them on the NHS, then yeah maybe you have a point.
I think you should go down and give her a hug and tell her you love her.
SeasideJEW
The ticking of time really is unstoppable
cute lil goth in cex desu desu
Will know one way or the other soon enough
How much does she cost? They're on ebay for 25quid buy now.
Made this little spaghetti western sounding number
https://voca.ro/1otUQGzsUBL9
Listen to it with headphones. Sounds great
no
no i dont think i will
blog on.
Suit yourself friendo
Bery nice.
I heard some good tunes on localFM tonight, but they were live, so shazam didn't work. I'm going to email the studio and ask for the set list of the show.
someone is copying yourn vocoaroo links and pretending to be you on INT BRIT threads x
manifesting a cute lil leather wearing goth gf desu desu
pathetic loser alike you get rejected and denied 
cheers x
Pretty cool, share some if you find the names
I hope they are being responsible
*gives you some of his spare xp*
stalker stalked ruth right off the internet. it not right
everyone in deutch on INT is calling you gay
And? They are correct
You go to every thread on int provoking people and no one takes the bait
https://youtu.be/41N4oi4Qmw8 [Embed]
I wasn't stalking her. I love her so much. She is punishing me.
Cant be fucked in all honesty
this tripe drivel post was filtered 
good stuff.
and you still read it ya mong
*teleports behind you*
*unzips benis*
Wanna bet?
no it filtered this too mate so again
cheers x
both got filtered and hidden so yeah I win.
least she never quit when you made up shit about me...knew she was a strong feminist woman. proud of her.
actual pretty fucking great that kiddo
this was hidden to because its a drivel tripe post 
thanks again :)
Phwoarrrr me laddinghams
Good little doozingtonshire-on-the-naze this was
I'll say
Your benis has zip on it??
all filtered as well this makes the thread 100 times better so get in there
Had fish and chips for din dins. Now chilling out with a wuppa. NNM day 4 coming on strong.
Cheers x
She cuddled up to her bf that night talking about how she was warned of a creepy virgin stalker.
Scary moment earlier, thinking I bricked the battle station. Twas the memory cards cap'n, she cannae tek it when they're put in backwards.
Goodsongtocelebraterel
https://youtu.be/rqSF_9Zf0n4 [Embed]
didnt see any of these all auto hidden so get in
Hate nosiy people 
Simple as
Yep.
Wanna see?
*does a 360 and walks away*
Shame, you're missing a good comp, you get to win 1 min in a sweet shop, with 1p to spend if you answer the question.
sorry lad didnt read this as it was filtered
blog on x
Whats the point being here if your just going to filter everything
Did you hug your sister?
They just like to tell people that they've filtered them and only read 3 posts a day
Also didn't see this, it was filtered soz x
had to unhide these imho 
x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sU8RunvBRZ8&amp;list=PL75iSW76AqFmZgkYFEpKmPa1KsFmyRBXi [Embed]
the leaders of men, their power waning, refused to cooperate with mihai, wishing the world would be divided
https://youtu.be/61FPP1MElvE?list=PL75iSW76AqFmZgkYFEpKmPa1KsFmyRBXi&amp;t=68 [Embed]
a new nation was born
Din-din shall be served soon
what do you think he looks like
oh he's probably some fat, balding man who never leaves the house. don't worry about him... he's a keyboard warrior...put the macbook down and get some sleep babe. stop looking at that gross site
should I call the police
no it'll only make things worse... he's hiding behind his anonymity like a coward. stop worrying about this loser. i don't want to hear any more about it. NIGHT.
sorry mihai this was indeed filtered but I unhid it and then after two words realised it was your drug addled retard brain so hid it again
blog on x
Went to farm shop today and saw the cute chick behind counter laughing and joking with this lad
Think its her boyfriend....
thank god this was filtered you utter turd 
also hidden
now fuck off
he's larping about filtering posts
new kind of sad
not in my thread all hidden now begone vile man begone from me
Not fat or balding like footmong.
read this and now added to my list 
also im 6 stone and have a full head of hair 
thanks to my wig i look like lethal weapon the whiter guy
Would like to see a splitscreen of HHL giving a speech as marmiteman then having his tiny pecker humiliated by a goddess
would like to see him do a full 8 hours wokr at mcdonalds with his stubby fingers the turd.
You shouldn't post clips of mihah.
its james charles you fucking retard
Eurgh marmite, but your digits say, huh, go on then.
SEASIDE UPDATE
SEASIDE UPDATE
Seaside coming on strong. Swanage Blackbird singing a good'un. He's chirpin. He's 4 time higher.
aall filtered you tripe turd canadian now fuck off back to brit
https://youtu.be/qe93-vOoCnE [Embed]
Only went and forget the link didn't I? I forgot the link? I forgot the link haven't I.
Why are you so upset this evening mate?
entire thread
Quiz question for you. Do you know where the name marmiteman came from? I do
A nice drink after a hard days graft.
:(. I have a cottage in Much-Wenlock.
Im scrolling through britfeel with my eyes close haha ive defeated you all!
good thing is hidden you canadian fucking mongoloid
good advertising though ;)
Any film recs for the lads? No action films please
No please enlighten me mate
Goldeneye
The story of o
ex machina or little miss sunshine
Love the fact more ASMR goddesses are doing negative ASMR now x
https://i.4cdn.org/gif/1683144567504220.webm
all i want is something i can't explain
for you to text me right back
blog on helperturd x
Now yall jus hold on a second there pardner Yall more mixed up than a feather in a whirlwind What in the name of Jesse James got yer mind in such a stir pardner Now thats no way for a kid to be wastin his time Yer making more noise than a couple of skeletons throwin a fit on a tin roof and ya best pack it ya hear All this hollerin and seethin upsettin the womfy lads
only 4k subscribers
not fucking right.
alright mate watching asmr and chilling me before bedtoil 
you?x
The BNP were in a legal battle with Unilever over the use of marmite in a political broadcast
Who's the chillest and most sane person in britfeel?
Being a loser for cute ASMR girls is one of the best things ever!
your taste is shit, do one.
Big Nordic Penis
Who's the chillest and most sane person in britfeel?
mihai
thinking I care about some mongs opinon on 4chan shitfele of all places
wept you are a lost cause
Still a good thing to see it catching on with the smaller channels though. It's a lovely x
Shippy? You've made that joke before
Not a single one
He's absolutely nuts
Who's the chillest and most sane person in britfeel?
Nubs
helperturd getting angry off trip
what a coward. 
saved good imag
Corr, phwoar, show us moar.
Yeah that was me, but that was never my gimmick, I do remember it thoughq
He's absolutely nuts
How so?
Truckbot26 but he hasn't posted in years, everyone else is well off the rails
utter tripe general filled with mongs of the highest order.
He speaks to himself for one
this is your average asmr girl's inbox
all for the sake of looking pretty. easy mode life.
SCEA? He was REALLY nuts
T. r/mildlyinfuriating
helper turd talking to himself again
SCEA the gainfully employed family man in surrey
Personality bingo
weatherfu
shot cum all over myself to a dirty foot licking video of two girls 
amazing right off to bed night you bunch of sad repetitive cunts.
I'm that bored, yes.
T 
upper class x
Do you work at a high class call centre?
I think Canadians are the grimmest of all spam posters 
specially the Canadian ssm flooderw
Cheers x
Time for tea and biscuits and then gonna goon
great video from her mate bought some of hers from c4s made me shoot my lsoer juice she has a real way of getting up close and staring at you as she verbally tears you a new one 
blog on
Me? Just a SIMPle NEET tending to his fetish folders. Cheers x
Getting some new SPH gifs pumped out.
Seething over everycunt wanting crypto, where did all the boomer weed dealers go?
Poorly maintained squalid Glaswegian bedsit
you are a blog on drivelturd mate and no one likes you 
So get in there sleep well lad x
Why not find a woman and settle down
Also blog on turd lad do you have more Gibi humiliation gifs? great stuff thank you
Very nice, I might have to get it myself. She is super sexy and her voice is too. I have always loved her content. Plus the double L she does is the best.
Goddess Venus
Lovely garn save that on if that's alright with you de lid x
Cba right now.
She looks like she should be fat.
Women don't date neet men.
Men date neet women.
HHL is to the white nationalist cause as Moni is to the Pakistani supremacist cause
obese loser sign lad blowing the back out of an obese stubby fingered 40 year old autistic dosser called Sean whilst he necks a rustlers and obese loser sign lad gets him to spit it out into his mouth dirty cunt 
both their rotting teeth from the sugars and carbs and alcohol
We need a man like HHL to lead our nation forward
This is our safe space. We can talk dirty about asmr thots until the crack of dawn.
more Gibi gifs you retard 
imagine what choices you made to be spending your free time writing that post out you utter dongw>>73190018
Trip back on turd blog on
He's a pathetic little worm
Fat line of coke on a fat juicy cock
agreed and he wants obese loser sign turd to bum him as they both neck a wrustlerz at 3 am Coooor imagine both their rotting teeth and big round fat guts sliding on one another
Virginoty maintained well into his 30s
I haven't drank alcohol for over 4 years
Dirty thick slags.
have a son 
coddle him and allow him to doss his life away with addiction and laziness 
he is now 40 still heavy drinking with no teeth and a big fat gut lviving in his bedsit all alone 
pathetic disappointment.
Coooor imagine both their rotting teeth and big round fat guts sliding on one another
Chuckled at this
What the fuck is wrong with white lads?
all the sound lads have fled leaving only the most lowest iq dregs of this shitfeel trash general 
Sniff my sweaty unwashed shit stained arsehole wahey
I'll snap that drone in two
https://youtu.be/M0bfLT31anA [Embed]
no you won't wagie back to work. low iq little man. cheek of it.
Struggled to maintain an erection
tried to suck his mate off who uses him for drugs 
blog on x
Testosterone levels so low that a phlebotomist assumed it was a blood sample from a woman
Im so glad i dont have a trip
His life revolves around britfeel
Mackem micropenis
has this tab open 
comes here all day 
smells like shit 
spams and routine post 
blogs on 
yep its a turd.
low t means you have a full head of hair at least unlike me
howling you bald obese ugly cunt.
stairs must truly be a battle for you?
A bloke runs into the toilet, his trousers quickly come down, he spreads his arse cheeks
*BRRRRAAAAAAAAAP*
HHL performing fellatio on a scouse bloke for a waggington
blog on brother
Someone's really losing their temper tonight aren't they?
britfeel will have a massive cumback when new blood joins us during the summer holidays 
maybe some girls will start posting with us? With sexy feet maybe 
I hope so heh
yeah stairs are hard but I still do them and am planning on going running again soon and losing weight, I am not gonna give up just yet
Seeth hours are upon us
Try cycling its more fun
oh fantastic lad did not know you was running blog on and keep up the hard work remember it a lifestyle change and if you will it it is no dream man x
look forward to your glow up babes &lt;3
Point out the lad who's lost his temper. You won't
foot turd is utterly the worst poster here and a mentally unstable man truly not working with a full basket of apples a few screws missing not all the knives and forks a few spoons off a full set a few cocks in me arse whilst I sniff poppers dressed as a girl
Remember yesterday when I posted about the woronation getting wancelled if Russia nuked Ukraine?
Well....
https://twitter.com/igorsushko/status/1653825598207434752
I used to do a lot of that but haven't in years. Maybe I will take cycling up again, thanks for the suggestion. I like how you can exercise and travel at the same time. With running or walking I can't go as far.
Thanks for the support anon that's good of you. Terrifying pic though!
There's lots of posts laddie, dunno why you'd pretend otherwise. Here's a few
Two of these were mine not telling you which ones though babs 
dont give up lad otherwise I will call you a fat cunt
Seethemong on a mad one tonight
Not going to happen tbqhwy
Ruth's shitbox and tuppence
walk into britfeel towers 
see obese loser sign lad getting bummed by stubby fingered Sean 
take a video and upload it to motherless 
garner a cult following and earn money by feeding them both rustlers and widers all day and filming the gainer process 
make myself a big name in the gay fat scene 
have them take out life insurance 
feed them until death 
Collect get in there my leeeeed
laxative in the britfeel soup
Nikocado Avocado did it first
Sean is off trip seething at the list calling him out.
SAD!
cooor going to buy some human girl shit from all things worn 
t.helperlad
garn beddingtons me and watch some youchoobz in bed yep 
staying comfy tonight not weers as saving myself for weekend like yep
Blog on brothers of British feels x
HHL has sexual fantasies about black men
he does indeed my British feelers friend 
he does indeed.
just dawned on me helper turd is so retarded and or lazy 
definitely lazy 
he never cooks an actual meal and or definitely CANT follow a recipe and cook Jesus wept. no wonder all he can stomach is smiley faces and slop from the Turkish men down the kebab shop. proper dire life the sad cunt.
He has his big dinners that his mam makes him as well though
HHL wants a gf so he can be cuckolded, but can't even achieve that
right garn bed me going to get myself into bed after a long day of wanking and spamming off trip into bed and sleep rest up keeping it comfy
Sleep and food is all i enjoy anymore
attached gif of obese woman who retches and recoils when trying to eat a sprout on tv 
This is helper turd when he try to eat green veg haha that not peas haha hehe haha hehe
Sunderland slob
NECK THIS!
Garn beddingtons, garn youtubeingtons
garn abuse alcohol garn text me redacted
Meatless Maverick
Insert joke about Sean's soft willy etc. etc.
Why are we having a go at him tonight anyway? Wish there'd been a reaction like this when he was threatening to fucking stab people and murder their families.
Garn set a timer garn be a letdown to my family again garn stay up till 9 am talking to myself garn
Garn spacetime shower, garn play footy with spacker FC
Helperlid faltering before not even a week has passed. No Nut May is going to be another complete failure. He's going to end up having epic Gibi wankingtons-on-the-naze soon.
garn no touch penis garn sit in my bedsit garn buy new wifi garn waste my life in front of a screen garn have a hardware failure and lose all my saved images garn
Flaccid little shrimp in Sean's pants
Garn beddingtons now, garn beddingtons after this weer, garn beddingtons after this wustlers, garn beddingtons after this Wagginton, garn beddingtons after this goddess ASMR, late one for me, garn beddingtons soon
Garn have a weltdown
we will all meet on an island after a plane crash one day the britfeel Lost saga it will happen 
I am genuinely garning bed now though work tomrorow unlike most of you sad creatures x
Garn put me wollocks in a chastity cage
Ruth's bum
Garn posting is highly entertaining 
cheers x
Garn watch me mate shag a Prostitute I paid for
This lad who's still in school has had more pussy than you ever will. Society has more respect for him than a neet.
Garn have a violent outburst at Park Lane
Wempted to order a cheeky webab now that it's been mentioned phwoooooaaaaar x
course you will lad and let me guess watch a film and get comfy or have a wuppa 
attaches frog image 77778
most men in their 30s have images saved of their family and friends and memories. noncer
Garn expose my back passage in a back passage
No you will not comment on her anatomy. Rude turd.
Go on mate have a few wkds maybe take some heart relaxing drugs as well and drink a whole bunch of wuds and neck a few wkds what will happen is your heart will slow and slow and finally stop causing your death from drug and alcohol on toxicity x
Doubt hes had more pussy than me if he's 16 and I'm 30
Gonna smack you about if I see you
garn have a garn on the garn if that alright with you?
we incels ain't getting none. never. fuming at this lad.
helper turd sucking the cock of an obese loser sign lad whilst they both scoff a rustlers microwaved by asmr stalker lad who plays role of the fluffer
I'm a very weak person. Can't lift shit for shit. Got no bicep muscles whatsoever
New family guy wepisode (The Bird Reich) just dropped on Wisney+
That will do nicely. Cheers x
garn make the nanny aware of some advertising for a cartoon show me 
cheers x
Need to spaff into arse and pucci me
If your under 25 theres still time to fix that
If you are 
insert arbitrary age 
you still have hope
I am 23. Too much going on to go gym
Buy some dumbbells or something lad they're not expensive
That was a much quicker thread
Fuck garn for a webab wrap me.
I upped the hate mong drivel to push it over the edge x
cringe and gay blog on x
Thanks mate much appreciated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73QompNtOLw [Embed]
Only went and got meself a webab wrap de lids. It on for free x
Isabella is so gorgeous. She calls you (the viewer) a loser in her recent school bully roleplay.
Very nice! I will give that one a watch cheers HHL!
No problem lid, I'll clip that bit and make into a webm later.
Funny to see how one of the deranged autists hates the other one. Like watching a chimp attack another chimp in a zoo.
The webab wrap might not have been a great idea de lids. Feel bloated now.
It NNM day 4
Watching some American Dad now
Cheers x
That webab wrap has made me feel sick. Washing it down with some Wr Wepper.
Society would be better off if Jews didn't exist
Hope Wabour win big tomorrow.
Fuck the tories x
Whyd you hate the tories
new threadingtons x
Why not? Their only purpose is to surpress the working-classes. Fuck em.
what you lads doing? i'm trying to not touch my penis right now.
send help
