Why can't I feel normal and happy? Why the fuck am I still depressed and angsty even at 22? When the fuck will it kick in when i'm done being a whiny depressed faggot? I done everything I tried to be normal and i'm still not fucking happy..
Happiness is your brain comparing your current situation to your worst moments.
In order to be happy you need to suffer first and then become comfortable.
Might as well take some mushrooms, dude. Society was messed up when I was that age and It's only more crazy now. It does wax and wane like the moon though - just like our emotions do throughout life. Early 20's is tough, but you'll have a better control over your emotions by 25. And then, as you amass more data and gain a broader perspective of the world as a whole, by lets say, age 30; Then things that make you experience angst or depression now, just may not even bother you at all. But the mushrooms, they helped me a lot and I took them the first time around the age that you are currently. And ask yourself: what is normal and happy? Why are you depressed? Our society has some strange conceptions now of what that is; To be happy, I mean. But going on a trip with mushrooms might enable you to truly see what makes You happy - What makes You feel 'normal.' At least, it honestly did with me. Because I was about to opt out of the whole game completely and then I had some really deep thinking and neurological healing that took place on those things (over a few occasions) and I found out that I could just change my perception of things entirely. There is a door to perception, waiting to be opened. And you can turn the doorknob and open it with many means. But one of the most effective, in my opinion, is with magic mushrooms. And the set and setting is important, if you have not tried them. Being in a safe spot the first time is ideal, where you have access to some of your favorite music, can maybe watch a movie or something, if it gets a little intense. But what will happen is the mushrooms like to help people face their emotions. I liked to use the analogy: It's like looking at your soul in the mirror. It might be a little uncomfortable at first. But why? And what's there is the negative built-up energy from our lives and we can learn to just remove it. It's not absolutely needed, the mushrooms, but that is my input to your question.
Why would you do that?
Seems like your brain is fucked. You're in deep shit buddy. You have a long life ahead.
it gets worse and you'll learn to live with it
i just think about what happens when we die and i am literally living for that moment when i find out
just get the right mindset and the only thing you'll feel is boredom since your goal doesn't involve anything this world has to offer 
it ain't bad anymore, just EXTREMELY boring
I'm a 21 yr old unicel and exams are approaching, I hate this part of the semester with a flaming passion. Studying all the time with no socialising. At the end my reward is going to my hometown where I have no friends, so I just hang out with my family all summer, tho that's not so bad I guess. This week has been especially rough because I've had a fever and I haven't done any studying at all so I'm just really stressed rn.
when i get sad thoughts, i just hid my head with a hammer. no more thoughts.
