KHHV
6'2 
Not repulsive face and fit 
Women glance at me and complement my deep voice when I'm forced to engage with them
Too fucking autistic to get beyond small talk because of retarded, inept social skills
All the 5'9 socialmaxxed dudes get all the hot girls at uni
Pain 
Socialmaxx or no pussy, anons
why do people keep posting fake shit like this. we know you're an anti-blackpill simp or a woman turdwhore. 
5'9 socialmaxxed dudes get all the hot girls at uni
literally never happens lol you're just outing yourself as never having been educated. retard.
why aren't you socialmaxxing then retard?
I'm guessing zero rejections in your life time, zero attempts to talk to women when you're not forced to, and zero attempts on dating apps for any fat/ugly girls there.
Tall handsome men do not get rejected, start conversations or use dating apps.
Its not a real relationship if she wasn't eager to get with you from first sight and you met in a natural coincidental non-forced environment (school, church, etc.)
If you look for women its just prostitution, simple as. Has to happen naturally or its not real.
Also its a fake larp, retard turdwhore. No man 6'+ does any work for a relationship, so OP is just lying. Women straight up molest tall men and grab their junk to show interest in public.
This reads like it was written by an Elliot Rodgers A.I. When's the last time you had a conversation with a woman, bud?
I'm autistic, anon. That shit don't work for me.
Autistic, doesn't work
Women straight up molest tall men and grab their junk to show interest in public.
You are confusing "tall men" with "extremely attractive tall men".
Got it, you've never tried in your life and you want to just wallow in self-pity despite already having some success.
Learn to respond to more than one person at once newfag.
seethe mald cope dilate and touch grass. simple as. stay mad ass blasted and enraged.
Dating apps are ass. I've tried dating with those. Never works out. Women show initial interest, but back off after interacting with me in person. Best I can probably do is find an autistic girl that's equally socially retarded.
Women show [...] interest
Loneliest """incel""" in 2023. Date more women lol. Almost everyone who dates strikes out with certain people. Nobody can click with and fall for anyone they want to initially date.
It has nothing to do with your behavior, moron. Its your height and face turning women off after they meet you.
cope seethe mald and dilate. numbers game is just arranged marriage with an algorithm. the only real relationships are those formed through genuine romantic love in coincidental meetings that end by the end of university.
Stop trying to get men to be simpcuck loser retards for whores and sluts.
no such thing as "clicking" retard dishonest bimbo turdwhore. its just a euphemism for a woman finding a man tall and handsome enough. (6' and 90th percentile face)
have you tried going for drinks?
I'm First Nation tree nigger. Can barely drink without getting redface, sick, and passing out. Tree nigger genes don't like alcohol.
im 6'4", definitely not ugly but hard to obhectively say handsome. some people find me attractive and some dont. just regular, probably. insecure about it desu. i catch women looking at me in public and idk if its because im ugly or attractive.
i have 0 rejections etc and never talk to women unless i have to or friend-of-a-friend. barely talk to new people. shy to talk to attractive white people but asians and blacks and spicks is easier for me because i feel like i relate better (tho thats rarely true).
I am probably extroverted but have literally crippling social anxiety. Sometimes i overcome it and when I do, i notice that the people I talk to usually like me and for some reason enjoy my company at least enough to keep talking or keep me around. Almost everyone i get the balls to talk to ends up a friend.
I guess i dont know how to get out of this. Im very depressed suicidal and generally blackpilled. But talking to other new humans in real life, just for a few minutes, often makes me feel so much better... i can rarely muster the courage and come across cold, unfriendly, and perhaps a little psychotic even though im not. I just want someone to talk to me and say hi... i feel so alone and sometimes feel like crying in public and i think that the people around me, e.g. in lecture rooms, can sense my vulberability.
I feel you, Anon. Life's rough. Hope you find something special.
