Where do i find a moid who will support and engage in my rape fetish? None of this cnc bullshit, him just raping me at random. Most moids are too pussy and don't want to engage in this fetish with me, preferring to call it cnc and make everything all flowery.
There's probably a decent chunk of dudes who'd be into it, the issue is they don't want to run the risk of you one day going to the police and saying you were raped and then they have no defense.
how old are you? you have to be below 22 to have this retarded of a thought
I don't even know how to report crimes to the police. And i think rape is the purest form of love, so i wouldn't do it to begin with. Plus the police in my city have bigger issues to worry about than some white girl getting "raped"
i'd love to rp it but everyone i see on this board says they're tired of rping so what am i supposed to do
18
No, i need someone to rape me for real
unfortunately for you, from the moment you started wanting it you became unrapeable
once you get over this fetish and stop wanting it, then rape becomes an option again
I'm way too fat and weak to manage this sorry
The majority of men are into sadism. Shouldn't be hard.
Cops take this kind of stuff pretty seriously. Once you're not clouded by horniness anymore it only takes one small thing to ruin the dude's whole life if you so will it.
Also are you sure you want to be "raped" because if you want someone you're in a committed relationship with to "rape" you then it sounds more like you're into free use rough sex
Tell me you live in Britain and we can make this real
Send me your address, and one day after you've forgotten all about this post, you'll hear someone breaking in, and you'll know you've fucked up.
Based
Damn this is what no father figure be doing to niggas. You're just another BPD roastie who isn't worth going to jail over
Hmm... Good point
Sadism if it's consenual bc they're absolute faggots
Maybe so, mainly because if i rape bait for real i run the risk of getting murdered or getting a disease and i really dont wanna deal with that. That's why i'd rather have it to me with someone i'd trust.
Nope, ohio unfortunately. And my city barely has 500 rapes a year.
This. You just want to be man-handled and used roughly, especially impromptu. As nature intended for primates. Find a real man over 30 that eats healthy and exercises regularly and you'll find the pussy pumping energy and lust your abusive childhood made you crave. As other anons have said sadism is pretty popular in this era.
Unfortunately not willing to book a flight, good luck on your rape !
Contrary to what you believe i have a really good relationship with my dad. 
Thank you, i didn't even have a bad childhood desu, maybe if i got beat enoguh as a kid i wouldnt have this fetish kek
pic is that close to being perfect
oh you actually live in ohio
same, wild
I would do it. Would be interesting to me
I'd do it 100%. None of this tepid "trying to get you in the mood" shit, just take you whenever, whereever I want, and if you act reluctant your hands are getting tied behind your back
As others have said though that's a little different from rape RP. It's cringe as fuck if you fake scream and pretend you're scared for your life. For men the common fantasy is having a sex slave, not ambushing some random woman in the woods. Dudes only do that shit if they really hate life or are too dumb to conceptualize the consequences of getting caught
Yep, unfortunately that's the case. Almost all men actually do have morals and wouldn't be able to do something like that without compunction.
Sure, they can act tough when they're horny and talk about it online, but they wouldn't actually do it.
There's nothing more disappointing than asking him "would you actually do it?" and his reply is something like "lol not really I'm not a monster".
And like you said in another reply, baiting in real-life is so dangerous... and just not the smart choice. So that's just a tough situation to be in.
If your fetish isn't just focused on hardcore rape, you could maybe look for predators online and pretend to let them groom, pressure and threaten you into doing things. That's fairly safe and can also feel very real. But if you want the hard stuff then, yeah, you would have to play with fire.
Whatever city you're at, i'm sorry for your loss.
Really?
See? You fucking get it. How do i make myself sex slave material?
Where at in Ohio?
Amelia. It used to be affordable, and shit was a lot better 3 years ago, now prices got all retarded and every day here is more miserable than the last. I was talking to a guy today about the Kentucky HONK program, said that he got a 4bd house for 800 a month. Seems like Kentucky's where it's at.
btw I could rape you but I'd probably have to leave you and go to my job, I do a lot of driving for my job and having a girl I could rape to release some pressure might be fun
Usually when you arrange to be raped, the man stalks you for several days (or longer to make you guess) and observes your daily routines, then abducts you at an opportune moment. Maybe he even doesn't use the word that you agreed on, to make you second guess if it's really him or an actual stranger!
So no, he wouldn't just go for some random girl.
What color is your hair? I would enjoy enslaving you.
will OP doxx herself and wait for some anon to rape her when she least expects? keep us updated
If you look like this image I'll forego logic and go for it
Yeah why not? Im always down to try something once. But knowing this board, its either a larp or a setup to get jumped
Agreed and i like your suggestion honestly, but i've been groomed before and idk if i want to relive that experience kek. It does sound kinda hot tho
Cleveland
Shit, that's super far away from me. Seems like there aren't many robots in northeast ohio.
That's what im worried about lol
Brown, but i'm white
I fucking wish, she's adorable. Same body type though
I wouldn't win in court anyway, plus most men enjoy raping women, more than you'd think.
I think I would fuck your pussy then your ass then switch back and forth, back and forth, until I cum.
Have anything i can contact you on? Also are you in the northeast ohio area? I can't imagine someone willing to travel that for to rape some mentally ill girl kek
Yeah. Discord. But im not in Ohio. I only travelled for Pussy once and it was for a girl who looked like someone on OnlyFans with huge tits and ass. So uf thats you, I will think about it
It's probably true that if it's something pre-arranged, then it could end up feeling like she just "lays there" for the guy. I'd assume that the sort of guys who are rapists would vastly prefer to see someone in genuine terror, her body responding to the danger she's in.
Ironically, for someone like that, it might be more arousing to confront a girl with her phobias (like grabbing her hand and putting a spider in it), to see that genuine fear, than to rape her when she's actually into it.
Well I don't know you, I don't know what your personality is like, but you could probably pretend to be more passive, innocent and pliant than you actually are (which attracts certain guys...) and just play that role for them, without it feeling like pre-agreed roleplay or like you "yourself" have to go through a bad experience.
If you can't fathom why this is, I'm right about you.
lmao, you shoulda posted this 2 weeks ago
I was in cleveland for a week and coulda trial raped you, there's probably some robots who'll rape your dumb ass, no worries. Also if you live with parents, don't get the person raping you killed if you can control it. Maybe try walking late at night and have him throw a roll of paper towels at your body after you get beat and fucked.
Name, address, height, weight?
even doesn't use the word that you agreed on, to make you second guess if it's really him or an actual stranger!
How exciting.
I imagine it'd probably be more rewarding to go for a woman that didn't have a daily routine. If this were me I'd go up north and keep track of a woman that only goes out about once a month to run errands (or grocery shop). Stalking her back to her house would be the best approach I think, and when I catch her she'd be too nervous to decline my advances and I'd just take her lack of protest as the okay to put my hands on her. She'd probably be nervous to have anyone over in the first place, so the extra intrusion and creepiness is a bonus. I'd pin her down and kiss all her points of insecurity on her body too for an added effect; how degrading it'd be for a rapist to engage in foreplay. When she's bewildered I'd finally rape her and make fun of her for liking it afterwards.
I'm pretty cute, but i'm definitely not worth that. Spare yourself the effort, i have small tits and just an okay ass as well.
Yeah, i feel like manipulating my personality like that will definitely make me feel less shameful and otherwise just, shitty.
If you are a man who isn't willing to rape a woman, you might as well just start estrogen.
Unfortunate, and i live with family but i should be able to hide it pretty well as long as there's no noticeable bruises.
Not a big fan of rape but we can watch Lilo and stitch
pug#7309
For you it's basically like roleplaying, but for the men it's real, which makes it feel real. They really ARE abusers, they really ARE predators, they really DO want to take advantage of girls. For me, that sort of man is a big turn-on... but everyone is different so maybe it's not for you.
But yeah, there are also certain places online where you can talk to men who are into rape (literally just reddit works), and maybe find someone you like, but most of them are just horny and will say anything without really meaning it, so that can be annoying.
why isn't this guy banned yet?
We Can still dm if you want but good luck out there. If I was in the area, I would do 100% do it
epic way to get back at your ex-gf anon, and great way to troll
lmao
I tried reddit, posted on a lot of rape subreddits. All of the people who wanted to rape me lived far from me :/ why is there no one in ohio who wants to rape women?
Kek you're fucking insane but i wish you luck queeen, assuming you're not just a man doxxing your ex.
Theoretically this is also my fetish and theoretically I am close enough to Ohio with enough money to make a trip there, but theoretically federal agents may be looking at this thread, so theoretically I will simply allow you to fantasize on actions I may or may not (may not, FBI man) take.
Theoretically. Hot images though, I've been saving these into my folders.
why is there no one in ohio who wants to rape women?
I'm from Germany so the guys I talked to there were half-way across the world...
There should be plenty of men near you. Have you tried being a little less forward with asking for it? 
Did you get successfully raped in Germany? What did he do if yes?
Nah, out of the guys I talked to there was only one who was somewhat nearby and I never advertised as wanting to be raped anyway, I just wanted to talk about my fantasies. 
no thanks
The joke used to be that German porn was the weirdest so perhaps you had some odd fantasies.
You aren't attractive enough to be worth the risk
yeah women showing fear and crying and begging me to stop makes me rock hard, then turning her into totally fucked up sex addicts and getting her fucked up on fen and shit then seeing her cracked out zombie ass on skid row completely dead inside yeah that's the good shit
even better would be making her remember the beautiful thing she used to be and hearing her howl in pain nnnnnn
based and "going outside to actually act on the fetish is scary"-pilled
hope you get yours tho
I'll rape you, choke you, beat the fuck out of you and then after I'm done with you I'm going to tie you up, wrap bricks around your ankles and body and throw you off a fucking bridge into an ocean or a river where nobody will find your stupid fucking ass ever again.
I'm in Australia. You gonna fly over to let me rape you daily?
You don't sound like you even believe it yourself
Bitch fucking try me, you stupid fucking females are worthless, the only thing you're good for it's fucking other than that you're just a fucking meat bag. I hate female so fucking much worthless fucking cunts.
oh look a barking dog
Are we doing this or what bitch? I'm going to come rape you and then when the fucking throw you in the Ohio river. I could hold your head under the water so that you drown lol that actually sounds fun af
rape fetish is way to risky. all it takes is one time nd next thing you know you are arrested for real rape.
in the Netherlands, that's where I am.
Just go to any black area you stupid white bitch
Do you have a fat bastard fetish as well? If so I am your man
yea I'll do it, where you from? Pack your bags and move in with me tomorrow and you can be my sexdoll
suddenly a lot of guys showed up to reply to the OP
waarom kan jij geen nl vriendin vinden. het is toch zo leuk in dit land
Why do trannies always have the absolute worst and most fucked up fetishes out there?
wil een religieus joodse vriendin, dat is iets moeilijker dan een nederlandse, en had een paar jaar geldproblemen (gelukkig weer opgelost).
OY VEYYYYYYYYYYYY
ja ja, ieder z'n ding
If you're the same femanon looking for a stalker, I'm sorry for ghosting you in a previous thread of yours. I'm not in Ohio unfortunately but NJ for now. I assume you want the whole package? Would you be satisfied with a raping stalker, or do you strongly prefer a stalker rapist?
I want to indulge my stalking personality for someone who will enjoy it for once. Really unfortunate you aren't nearby so you can be a part of my nightwalks. I'd scope out your home and watch you from outside your bedroom window multiple times a week (but as randomly as possible to keep you on your toes).
what? are you retarded? if it's actual rape then it would be something you DONT want. if you want it, then it isn't rape
We all know what they want is 'forceful surprise sex' but that's not exactly as hot nor powerful a phrase as simple "rape".
I live in germany, and one of my biggest fantasies is to forcefully impregnate a woman and stay with her forever.
I'm drunk but I'm tired of my gf. She used to pull that not tonight shit but we had a talk, she wasn't fully convinced but I wasn't asking. I stated plainly she doesn't get to say yes or no, it's called sex for a reason. I have her trained now so I just start taking her clothes off and she understands that means sex is happening. Not sure if I want to bother training another woman.
How old are you, are you fat, and are you a clean person? I'm not moving to fucking Ohio so if we work something out it means you come live with me. No friends and no job. I want all your attention on taking care of my place and keeping your holes warm for when I decide to use them. I already know you can't cook but if you're trainable that's a plus.
bump in case you come back
I would. I have whole fantasy of abducting, locking up and raping girl until she's pregnant. Then I hope hormones and stockholm syndrome will kick in and we stay together. If system ever collapses and laws disappear, I'm definitely doing it if by that time I won't have a wife. I'd want to rape her until she's molded into wonan who accepts her fate of being mother to several children and accepts that I'll be using her because she knows that as long as she's mine she'll be taken care of in other domains of life. But I'm in eastern europe so you're out of luck.
I mean, no, I'm not going to engage in kink that's actually non-consensual. You seem retarded and confused
BECAUSE THERES LAWS AGAINST THIS SHIT
you have a hissy fit one time and the guy goes to jail for 30 years
you aint worth risking that, stupid hole
