I keep thinking about her all the time. When I look at the beautiful scenery outside, I think about how nice it would be to hold her hand as we walk down the sidewalk together. We would sit in the grass, basking in the sunlight as we enjoy a picnic together.
I want to show her music I discover and get her opinion; I want to watch anime with her, try out some new games with her, talk to her about my day.
Playing the piano reminds me of her; studying reminds me of her; waking up reminds me of her. It's as if she managed to engrave herself into the very fabric of my mind during the time we spent together.
I want to untangle all of these emotions I feel for her, despite how much I liked her. The image I have of her in my head lingers wherever I look, haunting me.
I cannot help but sigh every time I think about her. My feelings for her well up in my chest and make my throat heavy. I heave, trying to empty myself, but the feelings keep on piling up.
I wish I didn't fall so head-over-heels for her.
this is too beautiful why is it not about me
Congrats anon, you're alive and feeling the human experience. Navigate this minefield in whichever way strikes your gut feelings as right. You'll come out of this on the other end one way or another, so just pick your way through the days. Good luck anon
same i feel like this is me at him
i wish this was him at me
i'm the same way with my ex gf.
it gets better, but not in a good way, your mind eventually just forgets and stops being affected by it. it doesn't seem healthy to forget about the past I had with her, as if it doesn't mean anything anymore.
I'll never stop missing her, I could be old and have a wife and kids, but if she asked me for help, or to meet up or to get back together again I'd drop everything immediately to do it.
One day, I hope your wonderful selves will imprint your image onto the minds of the people you like!
What made this girl so special to me was how she seemed like an angel to me. She was always so nice and pure to talk to.
Thank you. At the very least, I find this cocktail of human emotion quite beautiful to behold, even if it is painful to experience. I will continue to live on!
it gets better, but not in a good way, your mind eventually just forgets and stops being affected by it. it doesn't seem healthy to forget about the past I had with her, as if it doesn't mean anything anymore.
I don't know how I feel about this. On the one hand, I cherish very dearly the interactions I've had with her, and I want to do so forever; on the other hand, those memories bring me pain when I think about how she's not here anymore. For the pain to fade, the memories must also fade...
I'll never stop missing her, I could be old and have a wife and kids, but if she asked me for help, or to meet up or to get back together again I'd drop everything immediately to do it.
I think I feel the same way. I suppose it's the fate of having met someone who had such a strong impression on me. It's like my mind has permanently been altered.
Please tell us more anon
Your post is actually making me feel something for once
Dude tell her how you feel.
I just imagine OP on the right, in this situation. I don't know why. You guys are sucking up his story like some cute feeling but I think OP is simping for a woman that doesn't even think about him twice
...maybe i just don't have enough details
I'm not sure if I want to say much more. I met her from this board and we talked on Discord but didn't get much further than that, and yet I still ended up wildly infatuated with her existence.
I have, already, but it's a rather fruitless situation since she lives so far away.
You've read quite deeply between the lines to come to this conclusion, anon. I can neither confirm nor deny your sentiment.
Because all robots only want stacy who is out of their league and ignores them. Typical moids.
Wait so you were cucked and it turns you on?
I wouldn't say that, no.
But that's what the image depicts
I have, already, but it's a rather fruitless situation since she lives so far away.
Are you sure she wasn't playing hard to get? Some girls like to be chased a little anon
We talked on Discord but didn't get much further than that, and yet I still ended up wildly infatuated with her existence.
i cba. you are a fucking retard. just as i was starting to find your train of thought somewhat relatable you ruin it with this. go outside.
i've felt that same way about someone before but ended up very hurt, so now i'm afraid to ever feel that way again.
but i really misses that pure obsession and dedication i had for them, the reason i had to wake up in the morning.
Let me explain. I feel like I got emotionally cucked and I didn't enjoy it at all.
If so, then maybe I was doing the wrong thing. I don't know what to do in such a situation.
I regret not getting a picture of her or hearing her voice or something.
but i really misses that pure obsession and dedication i had for them, the reason i had to wake up in the morning.
You describe well what I felt during the first few days that I talked to her. However, I'm willing to get hurt over and over again if it means I get to feel that way about someone again. But how will I find someone like her again, in this vast sea of different people and personalities?
