So once AI becomes so advanced that most of us are left jobless , then what ?
Then they kill off all the useless eaters
If most of are useless eaters then what ?
And how do you deem someone as useless eater , especially when most us are replaced by AI
Then you can finally join us wagie
Then we get UBI. Fucking kidding.
Then we get killed off in WW3 or some new plague. 
Are you part of an elite family? No? Then (You)
Um
Tell me thete isnt a connection here and that all has been planned already 
College student
I WORK 40 HOURS A WEEK FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE FOR MY MASTER
I AM A FREE MAN
I'll just eat a bullet. What little self-worth I have in my life comes from work, as sad an existence as that is.
AI can not do my job.
Also AI will never become more than just smart algorithms.
People fearing AI becoming real thinking consciousness in the near future are coping about something. Most likely they do not like life and have some wierd deathwish.
ahahahahahahahaha fucking wagecucks man
Like I said, sad existence.
Gotta find reasons to keep going where I can. It's what mom would want
That depends on what we allow.
Most jobs are just smart algorithms whose productivity can at least be drastically increased by AI.
You think they need sentient AI to do boring office jobs?
Im talking about what it will mean for rest of us
You get a shit tier job like mine, and I get unemployed and live in a tent on food stamps. Have fun being 150k in debt for a masters degree to work part time at Wal-Mart.
Get a hobby jeez. Finding meaning in slavery is cucked as fuck. AI will set you free wagie.
Hobbies are meaningless. I want to be needed by other people, not entertained. I've had enough of entertainment in my youth.
AI will set you free nonetheless.
REJOICE
The people are retarded. 1984 is entierly deserved and will be an improvement.
The wagies are lost and they will resist
But I, NEETlord, will cleanse this world of their impurity
Look at this fool for example 73183929 cattle goy proud go be a slave to his master
I'm either going to rent out tinyhomes, storage units, or buy a laundromat.
Which should I do bros?
REJOICE MY BROTHERS
AI will set you free
No longer will you have to wake up with an alarm clock
No longer will you be berated by your jewish boss
No longer will you do mind numbing soul crushing repetitive tasks all day
REJOICE a man was born a slave but AI has set him free
AI can do all your brain tasks
underpaid thirdworlders can do all your manual tasks
Ai will actually take the smart jobs first. Programing, analysis, taxes, lawyers, etc. 
They won't really replace humans but they will lower the bar of challenge, and increase the productivity such that it will be much easier to build with smaller teams and there are more people who will be able to program on a competitive level potentially.
A gun to their heads at all times. That's what the government needs and it will have if people lose their livelihoods.
I'm not going to say it's impossible for an AI to take over my job, but I don't see how it would work. I'm a teacher, and I don't see parents being too keen on an AI they can't argue with when little Billy gets a shitty grade.
are you retarded? that ones easy. 
only job safe is investor.
What if you picked up hobbies that are basically jobs since they are so unfun to learn? Like guitar or developing a single player video game if you have some great ideas, hobbies can be like work if you like woorking so much and every day you just "have to go to work!"
Not "never", but definitely not soon. It can't think, but it can solve problems or fill-in-the-blanks hyper fast.
I already use an AI Chat to reply to business emails and it's instant and better than anything I could bother to come up with.
The point where it can fill-in-the-blanks with code is coming really soon. Codewriting teams will be reduced to one guy who describes needed functions to the code-writing AI and tests it.
Anything mathematical or language related is going to be useless soon. The best scenario we can hope for right now is they just let us use AI to do our jobs and keep on paying us anyway to avoid revolt or mass starvation.
The point is not about action being boring, the point of work it's that others can find some use for me. 
My existence is irrelevant, and this is what pains me the most in the world. I want a reason to wake up. I want somebody to tell me simple "thank you", and ackonwledge my existence.
Govt gibs, crime or praying that you somehow get rich before automation takes your job
At least wait for the riots to start
I've been saying this since the beginning of AI becoming a hot potato. Why did this faggot get capped and not me?
This is precisely why we need UBI and Keynes' 15 hour work week.
