Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.
No edition edition
Hope you guys are doing well 
How are you doing today?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
Any plans for today?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
Why did you hurt yourself?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
Is there anything bothering you right now?
A bunch of useful links for anyone who might need them:
A long list of self harm alternatives (thank you muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7
first aid post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/
wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic
bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
Welcome to the thread, everyone. Have a good stay. 
Basically done with all of my classes, and I only have three finals to take next week. The only final I am worried about is my Calculus 2 final. Also, the statics test I took I got 100 percent on (: I hope you all are doing well, because I am doing pretty alright.
i've read through the symptoms of bpd quite a few times now and can relate to some of them, but i can't imagine how hard it must be to constantly deal with this kind of stress in your life. the getting close to people part really hits close to home. at this point i can deal with people, but it has to be on my terms. just today i had this encounter i really could have done without. 
i even go to therapy but i cant even be fully honest with my therapist because of it despite it not even being a relationship where someone can "leave" you.
i don't think i would tell a therapist a fraction of the stuff i share with you all. i just don't believe that there can be true understanding without some sort of connection. i can't see a benefit in talking to someone who hasn't suffered the same or similar circumstamces. can just talk to an ai or a wall instead. 
thank you for sharing. i appreciate it.
hey, prog. 
it's awsome you are doing so well. i'm sure you will ace those last three finals as well. pic related. 
and hello to everybody else!
Hello prog, I'm glad to hear that, good work and good luck on your finals
Hi yuanon
How are you doing today?
Miserable but got 2 job interviews...that I suspect won't pan out as usual
hello, catbro. just stumbled into one of my self-deprecating episodes, so i'm not doing so well atm. hope it lifts itself over the course of the evening. can you tell me what you've been up too, so i can get my mind of it?
Probably not today, maybe the 5th to shove the trench knife up my bicep and see where the capillary is, and repeat on the other if my arm got enough power left
hello, catbro. just stumbled into one of my self-deprecating episodes, so i'm not doing so well atm. hope it lifts itself over the course of the evening. can you tell me what you've been up too, so i can get my mind of it?
Think around 2 years ago, memory is rusty
hello, catbro. just stumbled into one of my self-deprecating episodes, so i'm not doing so well atm. hope it lifts itself over the course of the evening. can you tell me what you've been up too, so i can get my mind of it?
Because Covid ended my world, basically
hello, catbro. just stumbled into one of my self-deprecating episodes, so i'm not doing so well atm. hope it lifts itself over the course of the evening. can you tell me what you've been up too, so i can get my mind of it?
A lot of shit, but as usual, too much to write down. Would love to write down and let it be read, but you know, feels pointless and I don't wanna clog the thread with supreme schizo shit
hello, catbro. just stumbled into one of my self-deprecating episodes, so i'm not doing so well atm. hope it lifts itself over the course of the evening. can you tell me what you've been up too, so i can get my mind of it?
just tell us what's on your mind, anon.
that's what they are there for.
I'm feeling a little dessatisfies too but it will get better don't worry ^^
I think it's partially because of the weather, it's a little dark and depressing today 
sure :D 
I haven't been up to much today, I was thinking about going for a bike ride but the weather is a little cold and cloudy so I haven't gone anywhere
I did go to the garage tho and I decided to mess around with one of the pedals I bought recently because it didn't feel very smooth, I opened it up and turns out the bearings were toast but I just cleaned everything up, put tons of grease inside and I'll run it like that until I get around to buying some new bearings
Also I'm thinking about buying some moto bars 
Like I said, don't worry about feeling like that, it'll pass
hi guys. feeling like breaking things. :s
my drinking life has been completely gimped by my stupid fucking cat.
I'm feeling a little dessatisfies too but it will get better don't worry ^^
yeah. you're right. it always does. sorry your day wasn't the best either.
I think it's partially because of the weather, it's a little dark and depressing today
i'm all for dark and depressing weather. makey me feel at ease for some reason, but i'm more of a fall/winter guy anyway.
reading that actually made me feel a little better. you're the best. thank you for humoring me. (^-^)
Just finished my day, today is actually the day i go to therapy, just woke up from a 2 hour nap and im not feeling bad today which is a win in my book.
Hope everyone is doing great!
That just sucks anon, you must be pissed, I hope sharing that here made you feel at least a little better tho.
Hi.
I am a bad person.
I cut myself to show my friends the pain I was going through. My friends loved me, but I did not love myself, so their love was null. Or, I try to think, because it hurts less.
I am rearranging my room to look like as it did when I was younger. I plan on only eating when I need to and to work around my understanding of the world and my schedule. I am a bad person for not eating 3 meals a day, bathing all the time, and being so stiff due to the trauma I have gone through, that I have hurt other people to a point where they also think I am a bad person, even if suicide is an option. They would hate me even more, and they would not miss me.
I miss myself. I miss the way things used to be. I miss being able to imagine and having vivid dreams, even if they were not all pleasant. 
I'm a bad person but it's not my fault. I don't get why people hate me so much for not being able to love myself. I don't take the best care of myself, but even when I do, I struggle to feel anything, to a point where even cutting myself does not hurt much. It hurts enough to stop, but it is not enough to not continue.
I am blind in the mind. I hope when I come back, if I get better and do not stop existing like my past self, my friends will love me again. I need to work for that hug I dream of.
sorry to hear that
no tuna for cat >:3 
i'm more of a fall/winter guy anyway.
I think I'm more of a "every weather has as it's perks" guy, I sometimes dislike rain but only when I'm outside because I don't like to get wet, when I'm inside I like when it rains 
reading that actually made me feel a little better. you're the best. thank you for humoring me. (^-^)
You're welcome yuanon :3 
You've made me feel better countless of times and I'm happy I could return the favor 
not feeling bad today which is a win in my book.
hell yeah! 
Hope everyone is doing great!
and I hope the same to you, getting therapy is a step in the right direction, hope it works out for you 
hello "bad person" 
I don't think you actually are one, you recognize that you've done bad things and you feel sorry for them, a bad person wouldn't do that
and you even want to better yourself
yupp, you're not a bad person in my book 
Hope you have a nice life anon
I don't. I just understand I'm in the wrong, like I always am, and I understand no one wants to, or can hug me. I cannot hug myself, and I cannot hug the person I remember.
I'm a bad person because I do not feel anything, but its not my fault that my nerves are damaged.
It's like being in a wheelchair and not being able to adapt. My hands shake all the time, my bones crack. My body fails to support itself.
i love cruelty squad man, from the music to the visuals and the story/ message, and its criptic/weirdness but also down to earth attitude, ''when the beat drops im going to fucking kill myself.''
as far as the trip 
i forgot that we needed to go trough customs and was wearing a vest+ shortsleave shirt, when we got to the part where we needed to put out stuff into the basked to scan it, i was forced to take off my vest, my heart stopped beating for a moment, i took of my vest and everyone saw my scars luckly my mom was being patted down so shes the only one who didnt saw, when the security lady saw she said ''sorry i didnt realilize'' and i was allowed to put my vest back on
that was one of the worst moments in the past few years 
but the concert was fucking amazing, the first band it was still relatively calm, second band (hellripper) it started to get more rough, people started to mosh and shove, cirle pit etc, some guy even brought a goatmask and james told him to put it on lol, and when warbringer started playing everybody lost their shit, moshing nonstop huge cirlepit and even a small wall of death, the vocalist pulled me upstage twice to stagedive, did that 8 times, got to give the members of hellripper and warbringer some fistbumps too
one of the best moments in the past few years 
we did the typical touristy things, londen eye, tower bridge, palace, big ben, bike/bus tour
the londen dungeon was pretty cool, great acting and makeup/stages 
overall pretty good trip, im glad to be back here in the netherlands tho, londen is so loud and big compared to my huble town,
hope your session goes well.
sorry things turned out the way they did, anon. i wish i could give you the hugs you need. keep on going. you'll get there. 
sympathy for the devil is a great episode, by the way. bebop is one of my favorite shows. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Amsp6S2lUwo [Embed]
I'm more of a "every weather has as it's perks" guy
that's the more sensible approach. i just prefer my cold weather wardrobe. it's hard to find stuff i like for warmer seasons. 
you did and you help me a lot as well. again, thank you.
Hiya /cut/ answering a few questions from yesterdays thread that yuanon asked
what music
lotta Elliot smith
what games
Cod and tera nil
got a gold fish, some rosy barbs, dojo loaches, Panda garra and some random fish that stuck to some plants i got :3
no i wont be sharing the ""music"" ive made, sorry
good evening, sludge!
that trip was quite the emotional rollercoaster, from what you describe. sucks you were put it that situation in customs, but at least your mother didn't see. she doesn't know at all, i reckon. the rest must have made more than up for it though. sounds like a great experience. i'm always happy to be come back to my small town as well. city life doesn't really suit me. 
hey, hey. 
lotta Elliot smith
i'll put it on the list. still have to check out the swans. the talkies was a bit too out there for me, i have to say, but i'm a cretin when it comes music. 
tera nil
that's that terraforming game, right? how is it?
got a gold fish, some rosy barbs, dojo loaches, Panda garra and some random fish that stuck to some plants i got :3
sounds sweet. how big is the tank? and is it common to get random fish with plants?
all good, but i have to try. ^^
how was your day?
I'm having a fucking ton of mood swings, starting to think I have BPD. Can't believe my friends don't understand what that can be like, and they'd rather see it as manipulation, but I don't understand it either so why do I expect others to be parents and understand me?
I don't know what my favorite episode is but Sympathy for the Devil stood out to me specifically because it revealed what happened to Earth and Wen stands out in the cast compared to the other villains.
The scene which shows off the astral gate is something I feel like I've seen in my dreams and young Wen's smile reminds me of something I do not know.
I have a very weird fucking mind. I'm probably psychotic. I wish I was seeing shadows and wanting to starve myself rather than being angry, because I'm a bad person either way, but one I hurt myself more than other people perceive.
I am fucking restless. This is why I wish I could hug my friends, because one hug a day and a "I love you" reminded me of what is real and what isn't.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7-va0hr3aY [Embed]
well I guess I change your opinion about yourself 
I still hope you have a nice life 
That's sick! :D 
besides the vest incident, it was very nice of the security to let you keep your vest on, I honestly didn't expect them to let you do that
I'm glad you enjoyed yourself sludge 
Do you think about traveling more because of that?
it sucks knowing im not even mentally ill and the only reason im so unlikeable is because im fucking lazy and do nothing but whine
city life doesn't really suit me.
same
Do you think about traveling more because of that?
probably not, once in a while its fun but i like my quiet green small town, im not really cut out to be in all that noise for more than a few days
i do would like to go on a hiking trip for multible days somewhere someday tho, maybe in the mountains of america,
you and me both 
i was thinking about binging this show a few weeks ago, maybe i should
it has been a while since i saw the show, so it's hard to say, but i always liked jupiter jazz. i really need to rewatch it. 
This is why I wish I could hug my friends, because one hug a day and a "I love you" reminded me of what is real and what isn't.
i wanted to ask if you couldn't just ask your friends, but when the physical part of the relationship is established it's hard to change it. try to endure, anon. 
i love it, but a saw it as a teen when it aired, so i never had a chance not to. i always like it when a show takes it's time to establish mood and atmosphere and bebop does that a lot, which some people percieve as very boring. i'd say give it a try, but don't go in with the expectation that it's the best anime ever made, like some people make it out to be. it was the right anime at the right time that found it's ideal audience. people like me are still waiting for "the next bebop", forgetting they aren't teens anymore. still a good show.
time to head to bed now. see you, space cowboys (and -girls). good night.
Hi anon that looks pretty rough, make sure to patch yourself up nicely
You don't need some sort of a mental illness to justify your struggles
You make it sound like you've chosen to be like this, have you really? if so maybe you can change it
alright fellas, I'm gonna go take a little snooze, goodnight friends ^^
Statement: HK-47 is ready to bump, master.
Would love to write down and let it be read
I would enjoy reading it. Are we not at least a bit down, given the thread we are typing in? Go ahead, anon.
just stumbled into one of my self-deprecating episodes
Those are never fun. Hope you can get out of it soon. I'll try to write a lot more here to distract you a bit.
Sounds like you are making progress! Hope the bike ends up splendid.
SPLENDID! Hope the therapy can begin to help you bit by bit. Never been to therapy myself, so I'd like to know how it goes!
I played quite a bit of Cruelty Squad, and beat Trauma Loop on Hope Eradicated a few times. Fantastic game, with great thematic undertones to the absolute madness of the visuals, and amazing movement mechanics. The movement is the highlight for me, especially the Grappendix.
CHUNKOPOPS!!!
addendum post (:
I cut myself to show my friends the pain I was going through.
I used to do that often, mostly because I am usually the funny guy of the group, and when I do anything at all I have to have a comedic presentation, or my persona dies. 
I miss myself. I miss the way things used to be. 
I understand that feeling, of wanting to go back. I can only cope with it by accepting the time I am in, and understanding the changes occurring, and how my life is changing. For a long time, I wish I could have just gone back. Even if I still want that, I can live a bit easier when I dwell on how things are changing around me, and the things I am succeeding on in the current time, despite everything.
When you successfully practice self-care, I feel that one does not necessarily need to feel anything. The reward of self-care is the result of it, whether it be a cleaner body, teeth, fuller stomach, or something like that.
Anon, I feel that you are too hard on yourself for feeling nothing. I remember back when I could feel like a 'normal' person. And then I remember the day where I literally felt my emotions burn out inside me. I didn't feel anything for years, and when I do feel something, it feels restrained, or dampened. I also struggle to hug myself, as I feel damaged, broken, and like a misfit. The only way I have managed through is through will, and the small amount of outward love my parents show, and companionship from friends. I really hope that you can pull through and find a way to feel, because that journey is an extremely difficult one. I am sorry if this post seems long, but I resonate with much of your post, and I really hope you can pull through. Lacking feeling can really destroy your self-perception and relationships with others. Do take care, anon, and best of health.
aaaand final addendum for now.
Been working on music slowly for my second album. Want to make it much longer and more focused. Hope to make it over the first couple months of summer. Other than that, I secured an A in my statics class! My final grade for it is a 90.12%. I was literally at a flat 90% just yesterday, with two assignments left to be graded, but I got 10 out of 10 on both of them, so I guaranteed have an A! \(>v&lt;)/
Already made the album cover, picrel. Felt really dumb taking all of the pictures for it.
Almost summer! Hype!!!! Thank you all again for the thread participation, again, I greatly appreciate it.
How are you doing today?
Bad. Off of work, and have done nothing but turn on my dishwasher and eat an entire XL pizza by myself
Any plans for today?
Watch something funny and go to sleep
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Never been a cutter, but when it comes to it, I use my arm as a gag for screaming - biting deep enough to scar my arm
Why did you hurt yourself?
Every reason
Father died recently, been promoted to a job that I fear I am not cut out for, having weight trouble as always, only being able to work on my art and writing if I am intoxicated (once every Friday evening).
Even the combined power of the Anti-Bumper Council couldn't keep your thread buried forever, could it?
Tell you both what, should this thread remain tomorrow, possibly afternoon or evening even, I will come back and dump as much shit as possible, as this journey has been tiresome.
challenge accepted
bump
if i worked in a metal plant, i should not be trusted in the cyaniding section lmfao.
current posting theme: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtPk22NWB5Y [Embed]
