why on earth do women volunteer to do porn? 
seems stupid, especially in the age where they can earn triple the money doing vanilla shit on of provided they are above a 6 out of 10.
I think you figured it out on your own.
This is right before she does a big puke and starts crying, really disappointed this wasn't the full webm.
Yes it's crazy how such a low moment, of sexual humiliation is documented so graphically and it's there forever. I think they don't realize how unpleasant getting choked, gagged and hit for real was going to be. There is the porn way of doing those things and then the fa way, but they have deniability because it's what they said was going to happen.
She's pretty hot too. Imagine how good it feels to push your dick down a woman's throat like that.
Plus loads of the fa whores from like 10 years ago think noone has seen their scene so they go around on socail media now using their irl names now
Imagine marrying this whore years later taking you found yourself a wonderful girl lol.
honestly it never stops being funny.
That isn't the breakdown I was thinking of, I must have my wires crossed!
The one I was picturing she has to do 10 more sucks in that position, down to the balls. After like 3 she totally pukes her guys out jumps back and starts bawling. Camera guy goes "ok, we won't make you start at zero"
I think this is the one you are refering to?.
You know what really funny?
I bet you she won't do even 10% of the fucked up sexual acts she did in porn with her bf/husbank
Man I wish O had that red pill comics where the two batas marriage two chad addicted sluts. Then when the betas finally get a turn they turn them down lol
most porn stars have personality disorders
Love seeing foids suffer
Yes! I remember it pretty vividly so I was a little confused. I guess she cried quite a bit, it's a big turn on. You can tell she knew she was gonna puke before the last one, she took a breath to gather herself and tried hard not to.
Of course not, this fucking idiot, looks like a fellow Muslim thinks he got himself a great godly Islamic woman. I'm sure that he doesn't know that she was a fucking whore. Imagine kissing that bitch and then you kiss like 400 other guys cock that she's had in her mouth. That makes me fucking sick just thinking about it. This is why I only date 18 to 21 and they have to be virgins.
if you like foid suffering get a load of this one. she probably lost half her pay cheque in regurgitated food
i guess this is true. I noticed most of them are criminals outside of sex work and they seem to commit crime for no reason
Fuck that's good. If I knew a girl that got pumped like that it would be so sexy to me. Why is it so perfect?
Sunk cost fallacy.
She realised she was in deep shit doing the scene but facialabuse release the scene anyway without paying you if you choose to quit, so she decided to power through with iron will. 
Her name is Kersten Leskody if you are interested. 
The scene totally broke her mentally and now she's very violent and constantly on drugs. Ever since the scene she is always in prison.
Damn, that's suffering.
If I could pick one fa scene to participate in, it would be Puke Face. Poor thing was totally defenseless from the start, and they took full advantage.
these are not exactly stars
it seems like random junkies desperate to make a quick buck
They're unaware of just how easy it is to get simps from Onlyfans. 
It's only after they hear the mass market appeal of porn that they become pornstars when they're of age only to learn 2-3 years in what OF is and how much better it pays.
