Do you like your eyes, /r9k/?
No.
They're black like coal.
I wish i had blue eyes and blonde hair.
Post your eye anon, black eyes can actually be rather attractive.
Personally I like my dark brown hair and hazel eyes
Yes. Hazel eyes. Extremely interesting colors. Kids ended up blue since both our grandparents are blues
No I have black bags under and over my eyes , they are the worst any human has had and nothing gets rid of them, I look like Satan
Part of the reason why you guys call me "Chad".
Post em pussssssyyyy
My eyes are like that too if you look close. Blue, green, to almost orangish closer to my pupil.
Some people find that attractive. I know I find it attractive when women have those.
your eyes are ugly
brown eyes are so fucking ugly. i bet they were invented just for the ugliness contrast factor of blue and green eyes
You're probably not exactly my target group though.
My eyes change colors anon, some days they look bluish, sometimes greenish. Depends on the lighting and my mood.
I'm under a yellow light here so ofc they look more brown
mine are okay they're pretty green
i really like dark eyes though
Hand threads and eyeball threads are data mined.
There's tons of photos of me outnthere thought.
Sometimes someone reports my dick pics and it makes me so happy.
Bluish green with gold in the middle, a lot like pic related.
Yes, but now I have a scar on my eye.
Post emm man, green eyes are the best
That so? Okay, here's my hand for biometric porpoises
The actual Chad in the thread. Show us your cool scar
It's not a cool scar. It's actually on my eye like the cornea and it looks cloudy.
...still sounds kinda badass anon, not gonna lie. How did you acquire this scar?
You are a hairy fellow :3
no. last time i did that someone said they tasted like pistachios
Fuck now I require pistachios
Well of course not. They are the darkest shade of brown and look like that of a rotting fish. Very unpleasant to look at. Atleast they are very hooded.
This is true, I am indeed quite hairy.
Lmao they must be really green then.
I'm not jealous
Yes I love them, I consider my eyes elite. Pic is fuzzy but you can see theyre blue. White skin and blue eyes and dark hair is a god tier combo
You look like empathchan if she was a male ngl brother
Just joshing ya
You got nice eyes bro
You guys keep mentioning empath chan but I've never seen her face on here. Only fembots I'm familiar with are iris and miyo
and honestly man, i've gotten that a lot from girls. not the empath chan thing but that my face is pretty and that i'd look good if i was a girl. i hate it, i dont like looking feminine
Empathchan? Never heard of her (that loser)
There's nothing wrong with having a good mix of femininity and masculinity. It doesn't mean you're a tranny or a femboy what the fuck ever, just be a pretty boy while you can. That's my plan anyway
Yeah, they aight
Nice. Very nice. You have nice eyes.
Make baby now if you are biofem yes ?
what do you think double originally?
GO IMPREGNATE SEVERAL WOMEN
NOW FAGGOT
i've been told i have dead eyes, but i'm just sleepy.
Yeah I know I'm not a femboy and all that trash but I feel like I only attract tween girls who like kpop or girls who want to inhabit the masculine role and expect me to be a passive and submissive guy. My last gf definitely thought she would be able to walk all over me and when she found out I was a bit of a psycho the relationship turned into complete and utter shit. She had zero respect for me. Man I truly believe overtly masculine men live life on easy mode.
I like that look desu. Very nice eyes. Yeah you do look tired but it's that kind of thing I like.
If I were you I'd lean into your looks and "feminine" aspects of yourself and put all your skill points into gently manipulating women
Wdym anon? What does leaning into the feminine aspects of myself look like?
Yes my eyes are majestic.
Skin care routines and basic hygiene basically. If you're really feeling brave put on some manscara but that's a bit of a pipeline
people tell me i have incel eyes
Not really, they don't look that nice.
How do people take such clear pictures of their eyes? Mine always seem so fucking blurry and shitty, I dunno how to use my phone at all I live indoors and have no use for it
go forth! obtain thy morsels
never said ya were. they change color but i do wish they were darker sometimes.
yes and no. yes because people find them really attractive , no cause they are sensitive af sometimes. theyre hazel but more green than brown
this is why yall niggas are struggling with women
My eyelids are a little asymmetrical, and I have bad vision.
Fucking fag, get out!
I already take care of my skin. Ironically that may be why girls see my face and consider me feminine kek. Definitely not doing any faggot tier stuff like putting make up on. I guess I'll just pretty boy maxx and /fit/maxx until I'm too old
I hate interacting with toilets tho because they just reject me and make me feel disgusting and worthless
Not bad. Def 7+/10 eyes 
Hmmm I'd have to give you a 5.5/10 but could be the angle
Good lighting, and Snapchat focus features are way better than the default camera app.
Nah I am jealous lol I wish my eyes were light green
Lol
Girls dig a soft boy (when they're ovulating)
metro station was the shit back in mi day
Based
Girls dig a soft boy but other guys are hyenas and if they smell weakness they'll try and fuck with you and snatch your bitch right in front of you. Even if I look like a pretty boy, I gotta get tough somehow
Uuuuhhhh I'm a dude but thanks.
Chicks dig my eyes and I guess men do too.
I would like them on others but not on myself
my mom has very blue eyes and I feel resentfull that I didn't inherit them
I do prefer dark eyes on other people but I wish I had the same ones as my mom
I did my best but it's really hard to see on camera.
You can see a small line looking thing in the pupil and that's the scar.
I'm not sure. I had bad vision in the left eye for like 2 years and sudenly it just started feeling irritated and leaking tears the doctor told me the cornea had changed shape and created a scar.
Take drugs, kill a bear
START IMPREGNATING FOIDS NOW
Interesting. Hopefully it doesn't negatively affect you too much.
Don't care, cant even see them most of the time
I don't know. People say that they look feminine. That is no good.
I got greyish blue eyes but I think they're kind of dull and boring looking
Perhaps from an outside perspective someone else might appreciate them more than I do. 
I think even with colored eyes it doesn't really do you any favors unless they're very piercing and deeply colored
Hey you're cute 
Discord or kik?
Woman? Biological female?????????
Man, penis haver
I love my eyes. I've had people telling me my whole life that i have beautiful eyes. Can't complain.
I like the way they look but they don't effing work properly. I'd prefer functionality over attractivity ;-/
Same, mostly girls compliment my eyes which gives me a small ego boost
I have pretty strong dark circles bc sinusitis, but I like them, the only issue is the fucking 3.5 astigmatism
yea my eyes are great
mine are like grey and orange with bits of light green
i think theyre fine, i wish i had more eyelashes. i get complimented on the color a lot for whatever reason though
If you're >>73189729 they do look kinda feminine, but feminine traits in certain places facially isn't a bad thing
Regardless 7/10 eyes
Gorl
They're still nice. Big blue eyes are pretty. But due to the aforementioned functionality I will be giving you an 8/10.
You have a lot of pressure in your life. Kinda just look done with shit.
There's a comic that shows how you have to cling to the good in yourself otherwise you will always appear as your own most disliked form
6/10, 7/10 with practicing acceptance
The color is good for sure
7/10
Post em
it's over
original comment of /r9k/
It's not over, smizemax
if u want da shots ill take da staff job
double da money
