i dont think you guys realize how much having a gf sucks. you always act like itll solve everything 
and the real kicker? sex does not even feel much better than masturbation maybe like 15% better with 1000x more hassle. they were better back in the day but it is not worth it at all anymore.
you must be an asian man
all your guy friends will hit on her and you will all become divided 
you have shitty friends
if you have no friends she is just going to hang out with HER guy friends 
so then they become your friends too
she constantly gets hit on at work
is she inviting that behavior, or telling people she's taken? if the first, she's a whore.
you always need to be worried about how you look what youre wearing getting in fights people flirting with her what shes doing or wearing 
if you're worried about it, you'll never be satisfied. just be you.
she will have an army of simps on her phone 
she can, but only if she's a manipulative bitch.
you need to be ready to get in fights any time 
only if she's looking for a guard dog instead of a boyfriend.
cant have sex during period
why?
sex is way messier than just jerking off 
and more fun
you will always be thinking about her past whore experiences and exs
just don't date a whore
she will have no hobbies basically bitch the entire time and only want to go shopping 
sounds like a lame gf to me. grils have hobbies.
she will constantly find a way to get herself into trouble
only if you want an exciting troublemaker gf
you need a car job apartment house money nice clothes etc 
not always, but you should be able to get those things in general or you won't be able to retire.
that had better be a reciprocal relationship or you're a beta slave
yeah whatever fucking retards i have more experience then you ever will
I don't want a gf, I just wish I had a friend.
same here bro. its over.
roughhhhh dude got called out and went straight defensive. it'd have been better off to counter these claims instead of go for the ad hominem my man. oh well--you won't be happy like this.
it's okay, though. most people aren't happy. most people die unhappy. go sam johnson route. may as well.
"he who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man."
you'll never be a real man, right? so go for it. we get one life after all, i guess. i'm right with you.
Anon just break up with her if it's not worth it then lmao. What is this?
all your guy friends will hit on her and you will all become divided 
none of these are problems for me because i don't get jealous much
if you have no friends she is just going to hang out with HER guy friends 
none of these are problems for me because i don't get jealous much
she constantly gets hit on at work
none of these are problems for me because i don't get jealous much
you always need to be worried about how you look what you're wearing getting in fights people flirting with her what shes doing or wearing 
none of these are problems for me because i don't get jealous much
she will have an army of simps on her phone 
none of these are problems for me because i don't get jealous much
you need to be ready to get in fights any time 
i've never experienced this
cant have sex during period
i've never been with anyone who still has a uterus
sex is way messier than just jerking off 
not by much, unless going bare with someone who eats garbage and has stinky high pH vaginal bacteria instead of a healthy lacto ferment
you will always be thinking about her past whore experiences and exs
i don't get jealous in that way
she will have no hobbies basically bitch the entire time and only want to go shopping 
anything is better than most boys who just sit at home with their video games and porn, and i enjoy having someone to shop with between all the other activities women are willing to do
she will constantly find a way to get herself into trouble
how so? be gay do crime?
you need a car job apartment house money nice clothes etc 
nothing i don't need anyway for my solo activities where i live.
i can use a vibrator or other people. i'm upfront about being non-monogamous, even if i usually can't be bothered, because it filters jealous types i prefer to avoid
every girl is a whore you literal retard
no, they resent you and constantly try to get her to leave you because they think they have a semblance of a chance. you type like a foid, back to crystalcafe with you.
What's really suspicious is that you found the need to defend EVERY SINGLE point the guy put forth so this just makes me want to discredit the whole list.
I've played too much NTR games to be comfortable with the idea of a gf.
wtf anon? I am 35, and till this day I have never had a "girl friend". 
Girls have fucked me on the side, but had a boyfriend for public face. They would take a picture of me, post it on facebook then instantly take it down and replace it with a white dude. I stopped getting jealous, I just accepted that girls have multiple niggas, fact of life. I mean maybe not being someone's public face is a blessing in disguise
it's not my fault i get hit on by other guys why would you be upset at me for something i can't control? like if we both chose each other why are you so worried
Why didn't they ask her out already then? If she dated more than 1, she's a slut. Unlike good Muslim women.
Just stacydating problems. Fembots got none of those except for needing money. All people need money.
nerdy girls are even bigger whores
STFU foid, go wash the horribly stinky hole between your worthless legs.
Based and truth-pilled.
im 32 and this is pretty fucking accurate desu, i dated educated and uneducated bitches and at some point they become like all the listed above, holy fucking shit.
Im not talking about nerds, fembots dont gwt hit on nor have friends because they are ugly losers
That's easy to say when you have experience. Legit incels might need to hear that, but not other guys.
just get your dick wet and move on dude were all losers here
I have other issues. More pressing matters.
