Is being a fatcel is just the worst?
Just stop eating. Food can't enter without consent
My skin is already ruined, no point
You could literally turn that around in a few month, and gain some washboard abs
Not with my shitty skin
Buy some oils and massage them into your skin,you can buy some nice skin tightening ones, with collagen or some shit.
Do not make any more excuses and just get the mental focus to change your behavior, it is all mental
Lol what a baby
I was way worse off than you anon and now im looking/feeling 100x better both mentally and physically 2 years into my fitness journey, stop making excuses like a sad cunt and start counting your calories/protein and hit the gym
you can and should lose weight
im on day 10 of a pottential 40 day water fast. last time i did 36 days
will you get pussy once you're skinny? most likely not. will your life improve? most likely yes
you will be
- more agile
- able to stretch more and sit in more comfortable positions
- have more energy
- have more mental energy to play videogames
- statistically have less anhedonia and depression
- feel better about yourself
- get the ego trip of shitting on fat acceptance as a movement, because that shit is conceptualyl repulsive on every level
life is better if you're skinny, even if you're a 32 kv neet autist like myself. you should strive to lose weight. not even joking
fuck fatties, fuck the fat acceptable movement, fuck body positivity, and fuck anyone who disagrees. lose weight you fat nasty piece of shit
Fat men have sex , gymcels don't
Basically don't resemble a child
The only reason a fat cell could exist is because his fat is giving him a baby face. Thats it.
Your waist isn't holding you back at all.
Being a thincel is way worse.
If you want to stop being a thincel, you have to slave away in the gym for months, or even years, while spending a fuck-ton on supplements and other dietary support. And god help you if you're an ectomorph or a hard-gainer, because it's going to be even harder for you.
Meanwhile, you can stop being a fatcel simply by not shovelling fast food into your mouth for a few months.
Oils won't help with loose skin
At least you don't get asked why you're so fat all the time.
will you get pussy once you're skinny? most likely not.
Most definitely not lmao
t. 135, 5'10
Fat men have sex
They don't, women hate fatties
Yep. Even being tall isn't enough to make up for being a thincel.
t. 125lbs, 6'2"
Ive seen them all over the place. Granted they were fucking fat women and I live in america so maybe being fat is more acceptable here than it is in other countries
But fat guys, assuming they aren't short or immature looking, have sex; and have sex more often than fit guys who are short or gay looking.
I've go fat. Always been attractive. No change in female interest while gaining those pounds. Still the attractive ones, mediocre or fat chicks simply don't even try.
My face even looks a bit better now, more full. Good bone structure, piercing steel blue eyes, dark blonde hair.
Always been attractive
there is your answer lol
it'll take two fuckin years if he doesn't want folds of pendulous skin like the elephant man
I think it ultimately comes down to fat distribution (something which you have almost no control over). That's why some fat girls are curvy with big tits while others aren't.
i know a fat dude who slays pussy. he's very hairy though and makes a beeline for women with a body hair fetish
But that does prove his point. If being fat really made a negative difference his rate of success would drop.
Being fit wont get you more girls and being fat wont take them away from you overall.
OP thinks being fat is whats holding him back when in reality its because he looks like he touches men.
This is a neglected point.
Its not about if youre fat, its how you hold your fat.
Some fat guys look masculine with the extra weight and some end up skinny fat for get femboy hips.
OP is actually a virgin because he is fat. He carried the weight terribly.
He has huge saggy mantits and disgusting gut.
He is really fucked because his skin has gross white stretch marks, his skin will never tighten back.
How do you get so gross unintentionally. Normally your gangly smegol looking incel had no control. But he had to notice at some point what he was doing.
No idea dude, I could blame it on bad parenting but I should realized this in my 20s.
Yeah, that's the point, they seem to completely ignore it. Even when I say I'm fat as fuck, which I am, they just go "Nooo, you're not fat". All despite me weighing like 50% too much. At least my mantits are fabulous AF.
why the fuck is it so hard to lose weight I've cut down from 2500+ to 1200 calories for like 6 months, avoiding goyslop as much as possible and NOTHING'S HAPPENING
just only drink water for 40 days bro
you'll unironically die
Food intake vs how active you are
You are not actually eating 1200 calories
if there's a deviation its 50-100 calories maximum I'm religiously calculating what I consume
Yes it sucks. I am 330lbs and am more miserable and numb than ever. I just eat to try to feel good but have gotten addicted now so I can't stop. Nobody finds me attractive, people make fun of me, others are ashamed of me, and I can't do things I used to. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.
Have you tried sex with men. You could be their big daddy.
Na. Some humongous guy survived over a year without a solid meal and just with salts and supplements. Fat is energy storage. It's also how many animals survive the winter.
I am bisexual but am not dominant at all so it doesn't really work.
I'm fat and have always had a successful love/sex life. Something else is wrong with you. Have you ever considered not being a shitty weird freak? Maybe get a hobby, and talk about something besides yourself for once? You make me sick.
You're a liar. Making up excuses isn't going to help, and you're not fooling us. Stop trying to fool yourself.
GET A FOOD SCALE RETARD STOP EYEBALLING THINGS
Ive seen lots of fat bottom guys but those are literal slam pigs and nobody likes them.
You don't have to be dominate but your partner would definitely be the cute one in the relationship.
Be me
Fat ugly bastard for basically my entire life
Become wizard
Eight girls tell me I'm cute/hot/perfect in the last year
Doesn't work out because I want a mommy gf and they're all submissive and want a daddy bf
Fuck this gay earth.
That's expressed a bit rough, but ultimately, yes. If the most interesting thing you do with your life is shitposting on 4chan, you are destined for failure.
Read something, learn something, start new things, try out hobbies, get out of your retarded comfort zone.
I can easily entertain people for hours, women hanging to my lips. Why? Because I do shit wih my life instead of just rotting in mommy's basement.
The fat in your body is producing estrogen, you wont want to be a sub if you had muscles.
As someone whos into femdom I find it hard to get off to it after working out compared to just looking at attractive school girls or something.
But far easier to get off to when I haven't worked out and am cozy and cuddly in bed.
The science speaks for itself.
Meh, I'm a fatty dom. Not that I care for that bullshit though, you freaking Pussies.
already established that being fat doesnt mean anything but looks like face and height and everything
still insists that you have an overweight grandma bod and that hobbies are the reason women like you.
What do you get out of lying to people?
Cope harder dude. You have a personality disorder. You type like a woman.
Looking good is the icebreaker. 
You still want to be an interesting person if you're interested in a relationship deeper than a puddle. You know, a connection beyond "ugh, I wanna fuck you".
why is every sub guy i see in real life ottermode then?
Sample size, anecdotal evidence. Just kidding, I'm a fatty and more manly than at least 9.8 of 10 pages of the catalog here.
Yeah not as bad as being short but being fat is just as bad.
Only Women are alot to be fat(or really any size) 
Men must be fit and near perfect for any women to notice them
That's the shit 4chan's incels feed you. It has little to do with reality.
Fatcels are like flat-earthers, both exist to discredit real ideas.
honestly im probably going to end it at day 14. kinda want to end it right now, but i think 14 days is fine
fasting is dangerous AF, honestly. you really shouldnt do it long term without medical supervision. i was stupid to do 36 days. seriously
Lol you don't get it man
Height, face, buffness
Theses are the things women judge you on. If you don't have all 3 you will not get any attention to any Women on the planet earth.
This is what it is, women do not settle for anything but chad. It just what it is
Fatcels are the only group of cels that can some what do something about the inceldom, although the likelihood that they are just a fatcel is pretty low. They are probably ugly or short too
6'1" even though some people think I'm 6'2" or 6'3"
Teeter between 275-295lbs for the past 4ish years
Had first gf for about 7 months now
Puss is out there anon, just gotta find it in the right places. You and I aren't scoring any 10s, but hell my gf is horny all the time and makes me happy. You don't even have to love yourself 100%, just be confident in one thing about yourself and you should be fine.
If you don't have all 3 you will not get any attention to any Women on the planet earth.
I'm not buff at all. Your info is retarded bullshit gathered from guys who notoriously fail at getting female interest. Just let it go.
I'm about your size but I find happiness in life. I would say that's the difference between you and I. I always try to find a positive on everything that I do. You can be fat and overweight and still get pussy. I know that you've probably heard this a million times, but females do like confidence. I put myself first. I don't put a female first, fuck that bitch. I can give you an example of this, a girl I was talking to was 18, bitch asking me for money lol. Like get a fucking job you lazy retard. She doesn't want to work, she just wants money given to her. I would rather be fat and a loser than be a fucking retard like that. Stop beating yourself up bro.
That's not that fat. You could trim down in 6 months of just watching your diet and putting a little effort in the gym. I know I have done it. My problem is I have always gained it back and then gained even more. I am currently around 600lbs and cant even wipe my ass. But I am dieting again and losing weight, so guess I will ride it out and see how far I get this time. Would be nice to see my dick again.
Why can't normies just accept the truth.
The world could be a little bit better if we can all agree on basic fact. 
Women now want perfection from their mwn. And they can get it too via tinder and other dating and social media sites.
No matter the woman smv, she can always get a chad to fuck them and even love them
It's over for sub chad, stop gaslighting men in to believing bullshit, love doesn't exist. Sex is only for chads
Movie makes me want to get off my ass and do something but simultaneously makes me sad that I'm fat and want to eat more but I just get disgusted seeing Charlie. I know too well the minutes of satisfaction followed by hours of guilt only to fulfill said guilt with the quick satisfaction.
