I have an asshole fetish and I can't get over it. I prefer ass over pussy every time. Anyone know this feel?
the hole is the pussy you motherfucking chronic virgin
shut up fembot and bring that juicy asshole here
I have a gf and she lets me fuck her ass once every two months
I don't relate to that feeling at all.
I've never wanted to do anal sex and I like vaginal sex a lot.
I find some trannies cute and my not being into anal sex is maybe the only reason why I don't try to date one in real life.
was she interested from the beginning or you did something? how long did it take to discuss the topic?
i miss my ex that's not into buttsex
he was the best :3
I mentioned I've never had anal sex two months into the relationship and she agreed to do it. Didn't take a lot of persuasion
wow I need a gf asap
Make sure she does anal before you gf her.
I just tried it the other day and it was inferior. even blowjobs feel better. Mainly just like it for the taboo/domination factor
I want a gf who has me kiss/lick/sniff her anus, but not penetrate it, which would complement her pegging me and make it more erotic because it would highlight the sexual dynamic of me being the one with the penetrated anus while hers remains unsullied..
Might as well ask her to bring a bull to satisfy her, cuck.
I want to get pegged but every girl I mess with wants me to be the dominant one and my first gf who tried licking my anus said she didn't like seeing me in that position.
Women tend to lose respect for you once they realize you want your ass penetrated. My gf has fingered me in the past and even though I enjoyed it, I asked her not to do it anymore because it makes me seem submissive and there's no greater turnoff for a woman than a submissive man.
Shutup slut, you are a hole.
Im the same. I can't fuck a woman without wanting to put my tongue deep in her ass, finger it or stick my cock into it. As I've gotten older I've come to realise its not only totally abhorrent and pathetic but also highly dangerous. I wish I didnt have this temptation. Porn has warped my mind so much that I think all women are ready and willing to be sodomised at any moment and that its not a big deal.
No thanks. Monogamy only :)
Well then stop "messing" with every woman you get a chance with and wait until you find one who wants to be dominant.
That's dumb. Judgemental women like that should not be anyone's gf.
I'm just saying how it is. Women prefer to be dominated. Rimjobs are degrading so when she rims you that's still her being submissive.
I had the opposite experience. One girl wouldnt me go near her asshole but would willingly rim me any time of the day. She explained that she viewed it as a submissive and disgusting act and that it was a massive turn off when she did it to me because Im supposed to dominate her.
Woman coffee.
Massive turn off when I did it to her*
FIXED
Did she let you lick her pussy? That's equally "submissive"
At first no. She was really adverse to it aswell.
Sounds like she's mentally ill
Cant relate. I cant stop looking at her pussy. Her asshole was invisible for a bit
Pussies are aesthetically inferior to perfect little brown holes.
Reminder men have those too. Go watch gay porn
