There, now you can have a gf. Go ahead.
Being a bitter basement dweller is not a unique or interesting trait.
What about any of those things contradicts your uniqueness as a person
Do you like... think that getting a gf is so easy that someone would have to not shower to not have a gf? I'm genuinely confused.
Kek being a particularly unique piece of shit still means you are a piece of shit first and foremost. Delusional cope.
Originally meant for originally
I don't want a woman who only accepts men who fit into a narrow standard of masculine body ideals.
brush your teeth
Basic hygiene
take a shower
Basic hygiene
get a haircut
Basic hygiene
lift weights
Depends
get a job
Depends
get therapy
Pointless unless you actually have been abused
Worthless unless you're a mindless robot.
brush your teeth
already done
take a shower
already done
get a haircut
already done
lift weights
already done
get a job
already done
get therapy
I've been going to a therapist for years, and it hasn't really given me anything other than a shoulder to cry on.
stop eating junk
pic related, this is one of the few things keeping me from roping
you first
Some anon posted yesterday about having done all that and still being alone and normalfags in the replies just kept moving goalposts lol.
smiling when you don't feel like smiling
being "kind but assertive"
"compliment them on something you noticed about them"
"don't get emotional when a girl shit tests you"
... blah blah blah
have you met people like this? it comes across as fake to me. i know they're putting on a show for other people and i have no idea what their real thoughts are. these strategies absolutely work, but i don't want to become a permanent door to door salesman.
as a fellow fatanon i fucking hate potato chips. they stopped tasting good for a long time yet my body still craves them. being fat is torture.
I did all of this, and it still wasn't enough for 5/10 used goods women with mild mental problems, and lackluster personalities
I do all that except therapy because it would cost me my job
Pretending to be a well-adjusted normal man does not grant you gf
Yes, because being unemployed in mommy's basement is a unique trait everybody should suck dicks for. Kys
yes because being a normie is sooooo cool and freeing
This
Being a wagie doesn't get you a gf
t. Wagie
i have a good woman now by doing this but I have zero friends and I'm constantly paranoid every girl I've been with will get bored of me because I have next to no social life
No. I'm smart enough to tell what is right and what is wrong, and this site challenges me to do so. Why should I take that away from myself?
I have a job, car, haircut and I'm in shape and I still have no girlfriend at 23 (still a virgin). If you are schizoid it's over for you because no woman can relate to you, or put the effort in to want to get to know you.
Why are there so many damn steps? I can only handle there being like 20 at most.
The fact that a lot of them, if not all are things you have to do perpetually instead of just once makes it insurmountable
love this board
Fuck off anon!
I ain't do all that work for some random ass disease hole, if I am gonna do all that bullshit it's gonna be either to get my paper up or do cool shit.
Fuck them cunts, they are worthless
Most angry chuds have personality disorders, theyre blind in recognising thats whats fucked them, not their looks.
or just be born chad
or better yet realize the game is rigged and dont bother with women and focus on something that actually gives you a sense of pride
and if u cant find or accomplish that then you should just kill yourself
being dead is better than dying slowly in a cyclical descending spiral where every year beyond 30 gets worse and worse
I don't do any of these things and I am married
I am also 5'3" lmao
None of this matters if you don't talk to a woman. You guys should start there.
So all I have to do is take a shower and brush my teeth?
