<comment>
The Idiot is a song by Stan Rogers. It describes a young man leaving his hometown for an earned life, despite the fact he could just live on welfare back home. And you should know about it.
I often take these night shift walks, when the foreman's not around.
I turn my back on the cooling stacks and make for open ground.
Far out beyond the tank farm fence, where the gas flare makes no sound.
I forget the stink and I always think back to that eastern town.
I remember back six years ago, this western life I chose.
And every day, that news would say some factory's going to close.
I could've stayed to take a dole, but I'm not one of those.
I get nothing free and that makes me an idiot, I suppose.
So I bid farewell to the eastern town I never more shall see,
And work I must, so I eat this dust and breathe refinery.
Oh I miss the green, and the woods and streams,
And I don't like cowboy clothes.
But I like being free and that makes me an idiot, I suppose.
So come all you fine young fellers who've been reaped into the ground.
This western life's no paradise, but it's better than lying down.
The streets aren't clean, and there's nothing green,
And the hills are dirty brown.
But the dollarman dole will rot your soul back there in your hometown.
So big farewell to the eastern town you never more will see.
There's self respect and a steady check in this refinery.
You will miss the green, and the woods and streams,
And the dust will fill your lungs.
But you'll be free and just like me, an idiot, I suppose.
Take the idiotpill. Get in your car, on a train, hitchhike, whatever. Go somewhere and become something. Don't let your souls keep rotting. Make yourself a man. It's not going to happen by chance.
<comment>
The northwest passage is a better song
<comment>
It's a better song, but it definitely doesn't get me off my ass and outside working.
<comment>
Listen to one piece at a time or its finally friday if you wanna get up and going
<comment>
I'll give them a go eventually, but I'm resting now. It's been a long day, and I saw some welfare fag here, and it made me fucking angry. Anyone able bodies and able minded should be working for something. I can't sit back and just fucking watch them rot without making at least an attempt to kick them into gear.
