Looks like my NEETdom and inceldom will ensure I get to leave hell planet much sooner. See ya later, losers
Loneliness harms both individual and societal health. It is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, dementia, stroke, depression, anxiety, and premature death. 
The mortality impact of being socially disconnected is similar to that 
caused by smoking up to 15 cigarettes a day,4 and even greater than 
that associated with obesity and physical inactivity.
https://www.hhs.gov/sites/default/files/surgeon-general-social-connection-advisory.pdf
why should i care? the only cure to crippling autism is a bullet to the head, and i will gladly take it if its presented to me
dont care didnt read didnt click the article
what's their gameplan? i'm sure it's going to be ineffective, i just want to know what they think is an adequate first phase plan of action
I'm telling you guys. Homosexuality is their cure for low value men not being able to date or marry. They can just fuck eachother. Also, no gross beta baby.
adequate first phase plan of action
If you have penis: First pull yourself up by your bootstraps, remind yourself all your problems are your own fault, women are the real victims and thats 100% only men's fault and men should fix it and expect no reward or even acknowledgment. And finally suicide also makes women victims when men do it, so don't do that either.
Problem solved /thread
either give me an arranged marriage, subsidize my plastic surgery, or just kill me. those are the only ways to end the incel problem.
I actively want it to get worse. Healing takes too long and is a painful process. Rather destroy and rebuild. Plus there's a bit of cathartic release from others being miserable like I was for years - the shoe is on the other foot, and I didn't have to do anything and actively fuck people up.
Enjoy I say.
arranged marriage
Opressive to women
plastic surgery
Women deserve to know what you really look like
kill me
You may have female relatives who could be emotionally harmed by it
Just man up.
I don't get the endless pointless chatters about nothing with friends, actively avoided making friends my entire life
from page 45
The world is just beginning to recognize the vital
importance of social connection. 
These retards in charge of our government's health department are JUST now realizing the importance of social connection?? Fucking hunter gatherers in 10,000 BC understood that shit. How is the government just now getting around to this?
Since this fucking fagot can't post the link because he's a fucking retarded nigger: 
https://www.cnn.com/2023/05/02/health/murthy-loneliness-isolation/index.html
FUCK the copy paste copied the line break
The world is just beginning to recognize the vital importance of social connection
I have friends and as I got older I've began to realize most relationships are entirely transactional and almost one sided (I'm not the type to fucking annoy people but when I respond to messages 75% of the time they don't even bother responding.)
There is no plan of action. Because if they were actually going to take it seriously and implement real measures to deal with it, they'd have to start by conceding that it disproportionately affects le evil inkwell boogeyman.
How is the government just now getting around to this?
The way Western society works is forgetting absolutely fundamental things, while focusing on random abstractions that harm people.
Eventually, the groundbreaking knowledge is 'rediscovered' in a way that funnels billions in to oligarch pockets, then forgotten about again.
Rinse repeat
try to cancel everyone that disagrees with you
completely saturated in hateful divisive propaganda
why don't people socialize
what a mystery
What about women with penises, you bigot fascist troonphobic shitlord?
remind yourself all your problems are your own fault
That's true. 
Blaming everyone else is easier though
anything solution they come up that is less than state mandated gf's will fail.
The only reason men and women co-operated in the past was because women would die if males abandoned females. Women have to literally face death or something equivalent like social ostracization in order for them to behave.
60 - 20 = ....20?
It's true for men. Very not true for women. So how will you attone for causing all of women's problems? 
Will you donate to feminism or die fighting against the racist incel terrorist menace? This isn't a choice btw.
Women have to literally face death or something equivalent like social ostracization in order for them to behave.
This fantasy will NEVER come true, no matter how much you bitch and moan. Now pay child support for our brown son. OR would you prefer I call the cops about the rape you just performed on me instead? Either way you're getting raped in jail, scrote.
I don't want things to be fixed. I want true equality first which would mean women should suffer now. After we get 10 or so years of true equality then we can talk about fixing stuff.
"mend" whats endemic to capitalist society
I want true equality first which would mean women should suffer now
kek.
We need to put all foids in breeding camps where non-chad males take turns filling their holes.
This
These normalshits aren't going to be able to fix any of these issues anytime soon enough. If it took them this long to acknowledge a problem that was staring them right in the face and inherent to the fabric of modern society, then they probably won't be able to solve this issue before the real problems it is creating cause irreparable damage. 
It's good though, modern people and modern society are completely unvirtuous
In 2023, women who make bad decisions are constantly bailed out by society and the state. How could you possibly call that capitalism?
Think about it: The state literally forces low status males to support and subsidize women. That's not free market, and that's not lezefare...that is socialism. 
If women all of a sudden stopped getting support from the state
and the government allowed chads to be able to freely bail on their bastard spawn, we'd see SHITLOADS of foids(and chads children) freezing to death in the street come winter.
id do the states bidding if they gave me a government mandated waifu, except that will never happen. guess ill just stay alone till i go insane. clown world
Yes loneliness is the equivalent of 15 cigarettes a day
All I know is that if you don't suck a trans penis that means ur transphobic and want us all dead.
In order to tackle loneliness, falling birth rates and ethnic tention, every white boy gets an ethnic gf to pamper and breed
