It wasn't until I was 22 yo that I learned that there are people that not only unironically support any type of bullying they'll also actively engage and promote it
These people aren't even the popular kids or semi-popular kids, they're average normies and even losers or the kids that got bullied themselves
They do it now, as they're adults, and don't have a problem in bragging about it and will justify it and argue for it
Most people have problems. Teach yourself psychology and computer networking. Learn to debug computer networks, and learn to debug people.
Some people sincerely needed someone to wake them up. Bullying is what made me come to terms with my latent ASD and develop coping skills, like learning to make eye contact. 
I know it sounds grim to you, but you need to realize that these kids have no one. My parents were present to educate me and feed me, but not much else. I spent most of my life wondering why I was a freak and it was bullying that let me figure it out and make (modest) improvements.
Yea yea that's nice or I'm sorry about your loss but
What's your favourite American Dad episode?
only diff is that now i punch people on the jaw if any "bullying" comes around, its a fucking big shock for me i havent been fired from my job as i work with 20 something bitches and dudes and a few come thinking that they can just talk shit and do nothing, i so far punched a few in the storage room, some cried some just went silent until call it quits, man why was i such a pussy when a kid?, 90% of people cant fucking fight lmao
Were you homeschooled nigga?
I agree when it's natural bullying. Meaning, that some kid or guy is acting weird and people tease him to make him aware of his weirdness so he can correct himself
But not unnatural, when people go out of their way find people and bully them
The Unincludeds (Season 11, Episode 11)
but honestly any good American Dad episoe where it's centered about Roger is in my top ten
It's luciferian and satanic. Jordan Peterson loves to talk about hierachies and sometimes he'll go into a rant about this topic.
It's pretty recent, in my experience. Everyone is living in a more openly sociopathic, cruel culture where you can be filmed at any time and mocked by millions of people. The way people adapt in such an environment is bully or be bullied, it's like those flies that look like hornets.
they're average normies and even losers or the kids that got bullied themselves
You just described this board
And this is while virtually all of media run a giant propaganda campaign trying to instill empathy into the populace. There are very few movies around that could be described as encouraging antisocial behavior, as opposed to the ones encouraging empathy and prosocial behavior. And in spite of this some some people seem to find their place in the bully role more or less naturally. Maybe some people simply are irredeemably evil at heart.
this
if you let them "break you in" then they've won
they don't deserve satisfaction
its like those incel tears groups that hate incels with a passion when they're total losers themselves. people competing viciously with eachother over not being on the bottom of the totem pole.
man why was i such a pussy when a kid?, 90% of people cant fucking fight lmao
i always thought it was completely insane that people wanted their kids to tell adults if they were bothered instead of teaching them to fight. 
i have a scar in my face that some kids made fun of me about in kindergarden but the names never stuck because i'd jump at them fighting. i'd get in fights most of elementarythat wasn't as justified but i think it saved me from a lot of grief as a teen and adult that i have the look or posture of someone who will stand his ground, starting shit just isn't worth it with me, bullies usually dont want to cause actual confrontation or fight unless they're sure they win. i've heard people at work talk shit about me and i've just walked straight up to them and asked if they have something on their mind while maintaining eye contact. faggots always look away and avoid the subject or bring up some work related criticism while sounding like they're pretending to be convinced, already won the confrontation at that point since they look like a little bitch compared to their big talk moments ago. and its always just one who actually have beef, the rest just agree because they dont have the guts to have an opinion on their own.
haven't fought for real with punches and kicks since 6th grade so i'd probably get the shit kicked out of me in an actual fight tho.
Yeah my coworkers argue FOR bullying and think its a good thing. They say it was used in the past to keep people in line and that bullying prevented kids from becoming trannies, queers, etc. 
While I agree that they may be right in that it kept people 'in line' in some cases, there are much better ways to correct social behaviors in a person than bullying them. Positive reinforcement and providing a good role model are the best ways to do this in my opinion but a lot of people who think like my coworkers are "darwinian" and think that might always equals right, and that if a person doesn't fall in line immediately they should be thrown away or cast aside.
And that may be true in the "primal instinct" sense but not in a complex society like we have today. My coworkers act like this all the time and promote bullying even when I've argued that the after effects cane be worse, such as the victim becoming self-destructive or suicidal. I also argued that the rise of insular internet communities had an effect that increased social irregularities like queerness, and that it was a bigger factor in that than a supposed lack of bullying ever was.
But of course my hard-headed and idiotic Neanderthals that I work with didn't (and never will) understand my point of view. And they wonder why people go postal and go on violent rampages against society. I even made that point specifically to them and they didn't budge even a little on their arguments. 
Trash "people" like them only understand the language of violence and blood, yet cry out when they too are attacked. Hypocritical scum, all of them.
wonder why people think bullying would do anything about queers and trannies. they got bullied to suicide back in the 60s and 70s but people were still gay. people were even gay when it was illegal and got you in prison.
speaking of which people rarely interact with flaming queens in prisons, even bothering them gives you bad rep by association.
Yes most people are insecure, ignorant, arrogant, dumb, retarded niggers.
exactly how tall are you.
bullies identify with hero characters. i guess there's the trope nowadays of the villain being redeemable in the end, but they're still a villain at first. and what about all those times they're not? the powerful hero crushing a fundamentally evil enemy is at the heart of a lot of media.
funny how many people dont realize that bullies dont leave just because you collect a paycheck now
God, they're so full of themselves
Ingroup/outgroup politics is older than humanity itself. Hell, even monkeys practice some form of it. Congrats on being so far behind you figured out something most elementary school aged children can figure out on their own. At this rate, you'll be ready for middle school english by the time you're 30.
I was actually bullied since I was 9. And contiued to be bulled from 4th grade to 8th grade
I think you missed the point of my thread. I already knew about le "ingroup/outgroup" politics 
My point is that people continue to be like this as adults. While "We" as a society like to pretend it's wrong 
and that only kids are naive and don't no any better to stop from doing it
These people aren't even the popular kids or semi-popular kids
You didn't notice it earlier? Both in school and HS I noticed that it was never Chad bullying me and the other autists, in fact Chad can be quite the cool dude and even a friend if you play your cards right. Bullies are just average fags or autists with an inflated ego and lots of confidence, nothing more. Once you realize that it's easy to get rid of them. Never seen any bullying in uni though, just people talking shit behind each other.
Well hopefully you learned to shape up and stop being a retarded faggot. The sooner it is beaten into you that you ain't speshul the happier you will be.
I'm not the guy you responded to but it is abundantly clear to me how hypocritical you must be. Nobody said they were special or needed to be treated like they were above anyone else. It's people like you that refuse to treat everyone the same. Hammering every peg into line until they make the shape you want. Promoting the idea that those who don't instantly conform to your inane and arbitrary standards must have compliance beaten into them.
I would bet anything that the moment some wretch like you gets curbstomped by a bigger and stronger person you'd beg and plead for mercy. Or if you're shopping in a store, and some guy who snapped and lost it all rushes in with a mask and rifle, you'd be dropping to the ground screaming for help. And if you lived suddenly you'd try to turn the situation around and play a victim.
There's a reason people made laws against violence. If we still lived in an anarchy or under the primal laws of nature, eventually you'd fall to a bigger person too. Yet you undermine the very laws that protect you too.
If you expect no consequences for your behavior, and especially exemption from criticism for abnormal, deviant behavior, then you are asking for special treatment. Fit in, or fuck off, simple as! WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY, remember that.
There is a world of difference between genuinely helping someone change though positive reinforcement and constructive criticism (what I would suggest) and physically beating someone until they conform (what you would suggest).
Put plainly, you are a simple-minded brute who can't think for itself past basic primal instincts.
Watch out, here comes the beating.
This is why I tried to include the "loser" or geeky kids into group activities back in school. This way I insulated them from bullying by becoming their friends, plus my parents taught me from an early age to stand up and protect those who can't or won't defend themselves.
This eventually resulted in our entire class being friends and the only outcasts were those who couldn't differentiate bullying from banter/teasing. Essentially bullying them into not being bullies or risk becoming social pariahs. Ironic and sort of hypocritical, I know.
shut up nerd!
shitrickle
lol positive reinforcement doesn't work. Most of the time their parents tried it and it only encouraged their faggotry. In fact, maybe at one point your classmates tried it, but you ignored it, so there was no other option.
just ignore them anon they're assholes
bullies are lame
