Fat ugly autistic men can be charming to women
He ate part if his foot in front of a bunch of people
What world are you living in where he is charming to women? He has no wife. He was accused of rape for even mentioning something related to sex in a way that a woman could see it. He is proof of the blackpill. Even with all his success and clout he is still completely unwanted by women.
The only way to disprove the blackpill is to post universal replicated aggregate data that shows that all 18-25 women everywhere prefer short and ugly faced men to tall handsome men.
Have you watched his speeches? He's very charismatic. He's just asexual.
If the blackpill just means that ugly people exist, then everyone is blackpilled.
The blackpill is two things
1) using evidence rather than feelings to reason
2) men miss out on real genuine romantic love of 18-25 that gives life meaning unless they are tall and handsome.
Nowhere is anything about "existing" mentioned, retard turdwhore dishonest fecal smear insect moron idiot bimbo toilet water herpes blister.
No he isn't, where did you get that idea from?
By definition, ugly men are less preferred than not ugly men. That's just a truism as long as ugly people exist.
He could easily get a gf if he wanted one. He has lots of fangirls and he's very charismatic.
Exactly, the blackpill is iron law. Women will suck off baby raping pedochad and praise him for being morally righteous on account of his appearance while seething at incels for being short and ugly.
sauce https://www.quora.com/Is-Richard-Stallman-married
from the same thread:
This is an overly elaborate way of saying Linus was tall and handsome in the face and "RMS" was short and/or ugly in the face.
Simple as.
Think again, anon. Simple as.
I mean, not really. Before you can even get to that point you first have to have basic hygiene which stallman doesn't have. Dude bites his toenails. He is genuinely disgusting so I can believe that no woman wants to date him. I've never met him irl but I assume he probably smells bad.
nope, cope. tall and handsome vs short and ugly. simple as. women suck off heroin addict homeless garbage juice dick cheese tall handsome abusechad behind the dumpster where he sleeps and lick up the crusty off his smelly rancid penis. all women would do this for a tall handsome man. nothing more to it.
just be one of the worlds most influential computer programmers bro
