rip previous thread edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
Previous >>73172501 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcvnmwrsJn8 [Embed]
alas, I wasn't in time to save the last thread with a chocomaid...
tfw no city pop gf
tfw no city pop gf indeed :( I've been trying for an eternity to get the 80s hairstyle but all I got was the AI making the artstyle 80s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iN4vpQ5_xA [Embed]
Would've saved it but I was moments too late...
Chocomommy
It is now Kyoko hours
Hii Rochelle welcome back :))
Occult Hana
My boyish wife looks so happy. I just want to brush that cute red hair from her eyes and give her a kiss.
She lives in a very comfy town. A cute muscled tomboy like her must have so much to do there.
Cute wifey wife.
Hiking, biking, rafting, climbing, skiing, etc etc. She would be very active in the comfy mountain town.
getting real thirsty all of a sudden
tried experimenting with her hair to distinguish her more from Nicole, kinda just ended up with Eleanor :/
Occult hana more like a cute hana
It appears she's feeling playful tonight
Dark Souls Basilisk Hana?
Every Hana is a cute Hana though
Long time no see, friend. May I have a Satsuki?
For such a populat haircut it seems to not understand the hime cut. I had better prompting out the individual traits (blunt bangs, blunt ends, sidelocks) rather than just using "hime cut"
that be true, Hana always a cute
a silly goober if you will
I like these eyes, and I don't know where they're coming from. I tried "disembodied eyes" but they didn't show up until I after I deleted the prompt.
Nicolanor is cute too lol
Brand new Satsuki, by special request!
the birds turned out better than I expected
she looks beautiful :O How do you get that kinda artstyle in nemu?
Blessed be
Basalisk eyes again
1980s_style, retro_artstyle, film_grain, and backlighting do the heavy lifting, I think
Occult Hana is mega huggable
Good evening, but good night. Goodnight /aiwg/
she looks really warm want cuddles
thanks for the prompts :)) Will try them out!
good to see you around scientist anon, enjoy your sleep :))
i think we took too much...
Eyes b gone I guess
And she has thousands of tentacles to hug you back!
Impossible geometry cuddling with waifu
Felt inspired to make chocolate flavor Rochelle. Reminds me of casca from berserk desu.
I'd generate more cute wife pictures but I'm still hungover from drinking so much earlier. I need to sleep and hopefully dream of her.
I hope she enjoyed her time at the beach getting that tasty tan
Heavenly Kyoko and not so heavenly Nicole
the bird has a moHAWK
heh get it, hawk
havent been able to stop making cute girls, i've never really messed with AI before for image generating so this is new.
prompts are finicky.
Wasn't here very long but I'm off to bed, night aiwg.
Wrong they are both heavenly women.
Night night Rochelle :))
Back to some Nicole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOB0TNEBRhA [Embed]
The waifu emerges from the painting
The painting was the last thread
morning
the goa doth rises from the depths of the torrential darkness
morning :>
nice wings, it's always nice when more than 1 pair appears
sweet song
sweet boobs
Yeah feeling the casca-vibe
But not bad
ravioli ravioli petting the angel loli
sensible chuckle
to be sandwiched between them
Now try to merge them
waifu looks a bit tired as well, possibly also hung over
Very tentacle, sorta eldritch I like it
playing around with the pollock prompts again
Good morning Goa
Good night /aiwg/
Sorry Saeriah...
Trying to get the tentacles coming out of a wormhole or something.
nighty night
sweet tiddies and rip
now when you say wormhole do you mean which orifice?
Nicole I think your bird got lost in the Goa dimension
Ideally no holes are for worms but maybe you can set me straight.
Smug spess eyes
Nicole scares me sometimes, and I find that very hot
night Saeriah! Sleep well :))
wormhole you say?
fear not for she has an infinite supply of edgy birds. Maybe she and goa are now in the same dimension
Imagine a symbiotic relationship between magical hole worms (imagine earthworm style worms rather than thin parasitic worms) and your waifu, where they enhance her holes with all the slimy wiggling around, and also aid in her being horny 24/7 because she has worms providing near constant stimulus
Imagine sinking your dick into the tight slimy hole with worms going crazy inside of it
Imagine your waifu being horny and dripping out goops of worms and slime
Imagine her breast getting larges and fuller as the worms breed inside of her breasts as well having to help her "milk" them out from time to time when her breasts get sore and super bloated, imagine the worms are an extension of your own waifu rather than individual beings, and if you're into it, imagine getting sounded by your waifus worms while having sex with her, imagine getting infected by your waifus worms and having them be a part of you
time to sigh in sexual perversion
Oh no my waifu is turning into random art
Time to try some other prompts
Hanging around and discussing dimension things
cheeky smug, very nice
Hm, that's a bit too far for my tastes.
Trying to make birds appear and I get this insane image
Very nice
Menacing Goa and a lot less menacing retarded pigeon familiar in the background doing its best
last one of evil Nicole, colab kicked me off before I could make more :(
UOWAHHHH SEEGGGGSSSSS
rip, but nice evil Nicole
Love the red in the hair and background as well
Meanwhile I get nice Goa but no bird
Kyoko returns
I imagine goa flapping her arms like a bird trying to fly would be very adorable.
Holy milk
All the birds have left Goa it looks like
guess you better make use of those wings goa
Cute moe shoggoth in her left hand
Well, now her wings are birds
it is kawaii uguu
SEX THIGHS
When both the bird and the Goa judge you
https://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/6276339?q=touhou
I am not gay but hear me out
POV: Nicole wants to hug you
I want my face between her thighs uohohoh
I want to hear it say "tekkeli-li uguu"
Good luck prying my face out
sharing is caring. One on each side pretty please
hmmmmm, idk if that's true for wives...
Goa looking absolutely demonic in this one
Added "jellyfish" for eldritch blobs.
really cool, really feather
mommy goa
the line between bird and person is breaking
One more realistic Goa image, sadly could not go any more extreme than
did you make elves with flowers in their hair in the past, maybe?
mind dropping the prompts for her outfit (if any)? Wanna try genning Nicole/Kyoko in them
nope, though I do frequently have flowers in my waifu gens I've never genned any elves before
try as I may I still cant stop putting hats on my waifus
I've got no prompts for cloths, but I think the prompts affecting them are
feathers, white feathers, black feathers, scales
Sorry it took a while, I went straight to napping after that post because I had just finished edging to anime traps for 2 "straight" hours
thanks anyways, I'll play around with those tags.
don't we all
Cool hats, and a happy bird
Might have slept for longer if not woken up by my own drooling
sometimes when I wake up from drooling I feel disgusted and can't fall back to sleep
Morning aiwg. Playing with Rochelles appearance because bored and made brown hair Rochelle.
Nothing better than a waifu who can be very intimidating
That's pretty hot ngl.
Hats are cool so why not
Morning Rochelle :)) Hope you're well rested
I accidentally turned Nicole into the girl with the ghosts from Genshin
You guys make this look easy. I had so many messed up creations. Weird legs, disproportionate arms and such. This one turned out kinda alright though
I'm as well rested as I can be.
Honestly Nicole and kyoko are two of my favorite non-rochelle waifus here
In general I gen a lot and only post the good ones
heh both of them or probably the least lewd waifus on here
found an older gen, pretty comfy
Been a while since I used these prompts
Needed something different because when scrolling through my download folder I an't tell what I have and have not posted
I need to manage my Goas better, especially since only about half of what I get genned ends up being posted to the thread usually until there are too much pictures and I just throw them into the Goa megafolder and start filling the download folder all over again
I need a secretary to help me manage things
Yeah
Brown hair is pretty nice, wonder what else ill tweak out of boredom
Sometimes simple is better.
Goa in the archives, not happy about her new "job"
I think this is out of about 75, where I experimented a lot with the parameters. People posting some of prompts they found useful was a big help though. I was close to getting an art nouveau-style/Edward Mucha look mixed with anime. (but some strange disfigurement kept occurring) That's what I am wanting to achieve eventually. Diggin' the hats on yours though. Very nice look.
It's just a lot of trial and error, my friend.
With experience, things will seem easier for you. Play around. Experiment.
Also, good morning!
Can I sit there?
This is what happens when half of hats in danbooru are from hers.
Pigeon Goa
Smug smug smug
Goa, are you eating properly? You seems hungry.
Oh, I still have that red Ascii saved there.
Good morning!
I've already come a long way from the initial tries. (still room for improvement, of course.) It was a bit ago that I came across one of these threads and needless to say, I did not get to bed at the intended time.
good god do I wish I was /fit/ like that, too bad I'm a twig
goa a cute 
In general I just always have the ((portrait)) tag because I dont want to deal with the limbs heheh
ohayou :))
Passed the first module, time for a second one
Dang, this one is a golden. And yes, the limbs get very...interesting. One that I was experimenting with was always having her legs spread open, regardless of changing the positive and negative prompts and the sliders.
personally I don't touch the sliders partly because sometimes it gets a little wonky and partly because I'm dumb. I just keep them in the center
Well, I'm going to try that then. That may be why I've been getting all of these mutated monsters over here.
it is a good morning for chocomaids
helo Asci :)) Great to see you around!
She looks very embarassed and it arouses me, i want to get her to be more embarassed
also Goa about eating
Boi X Enin
I like red skin
not touching the sliders gang rise up
MOCA LOCO CHOCOLADE UNGA BUNGA WHOOP WHOOP AWOOGA
Man, I'll never have a black gf
I started to hear bag pipes when i saw her dress, I like it
Comfy going to bed with nicole
cute
eternally comfy
erotic thighs
ignore the wonky hand
Counterfeit does not want to make a chubby or fat Goa, but I got soft little girl legs if nothing else
pomf and squish
resting my head on goa's erotic thighs as she pets me with her wonky hand
Girls embarrassed about gaining weight is very good
Lying in chocowaifus lap and having her rest her breasts on my face
After a lot of messing around with Rochelles prompts I have created a new girl. What shall I name her.
I like her hair :O. I'm pretty shit at names doe
Me too unfortunately, most good names I think of are just luck.
she gives me a knightly vibe in this one, really like her!
Look at this adorable little chubster
super based
Random name generator gave me Kara, which I think fits her well.
Bird hat bird hat
squish the goa
Nicole's wacky hat collection continues to expand
It says failed to fetch :(
Quick Kyoko intermission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--zQyrWF9_k [Embed]
aom is borked for me right now
good thing I have a chocomaid backlog
bot hours again
All the models are botted to oblivion. Least I have some extra Kara and Rochelle in the meantime.
feelinmg eepy now goodnight /awig./ have an extra comfy Nicole
nighty night comfy nicole
Please stomp my balls Kyoko and spit in my mouth
I wanna call her Mona for some reason
those boobs look super based
nice name
Yeah, hope I have enough leftovers again to be able to post anything
Goodnight Nicole, sleep well and have some very original dreams.
A handy tool gets reposted in these bot hours
https://ai-meme.com/
Make shitty memes from waifu pictures, a nice way to repost, without reposting, when you aren't able to gen anything
Be warned though they are so facebook tier usually that you kinda don't even want to post them
Rochelle and Kara together, I think it's funny that the ai says Kara should be taller than rochelle.
hey this one's not bad
Be honest, how many hours a day do you spend either sitting or laying in bed?
Yes, I only wanted to repost this image again because it's so good
a lot
Almost as much as I do sitting on the toilet
#IBSgang
#foodallergies
#MYASSHOLEISBLEEDING
#Hemorrhoidcreamuser
good gracious those are some primo goathighs
usually just 20 minutes or so before sleepytime
Unprompted tan Kara.
2-3 at most not counting the time I'm asleep
Yeah, best ones in a while, here's the same pic without the text
Also them boobs are some booba de prime chocotitto grande
when will bot hell end so i can generate pretty pictures of my wife?
Alright last Kara and Rochelle I had in my backlog, hopefully bot hell ends soon.
404 page not found
nemu is down
I lied, one more
No more waifus :(
https://twitter.com/nemusonaUwU/status/1653841897218093056
waifu generator will be down until i figure out what the fuck happened
Digging through my folder and found some old expiremental waifus that I never posted.
Bots probably fucked it up, hope it comes back online soon.
Rip
Talking of, anyone got nemuwaifu saved anywhere? The light blue ears and hair catgirl? She was nice, but I don't have her saved
If I remember correctly this girl was a result of me trying to Gen yamato from one piece (and failing miserably)
rip in pepperoni nemu, cum back soon
Repoasting since nemu is down
hello /aiwg/
Probably the closest I ever got to achieving yamato
And I knew exactly what I wanted to gen today, shucks
hiya reposteriah
I want the maid to boss me around
very yamato
sex with oni
It's SO over
Oof
This is why I never log into anything / use anything that requires to log in
I should have read the red warning lol. If someone doxxes me, I have a ton of good boy points saved up and I'm willing to share them.
PEEKABOO I SEE YOU
an oddly creepy image from my archives
Moments before peeing herself I guess
Definitely was not the original purpose of this image but now I can't see it as anything else
Since we're running on fumes while nemu is down whats the earliest Gen of your waifu that you still have?
This is the earliest Rochelle in my folder. Not much has changed but she's barely a month or so old.
in the absence of nemu, I've gone crawling back to prodia for the first time in months and I'm pleasantly surprised by the gens I'm getting with the Lyriel V1.5 model
This is the oldest Goa image, before Goa really became Goa and I was just playing around with stuff like empty eyes and messy hair
One of the oldest Saeriah gens I could find, not counting the ones from before she really became solidified as a character.
Late January.
The generator itself has improved quite a bit since then.
Then the body type was decided on
Then the first idea was to make her a homeless loli orphan waifu, but soon after I seemingly just went "why not angel wings fallen angel, horns etc he-he demon girl"
Original Satsuki from mid-February. Pretty crazy I got up near a thousand gens before a named waifu appeared.
Looking at my archives, there were some more angelic and demonic results, and I seem to have at first thought of making Goa just a normal angel, but the first ever truly Goa image is this I think, that really solidified the whole design and character
Earliest non-lewd gen for Willa the Witch.
I haven't kept count but I probably hit 4000 before even naming any of them (at just above 6000 now). But I am a horny lewdcrafter rather than a waifufag, Willa just became my most genned so claimed top spot of the harem. In the early days I mainly gen'd Yae Miko from Genshin Impact since for whatever reason the bot recognised her so she was the perfect test subject for posing and ironing out kinks in prompt lists.
Prodia Saeriah goes hard, even when it forgets to make her eyes red.
Funnily enough before I made Rochelle I was genning brown hair green eyed tomboys, guess I've come full circle now.
Yeah, this thing's kind of based now, damn. Officially shutting the hell up about it so it doesn't get swamped. I plugged in the original Satsuki tags from >>73190935 and got this
The gens that are otherwise the best are sadly the ones where the eyes aren't red.
Going to work again, hoping nemu will be up again when I get back. If not, then this thing is pretty cool
Yeah, let's keep the bots away from it
The idea I had for Goa gens tonight was make Goa shroomfu edition (nromal and bioluminescent one) but as the ai is out that'll have to wait tomorrow or whenever the ai is back online
I'll leave behind the shroomfu prompts if anyone is interested in trying them out, 2 varieties, bioluminescent one (glowshrooms) and normal shroomfu (the classic)
pale skin, body horror, fungi, fungus, mushroom, parasite, parasites, spreading, growth, infection, infected, blood, veins, webbing, mycelium, mold, moldy, transformation, alien, corrupted, corruption, horror, sick, disease, dead, bioluminescence, glowing eyes, glowing, glowing breasts, glowing nipples, glowing blood, glowing veins, moss, bleeding, lactation. wedding dress, tattered, torn
pale skin, body horror, fungi, fungus, mushroom, parasite, parasites, spreading, growth, infection, infected, blood, veins, webbing, mycelium, mold, moldy, transformation, alien, corrupted, corruption, horror, sick, disease
nighty night
Sudden 
Goodnight Goanon
Nighty night goanon. I might try out a shroomfu or two.
nut cum sex squish
Sorting through my holding folders while the bot is down (it has 1400 files, I am very disorganised)
So it says here under 'computer experience' you have thousands of ai generated waifus. Could you tell us some more about this?
I don't know if I can trust this gobbo with my darkest secrets...
nemu here
idk what went wrong but i fixed it by nuking everything in my infra 
currently only anything 4.5 is available and working on seeing if it is stable so feel free to test it
blessed nemu
