my wife is so cute, i love her
my wife
in a parallel universe maybe lmao
That girl is a cutie but I hope you are mentally ok, OP.
You're very lucky, anon. You should kill yourself anyway.
its called keeping my queens in check
making sure they dont stray
i know my queens be tracking me
yall weird like that i guess...
i said what i said to throw you off
heh nothing personeell kid
can i get the top right photo but with less cropping??? preferably with less cropping on the bottom and left side? i just think a photo like that would look better that's all. can you get that for me? i'd like to see what that would look like
anon you bitch Im waiting hurry the fuck up
I want to see her get fucked by a GIANT BBC
Why do women think these dresses where it looks like they wear their skirts under their boobs are attractive? It makes them look fat or pregnant.
I would suffer and she will too if we were together. My life wouldn't change or be any better if she were my wife. Yeah, i would felt love and everything but my life is horrible she would be an escape. Jesus. 
Only Agatha could save me.
She dresses like a skank. Showing cleavage, midriff, or wearing skirts or shorts that show more than 20% of the thigh is whore behaviour.
frankie
natty
b
i wont psychologically torment you guys ever again, i promise
that being said - i want you guys to have fun, but when the time comes, you have to break up with your bfs,
also, dont let them touch you too much
would my queens let emiru become a queen?
She wouldnt piss on you if you were on fire jej
OP is going to be cucked which he deserves for being a lying nigger or trying to make less fortunate anons jealous. Probably will like it too because he is a faggot cuck.
I think it looks hot anon you might just be gay.
She dresses like a skank. Showing cleavage, midriff, or wearing skirts or shorts that show more than 20% of the thigh is whore behaviour.
a normal women state is slut
Im a rape that bitch and make you watch kek
I would be sincerely happy for you if you weren't obviously lying. That girl is 100% either getting pounded by a CEO or a black man or is single and raking in money off Onlyfans.
There are no good ones left.
she has bbc desiring eyes.. sorry anon but youre getting cucked
