Robots, what Are your thoughts on FtM twinks?
Imagine kidnapping her and forcing her to grow long hair and wear a dress.
Literally built for mpreg
That they're abominations and gravely mentally ill who should be kept away from children.
Would satisfy their fujo tastes.
t. bi male
That creature is very cute and fuckable but I seriously doubt they all are
My current fwb is a FtM but she isn't a twink. Bitch kind of built like a fridge but I still hit it because I'm gross and don't have any other prospects at the moment.
she take it in the ass or the pussy? Does she ever want to fuck you instead of fucking her?
cute until the baldness and bearding kicks in
Pussy. She isn't into anal stuff, but she is the first person I've ever encountered that gives rimjobs. Shit takes me to another level of horniness when she starts tonguing my boyhole.
They're shit.
Literally, they're just tomboys, but they wanna be called men.
Fuck off with that bullshit. And especially fuck off if you're a FtM """twink""" that gets a fake cock.
I am extremely autistic about words please don't trigger me
kek
Words? These are terms and delusions to me. They call themselves FtM and want me to call them a dude. They're not a dude. It's more than words, they want me to play into their fantasy. Fuck that.
Literally 100% of them are into getting raped by men.
Yet they pretend to be men in their daily life.
Insane.
Any FTMs ITT: Would you be a "gay" workout buddy to a bio male?
fujoshi pussy... need...
Tomboys and NBs could also be fun for this.
Huh you just made me realize this pattern, 100% true. They all want to be face fucked and pumped like a sex toy by father-figure men if you get to know them in my experience.
is the accepted ranking tomboys >> nbs >> ftms
i have an enby girl who i crush on but i'm not sure if she's lesbian or not
If you are a dorky guy Lesbians will go wild for you.
what are lesbian's opinions of sillypilled guys. i just embrace the silly life and do silly thinks like climb trees and say silly things
FtM twinks make me sad. I just see what could've been a cute woman. And most of them like men, wtf? You have narrowed your options to creepy weirdos when you could've gotten a good man easily. I don't get it.
No such thing as a strict "lesbian". I'm a beautiful man and I've had plenty of "lesbian" girls suddenly turn straight for me. (oh wow what a miracle!...almost like it's just a social coping mechanism and not a real sexual orientation.)
90% of lesbians were abused as kids and are trying to avoid men, the other 10% have a brain that works more like that of a man and actually want to chase women.
Most of those gay FTMs are fujoshis. They're women who jacked off just a bit too much to gay anime boys, and started to imagine themselves as the gay anime boy. Combine that with the social affirmation and support you get for being trans nowadays, and they end up transitioning.
It's a mix of the fact that the guys they self-insert as are twinks, and they probably also subconsciously realize they won't even remotely pass as anything but a twink.
If these chicks were born 15 years ago, they'd probably be smacking Hetalia cosplayers with yaoi paddles at their local anime convention instead.
This guy is a knower
They're cute! Cute! And I would love to have one as my cute boyfriend
I might have to cruise the local college and score a few.
Just be a tomboy for fuck's sake. And to the MtFs, just settle for being a femboy. I like androgyny but the pronoun shit is retarded.
dated an FTM,
she was cute, but also had a shit ton of psychological issues that i never noticed until she blew up on me.
