apply for dishwashing
Told to come into restaurant and see what they do for some reason
Told to wait for them to call today
They never call
Damn, I thought Uncle Ted said these jobs are easy, and I gave the manager a firm handshake and all.
What kind of restaurant was it? Having worked in restaurants and as a dishie I can't imagine not getting hired as a dishwasher. What do you think happened? Maybe try a different restaurant and call first to talk to the managers and see if you find one that you can tell really needs a dishwasher badly. Also lie if you have to about previous restaurant experience.
A bougie one. One for really, really rich clientele and a lot of staff, I can tell the dishwasher is forced to do more things than just dishwash. It's in the pay after all. Anyway my guess is I'm too old, my work wear wasn't what they wanted, or their employees have to be young and fit in with them.
Sad part is I was about to email them my food cert, but at least now I realize that would be stupid.
There's a lot of bars in the area, but of course they don't advertise jobs online. I just think I would be wasting my time going down there, asking if they're hiring, and then they look at me like a retarded monkey in a suit.
I'm a bit schizo about it, but I feel like a blackball was placed on me beyond the last place I worked. I don't know who I pissed off, but it feels like I pissed off someone.
I don't know if you've worked in many restaurants but I have. Calling any random place and asking a manager if they need anyone on dish is just fine to do, and a lot of places constantly need that because people who work as dishwashers often tend to be flaky. You'd probably have better luck than waiting for applications and calls back, etc.
In fact I have not.
I didn't expect it to be that easy.
Even so, I'm self conscious on that. Still don't want to be that retarded monkey that talks to them about jobs instead of ordering their stuff.
I suppose I'll try tomorrow. It's a bit late to call them now.
why the fuck would you want to be a dishwasher? only thing worse than that is being a janny
A lot of restaurants have staffing issues right now. I've known restaurant managers deeply and trust me they'll probably thank their lucky stars for a call like that and it'll leave a good impression on them.
mindless job you can zone out doing. Also they take any warm body usually so you can get work experience here to apply to better jobs with.
You'll also get promoted fairly quickly as a dishwasher to other positions in the restaurant if you show a half decent work ethic and consistency and reliability. I started as a dishie after a long stint of being a NEET and then learned how to do basically every restaurant job now I have a lot of options for applying to new jobs if I need to.
Funny story, I was that as well. In fact I got fired because I upset management.
Easiest job in the world over there but to put it politely, office politics runs heavy down there, and I was enemy number 3ish.
I fucking hate unemployment, but the good thing is they didn't fight it.
don't be a dishwasher anon, there are better lives out there
For some reason, I'm proof they don't.
I've applied to fucking McDonalds, and best they do is 25 minimum wage hours.
We raise them based on performance
Sure, Juan.
Even then they "will take 2 weeks for a decision".
Same with all the pizza places.
Same with all the little retirement homes and hospitals that want a janitor.
Quite frankly, I'm at a loss on how to not be a bum. Feels like no matter what I do, all I get is my data harvested from some shitty site like Indeed, or I just get nothing and "we wish you well on your career search ;)"
what's a good job for a socially anxious schizoid NEET?
