I'm sure many of you feel like this too
I no longer have any close friends
I've never experienced love
I feel like I can't discuss what's important to me (this post) with the people in my life
I could go on
This is what women wanted for men who aren't tall and handsome. They wanted you to suffer.
This is not the solution
What solution? Are you schizophrenic? What are you talking about?
You sound schizophrenic and gay
ok, faggot, nobody cares
you are malding hard, touch grass simp.
Serves them right for making women suffer for 10k years by forcing them to have torture sex with ugly men.
Zoomie zoom zoom
Very poorly written bait, try harder simp cuck.
dad molesty molesty victim
Moar bumps pls
moar face saving feigned calmness topic shifting seethe please
I'd be willing to talk about those feelings with you, OP.
I haven't had an IRL friend in 8 years. An online friend in 3, going on 4. It's like I've got multiple reasons for both, but I've almost forgotten them at this point. Real life or online I was never someone that mattered. 
I've said it before and I'll say it again:
How much piss does someone have to boil?
no i dont want to talk to you
quite rude, sissy
Very insightful
None
What is your week like?
ill stick a shovel up your anus thats what
My week says you are a gay faggot.
So you don't get it? Some motherfucker ordered thousands of litres of piss and boiled it in an attempt to create the philosophers stone but all he created was phosphorous.
My week has been horrible. I'm chugging vodka.
Elaborate
What happened exactly
No I don't get it. Where do you order piss?
This is some discord reject thread?
You'd know more about it than me
Quik boi
I guess I should have checked IP count
go back to /x/ retarded schizo
What is your endgame originaIIy
There is none
I'm just tryna boil piss
Trying to make gold like Hennig?
who the fuck is hennig
The guy that boiled piss and discovered phosphorus in 1669
Dude's a legend
You can't boil piss ah ha ha
You can if you're Hennig, the legend
I get that I'm the 6th wheel in your personal discord thread but at least let me cum before running me out
I legit don't know what you're talking about. I'm just lonely and trying to distract myself
i cummed pissed shitted and farted on this retards thread and he submissively took it.
You win I guess
here is the bitch trying to feign le epic detached calmness le u win faggot retard lmao
I think you need this thread more than me
heckin calmerino more than me erino 
dont be such a scared bitch lmao
What do you want me to do? Get MAD???
Do you want to talk about your problem Anon?
RWG8TD
Not like that preciate it though
AAAhhh haa haa aha
i want you to keep being a scared bitch LMAO whiny little frightened pussy bitch
Big mouf hehe
Thanks for staving off my emptiness for an hour. I'll be here all week
You're ebic
too sad you can't function on social media
