kissing in a field edition
previous
first for cats
i hope everyone is having an alright time&lt;3 whatre you watching these days?
I saw knock at the cabin last night and it was great. I didn't expect much so maybe that's why
no bf to run away to a countryside cottage that still has high speed internet
bf destroys all need for the internet. i can be comfy and get cuddles and read. given the opportunity i would never fucking return.
bf destroys all need for the internet.
Anon I work remotely...
I think I still would like to have the internet. I just wouldn't need porn if I had a bf to lewd with.
Me same. I fucking hate this place. I love youuuuuuuu
fuck this shit
i'm glad i made a post you resonated with
love, your secret admirer
I thought the whole gay thing was just a weird fetish or phase i'd get over. I always thought those "you missed out on teen love" posts were cringe and didn't care at all, until I realized I want a bf. Now I'm super depressed.
Im 21 almost 22 and spent all my teen years actively avoiding all people, friendships and experiences. I'm not sure I even want friends, just a bf to do things with and have life experiences so those years wouldn't be a total waste.
Even if I get one now I don't know if it will be enough with me quickly approaching or already being in weird creepy incel territory rather than cute inexperienced gay boy, and twink death. Everyone I see online over my age is haggard and weird looking as fuck. It seems like the prime years are 18-20. I wish more than anything I could go back and try again.
Rant over
mexican shinji
hilarious
Everyone I see online over my age is haggard and weird looking as fuck.
alright fuck you too bitch
Do you love me 
I am very lonely
as much as a person on the internet can love another parasocially i suppose
I don't know man I'm just so tired of life I would do anything to even be happy again.
What about you?
Don't worry man just move on to e-relationship #11
i have given up hope on being happy, but my current hope is that i can find a way to coexist with my misery.
yeah, M. Night Shyamalan, so
Ahem! I have an announcement to make. I want to have sex with vampires. That is all.
Yeah, yeah, who doesn't?
I don't know. This could be a werewolf fag neighboorhood.
It's fucking 3AM why am I still awake.
Hopefully the fucking package gets here tomorrow I've been waiting a week. 
I love all the Anons I love and hate all the Anons I hate. 
Good Night.
Much love from the honorable MexiAnon.
Then look for one, nigger. I'm a 28 year old washout who had a similar problem and look where that got me.
This >>73184991 anon here
My real advice is for you to kill yourself
its the only way
While I'd love to do that, I believe that prolonging my suffering is preferable. I imagine how horrible it'll be when I reach my 40's and the anguish is almost palpable.
Not after what happened later. It was before we stopped talking. It was a very stupid argument but it was more of an issue of me having a hard time improving and him being a bit colder towards me, tho he was still very sweet when i did a good job.
can tell he still cares, still wants to care even
Actually he tried to be nice still but it hurt he wasn't really interested in mundane, everyday talks like we used to have. 
yeah when the relationship falls and youre just stuck in a mode together where one or both are completely apathetic about the conversation- thats a really shitty feeling. but feelings reach equilibrium eventually, its not like after a few months of not talking he wont be happy to hear from you
He tried to motivate me :c
he wants you back in his life and wants to see you succeed
i thought i clicked 1h dammit
whoopsies
Maybe drinking lol
v rude i am not drinking that much. and i still type just fine even when im near blackout drunk. some of my posts to you i WAS and i still had grammar and shit :D
It might bug me until i do it. 
relatable. maybe the time between posts makes it doubtable but when i have to respond to you i think about it multiple times a day everyday 
 I'll try to answer as much as i can tho
okay
Neither do i! 
same! although ive been more open online for awhile. its says in my type that we dont open up to people ever and i dont think
How are you doing btw?
im fine. im in a mess because im not meeting my goals because my brain and life are kind of in a mess, i can fix it but ive been lazy. mostly working on my relationship because i kinda got too wrapped up in other shit and everything suffered as a result. but my relationship is stabilizing and my life is increasingly back on track so im mostly happy :D still upset in general that i am where i am but i guess whatever
oh ok then I got it
just continue to self isolate till you stop caring 
by the time you're in your 30s you wont care 
also pick up smoking because its cool
Nigger you're 21. You're allowed to make this kind of post only when you reach 30.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY I LOVE YOU!!!
be at store
see kaworu in isle
You know he wouldn't be able to stop me desu
Rape would be inbound and he could do nothing about it
I'm gonna start pretending to have an imaginary bf.
I'm 24
It doesn't get better lol. People around you will mysteriously have very easy time forming relationships, even when they don't want to, and you'll struggle every day just to have a basic platonic online friendship with people you've never met in real life.
Highlight is when this friend complains to you about how often people compliment him, want to spend time with him and want to help him constantly.
God
Sexo please have sex with me muchacho
UHMM ANON PLEASE DATE ME ANON SEXO!!!
I never liked this kind of post. Its an anonymous imageboard. There is no way to reply to this.
just reply where do you live
God fucking dammit. The days when you have to do something always end up with other things piled up on top of the original task like ffs do i have to be overwhelmed I can't even gym until late at night arghhhhh
I just turned 18 two months ago and i'm still a khhv. It's so over :(
image
yep thats deserved and I hope you stay a KHHV forever!!!
Shut up you stupid Jewdog
I have so much to do today and i'm feeling very anxious so it might take a while to read that post. I actually don't even check this thread that often now, i still didn't read most of the last one. 
I should be free tomorrow as i will go to the shitllage and won't have much to do(hopefully). I can use that time to browse 4chan and read that paste. 
can tell he still cares, still wants to care even
Yeah... he is a very loyal guy.
its not like after a few months of not talking he wont be happy to hear from you
I kinda hope he moves on, as much as that would suck for me. If that happens then i would just be reminding him of something he is already at peace with. I would like to hear what he is up to. But only if he starts talking to me first. Then i would know he wants to do so out of his own free will and not because i'm forcing him to.
some of my posts to you i WAS and i still had grammar and shit :D
Lol so proud 
he wants you back in his life and wants to see you succeed
Yes. But he wants me back if i succed in making my life better which is fair but also not really possible so :(
I can't subject him to my daily temper tantrums over smallest of things.
relatable
I see. Idk what to say. Don't feel obligated, just let me know if you don't wanna respond. I don't like when there is no reason given but i'm ok when someone doesn't want to talk. Not saying you don't want to btw, just saying you don't have to
same! although ive been more open online for awhile.
Probably not smart but eh... i don't think most people care enough desu
How are you doing btw?
Sounds mostly positive. Just stay on the right track then and don't lose sight of what's most important.
I believe in you, anon, what's the most important thing today?
Does /r9gay/ like dudes with bellies?
I wouldn't not like a dude with a belly but as a physical quality in and of itself I'm lukewarm on it.
But I have no right to be judgy because it's not like I'm that hot.
ok in a completely hypothetical situation how bad of a person would I be if i hypothetically wanted to bang Schrodinger from Hellsing Ultimate? Remember this is completely hypothetical
Hell no
But do you have a belly? Are you fat?
But do you have a belly?
A small one, and shrinking,
Are you fat?
No
This actually makes you a good person, hypothetically
I have one but it doesn't matter because I'm far too much of a sperg to have a bf anyways
I still don't like it, though.
yes big hairy bellies
Thanks, i finished the main thing. I had to meet up with a friend of a friend and deliver some books i picked up for him from someone else earlier today since he couldn't do any of that himself. I don't know any of those people though. I hate social interractions or leaving my house more than 1 or 2 times a day max. Today i will have to do it more than that :(
Based bear appreciator
Don't follow incel footsteps. Don't repeat their mistakes. Don't persist on your errors. 
Use dating apps. Meet new people. Have a date. Live a little. Stop repressing your sexuality. Stop denying who you are.
It doesn't get better
It does if you do something about it, which you never did. 
Platonic online friendships with anonymous strangers
This right here is your problem. And real life dating is the solution. It isn't the one you want, but it's the one you need.
fucking hell, here we go again
Every day until you stop being a shut in celibate
FO FOOK SAKE!!!! HUE YOU NONCE SHUT UP!!!!
Feeling not that bad today. Hopefully I'll bring myself to do stuff. Wish I had a bf, but that would require not being a failure, and that means work, like a lot of it...
Let's make a deal: you go to a date irl and I leave the thread forever, never to return
Nice rabbit picture.
Can someone help me ;-;
My phone might die. I dropped it into the water but i dried it and it works. What do?
Looka like paste will have to wait. I dropped my PHONE INTO THE WATER and it still works but idk what to do. Can i charge it? Battery will run out and i'm worried. I will lose access to some of my accounts and a buncha passwords and messages that are importnt. What do what do
I will also be without internet starting tomorrow and i can't even post when the battery dies in a bit.
Why is everything so old here. Maybe that's part of my problem.
I don't know shit about wet phones but you could just look it up, you know.
https://www.whistleout.com/CellPhones/Guides/Wet-phone-what-to-do-if-you-drop-your-phone-in-water
Basically you need to turn it off and wait for it to dry.
These nights pass so much quicker than the days did.
yeah dumbass it's called sleeping
tfw no bf to fuck me in the ass while I grind agility
I'm sorry.
I'm very hungry but my conscious is telling me I'm not skinny enough.
I'm not skinny enough.
nobody is
when'd you last eat something?
Last night I was eating popcorn for some reason.
I hope all these buns don't mind having their pics shared online. Or having them taken in the first place ._.
What kinds of creatures do you like anon?
You should probably eat a real meal, and less popcorn
Go, get some actual fucking nutrients in you
I actually don't even check this thread that often now, i still didn't read most of the last one.
i stopped paying attention to the threads between when i first talked about paste bin stuff and when i actually posted it. like over a week of total absence
I should be free tomorrow as i will go to the shitllage and won't have much to do(hopefully). I can use that time to browse 4chan and read that paste.
sounds fun
Yeah... he is a very loyal guy.
why not try to do the work to be with him?
Lol so proud
its a great ability i have, my mind never goes (as long as im awake) i never really slur my speech or fall over or say things i regret- no matter how drunk i am
Yes. But he wants me back if i succed in making my life better which is fair but also not really possible so :(
why isnt it possible though?
I can't subject him to my daily temper tantrums over smallest of things.
why dont you just change your bad behaviors out for other ones?
I see. Idk what to say. Don't feel obligated, just let me know if you don't wanna respond. I don't like when there is no reason given but i'm ok when someone doesn't want to talk. Not saying you don't want to btw, just saying you don't have to
yeah and i thought about saying that like telling you ill get it done by a certain date or something. but i dont want to. i want to keep talking. im just bad at responding. but i enjoy the back and fourth
Probably not smart but eh... i don't think most people care enough desu
im pretty good at controlling information, what people know about me and stuff
Sounds mostly positive. Just stay on the right track then and don't lose sight of what's most important.
yeah, i suppose; how are things for you?
lol yeah just wait for all the water inside to evaporate. silly boy &lt;3
why are you losing your internet?
tfw time to put the chicken in the salt water, I can't forget because I don't want to have to eat frozen stuff again.
Tfw no husband bf to tease by putting just my fingertips under his boxers while we're both watching a movie
Tfw no husband bf who gropes me whenever he wants
Tfw no husband bf who gradually grows more emotionally distant until he leaves me for someone younger
that's fucked up anon you shouldn't want that
I know, letting your husband grope you whenever they want is a road to being sexually abused and disrespected
I wouldn't mind him doing it as long as he would back off if I said no or stop. 
plus I'm very horny so I'd likely enjoy it.
tfw no bf with whom to visit his parents for the first time and look at his childhood photos
tfw no married to a woman bf who just uses me whenever his wife won't put out and has no intention of a serious relationship.
I have fantasies of sexually harassing my future husband by groping him.
can't sexually harass me if I want it... plus I'll grope you back.
Hot! God I'm lonely and old
I will brutally rape you Anon.
I'll keep myself lubed and ready for you at any time, so you can't rape the willing.
If only you were younger and skinny Storyanon, if only...
how do you always know it's me? Anyway with my hemorrhoids I doubt I could even bottom.
tfw no husband bf who won't take no for an answer
You add a little enter space to every child post.
what do you mean? a very original question
Heard a guy in russia was deported for arranging a date, lmao. Poor gay ruskies. Their anti propaganda law is so purposefully loose you can be arrested for doing anything gay
Better deported than stuck in a Russian prison or drafted for fodder in Ukraine.
god, this country fucking sucks, I hate living it
hey what the fuck they're making me leave?
tfw no russian bf to rescue from Putin, and buy him a tracksuit to squat in.
He was german, which brings the question: what do they do with the russian gays that can't be deported?
Love it or leave it 
Oh look, an autocracy
don't engage with obvious huenigger concern trolling about nmuh normalnigger faggots in other countries by the way
throw them in horrid Russian prisons where ironically enough rape is rife. Same with the army, hazing and rape are just part of life.
You should have gay empathy, self hating queen
Ice cream tastes so good after chemotherapy mmmmm makes my stomach feel better
If you have cancer why aren't you taking the easy way out?
Hey cancer anon, how are you? Still feeling strong? It sounds like you're eating well!
Some old guy in the waiting room kept staring at me. Scary shit.
Do I feel strong? Yes. Strong enough to make it through. You never know what you can do until you have to do it.
It is wasn't my time.
It wasn't my time*
Dumb me
first time I've seen you post. What kind of cancer, what stage and how good are your chances?
why are you making up you have cancer online for sympathy points?
I could prove it but you're right. I'll stop talking about it. It's vanity really to bring it up
It's a very winnable fight if you keep your strength and motivation up. I'm sure you'll do great anon.
I AM STUCK IN A CAR PLAYING SHITTY 90s MUSIC AND STARVING HELP!!!
what kind of 90s music? I never really listed to music in the 90s but I sure did in the 00s.
can someone link me a 4chan archive?
tfw not born into gay russian man rape humiliation culture
tfw not prime fuck meat in russia
drink on my own
start to feel sad
im back B)
Why not drinking date?
haha time to cook some chicken and potatoes. I skipped lunch today so I'm ravenously hungry.
never been on a date, not about to start now
not about to start now
Why not?
fuck off favela boy
this is the best link youll get https://archive.4plebs.org/_/articles/credits/#archives
brazilian favela whore vs mexican barrio femboy who winning
Why are you unwilling to try dating? Stop avoiding the question
You would be more attractive with short hair
chicken okay, potatoes undercooked. can't win 'em all I guess.
I only lurk r9gay sometimes. Its probably taboo but Idc post your disc. Im a 20yo top and im lonely idc if youre old or what you look like.
I just wanna talk to someone.
Would you bottom for me?
is it weird to go out to a sit down restaurant alone? I'm thinking of doing so for my birthday dinner (not on sunday as it'll be packed for mother's day) just so I can have a good steak.
No im not a switch
If thats a dealbreaker anyone else can apply.
Learn to be one Lol
happy birthday anon!
it's only weird if you make it weird
Aristotle said, "Life's as extreme as you want to make it"
well it's on the 14th but I need to decide if I'm gonna try or not.
Learn to be one Lol
no.
I WOKE UP IN A NEW BUGATTI
i'll take you out for a birthday date, so it won't get weird.
then i'll start making out with you on top of the table. to make sure it doesn't look weird.
imma gorilla in a fuckin coupe
https://youtu.be/cgw7Yv8je-k [Embed]
describe yourself and the kinda guy you like
WE GON BLOW UP NEW JERSEY
my fat ass will likely break the table.
Got mad again at bf and drove away with car, probably gonna sleep in car so he worries about me overnight.
there are boys itt who actually take care of themselves
How do you do it? Why do you do it?
How did straight people find out that girls can't get pregnant before their first period in an era before science?
Diet and exercise and hygiene and skincare and skincare.
Holy molly, that's a lot. Awesome job anon, but what I meant with "how" is, how do you make yourself do it? Why doesn't your brain get in the way of it?
DAMN I HATE BEING SOBERRRRRRR 
I'M A SMOKER
FREDO A DRINKER
TADOE ON MOLLY WATER
make chicken 
comes out fully cooked, white and at the proper temp
take a bit
it's crunchy like im chomping on a tendon or a muscle or gristle
im never going to get a husband with abysmal cooking skills like this...
"Fuck my birthday, bitch I need more cake."
white
don't tell me you're boiling it
I meant the chicken was white on the inside, white meat, I baked it at 400 degrees with breading for 40 minutes
kinda expect it to go wrong if you're doing something elaborate for the first time.
did you take out the tendon? might literally be it that you're chewing.
can i have some special sauce on mine?
I'm fat and I just want a twink I hypnotize into being my chaste hypno muscle boy.
Is that so much to ask?
they were boneless skinless white meat chicken breasts there's no tendons or anything! i've done this before and it seems to be completely random as to whether it's soft and succulent or disgusting and gross.
.....yes ofc you can have special sauce
Hypnosis gotta be one of my favorite kinks out there desu
there is a big tendon right in the middle of the breast. try to find out why it ends fucked up. might be some issue with the breading process.
atleast this sauce is really tasty. how do you make it?
Do you have a soft, easy brain anon? A vivid imagination? Are you good at following directions?
People say that im a very nice person. My myerss briggs is INFP despite being a top. I want to find someone that is nice to me. I love too much so i dont want people to walk all over me.
I was a quiet loner kid but most people were nice to me. People say I act really cute (Think of teehee xd so quirky types of people). I have no friends thats why I crave to know somebody on a deeper level. Thats why I want long term relationships with only 1 person.
I am kind of inexperienced when it comes to dating (only 1 relationship)+ virgin. but I have been told I am clingy and posessive. Needy aswell. I think mental illness is cute (yandere) .I am really affectionate and kind of naive. I love loving someoe its a really nice feeling. But I need my bf to be affectionate too. I use to read alot of romance manga. 
I am a hikki neet so im terminally online. I will nee d my bf to be with me 24/7. I will dm you all the time and be really clingy.
Also despite being a loser im a self improver. Im 5 ft 11 use to be fat but I workout. Still trynna cut. My body isnt amazing but im trying to get there I use to play video games but i want to stop. I have some big dreams but im from the zoomer generation so my dopamine receptors are fried. I need to work on my productivity and habits to achieve my dream. I will want to be in vc with you 24/7 but i might be doing something else like work.
Im an irl teddy bear I like cuddles and hugs. 
Im insecure about being competent because I want to be a gogetter but also slow af sometimes. 
I like femboys and twinks. (Bottoms) its ok if youre not I want an emotional thing more than looks desu. Im insecure abt my looks anyway.
I think mental illness is cute
ngmi.
a soft, easy brain
I hope I do, but it's really dirty, sadly :c
vivid imagination
Ehh, not really.
good at following directions
Maybe? Still embarrassed that I couldn't last more than one day obeying anon's no fap command...
But I really wanna improve in that regard!
Blogposting general
What i mean by that is like. I want my bf to be really protective and jealous of me. To show that im wanted. So certain red flags are cute to me. 
So I think yanderes and stalkers are cute. Partially because I read too many mangas.
Partially because im a walking red flag too.
I like blogposting boys :3
uh i don't know i just threw something together....anon there is no special sauce i thought you meant you were bringing your own i don't have sauce with my chicken just potatoes and maybe a vegetable
tfw your stomach gurgles and it's time for the weekly toilet clogger.
tfw not even my bowels have worked right since mom died.
boys
Pedophile reported.
You must eat salad. It's quite cheap and healthy and delicious and quick and easy to make.
Not doing anything you say you dumb retard
salads are lame, vegetables were meant to be cooked
I don't even eat any vegetables now. Occasionally I'll microwave a potato with dinner, but today it was underdone so I only ate a few bites.
I hate to make my grandma some stupid fucking lunch and she sat next to me with her wheelchair constantly nagging at me
domestic bf
it's an innuendo for cum.
r9gay really is down bad.
20 
Too
Young
4
Me
as if you would date anyone ever.
I'm kinda working on my life right now
just wanna talk to someone.
Of all the possibilities, you choose to do that anonymously with a stranger on the other side of the world...
Why do you do that?
I have no friends I dont leave my house. I dont know where to look. I could find someone on a game but I dont play those anymore. I relate to losers on r9gay and r9k because im a loser to.
I dont leave my house
Now that's something you could address to improve your situation
I don't know where to look
Dating apps. 
I relate to losers
There are gay losers living next to you, anon. They just don't use this super niche thread, but they're as much losers as you.
Using videogames to hunt for a bf
Part of the problem
best i can do is be a nympho.
Damn, this hit me on the feels
tfw no one wants a 30yo failure bf
I do but only if you're ready for redemption.
how are you going to redeem me anon, make me lose 200lbs and get a college degree just like that
only a 29.85 year old failure
stuck at the checkpoint...
sir do not redeem the bf
mfw I'm in a being cute competition and my opponent is anon
0_0
pic rel is an actual irl photo of me in real life no fake all real
*smooch*
UwU
bf broke again
have to call tech support
guy on the other end has thick indian accent
can't understand anything he says
Every single time for fucks sake.
I hope the antipsychotics are gonna make it better.
gay
can't get bitches (male) 
How come? Are you cripplingly ugly?
they call it treatment not a cure
Have no other choice.
he fell for the jew pills
its so over for you lol
My family will sterilize me if I don't take the pills. 
How is everyone doing tonight?
They don't do psychosurgery unless it is the last option available :(
My friend used to go on a three hour long exhausting gabble if he didn't take meds. It was completely utter nonsense often, loud giddy looney tune noises split up by the occasional laughter and verbal abuses although we knew he didn't mean it. When he did take his meds, he was either incredibly intelligent or incredibly depressed. Sometimes both. Thanks for listening to my podcast
If you are reading this post right now you have been VICIOUSLY mind raped by my mighty psychic energy waves. I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Hey anon only you can read this post! Isn't that awesome :3 We're basically in a private chat right now, so feel free to share any embarrassing secrets of yours with me ;)
I have fantasies about abducting certain r9gay members and doing horrendously foul sexual stuff with them, such as hand holding and kissing and prostate destruction
omg that's so kind of you anon! Very thoughtful and considerate if you ask me. Imagine if the others knew hehe. Can I know who those members are? a-am I one of them...? *gulp*
