Why do women get so mad when men say they dont want relationships/marriage?
Marriage is the end game to ensure they have power over men.
i wouldn't be mad i would be depressed.
some guys like that.
moid has one purpose
rejects it
same reason why you'd be mad if you put bread in a toaster and it didn't heat it up
Females acting edgy makes me laugh
This I just broke up with my GF last night and all she wanted was a check. Piece of shit. She blocked me, and I guess unblocked me. I sent "piece of shit" and I think it got through before being blocked again.
Women don't like men who see through their bullshit.
It's also why they hate autists so much.
man wants relationship
"ew gross, there's no way i'd date you, you aren't 6'4" with bulging muscles and supermodel face"
man doesn't want a relationship
"wtf, not wanting to date women is misogynistic, it's your one purpose"
Autists dont see through women bullshit. If anything they are the easiest and most gullible prey. Prime example is Chris Chan
I don't mean the low functioning ones. They may be vulnerable to actual conscious manipulators.
It's moreso the fact that all the usual "tricks" they use on men don't work on autists.
There is also a romance part but >>73184580 is sadly right. Men are still usually the successful ones financially. Being married means she can get something later with a divorce (especially if you had kids). Just being faithful isn't interesting to most of women.
It removes women's power over men. I experienced this myself a decade ago. I told a girl I wasn't interested in relationships, so she instantly got mad and tried to insult me despite everything being fine 10 seconds earlier
I also noticed that they suddenly become interested more in you
I don't. I think WGTOW / MGTOW future is good.
I wouldn't know unless these pussy ass women said it in a straightforward way. It's crazy how everything is in their favor and they still pretend to be shy as if they can't get whatever they want on a silver platter any day of the week
Men feel entitled to sex. Women feel entitled to you devoting the rest of your life to them.
Alpha fucks, beta bucks.
The moment to bend to their will is the moment they lose attraction to you.
Iits.not a common thing ppl ask me but when I was asked this they just nodded in understanding or asked if I was gay.
No anger or resentment at all.
