How the FUCK do I get an office job? I literally can't move on to the next stage of my life and move the fuck out of my parents house without an ok paying job like this. It's literaly all I want in life.
currently I work at an amazon warehouse and I'm on the verge of blowing my skull open it's so depressing
have boobs and a pretty mouth
Be a woman and have life on EZ mode
i have an office job and i still can't afford to move out
How the FUCK do I get an office job?
mine was related to my degree besides that idk put computer skills on your resume and apply to support or data entry jobs
It's literaly all I want in life.
for now. in the office you're still a wageslave
Just be a female. My entire office building is full of cute girls that flirt with me
Office Jobs aren't that good, they are easy but the pay is pretty poor, You probably make way more working in a warehouse. However their are more opportunities for advancement. Look on government sites they always need people and have low standards, also try being shit at your job a lot of the times they will struggle to fire you so they will just move you behind a desk.
I applied to a temp agency and they got me a 3 month office job contract. The plan is to hopefully leverage this into saying I have office job experience and get something more permanent, though working here makes me realize I fucking hate office culture and might need to career shift.
When doing this make sure to become friendly with the full time staff. I worked at a Job for 6 months then got let go, my co worker who would hang out in the staff room with everyone else ended up getting a full time decent paying job. He was a decent guy but fairly slow and didn't even finish high school, I went to university but it doesn't matter being antisocial really fucks you over sometimes.
be a woman and have the right relatives. both my half hispanic but white passing cousins got these jobs right after high school through an aunt while codecuck wagies at the same company had to finish 4 years of CS. 
nepotism is the fucking blight of capitalism and its crazy how everyone accepts sucking off the right dude physically or inventively and being born in the right family is valid because its """"networking""""
Can confirm
The moment you become "that guy" is the moment you're not getting made permanent, especially small companies.
thanks for breaking my last order, cunt
i have an office job and i still can't afford to move out
also this where the fuck do you think you are OP? I have tens of thousands of dollars saved up and I work an office job and I can't move out of my parents home. Not when houses cost 1 million dollars (for the shitty ones even) and interest rates are twice what they were a few years ago
I've worked for Amazon for 7 years. I just keep doing leaves and schedule accommodations to work as little as possible.
First it helps to have any sort of papers. I only have an associates and it's easy to get basic office bitchwork.
Most that I got were data entry like this through a temp. I went through the same agency 4 times and thankfully I think I finally made the breakthrough I was looking for... it took me 6 years though.
The pay isn't great but they are often comfy. All of them I did had finite workload for the day and hardly ever took 40 hours even right now in a role with more responsibility I am at work doing this instead of the bank reconciliations I can bang out in one hour later this afternoon.
Just be wary because some contract work can lead to a bait and switch. My first DE led to me being hired on for medical scheduling. It's the worst hell. My wife fell for the same trick later at a different place after ignoring my warnings and hated it too.
A lot of data entry is purely temp or just straight up dead end at best you might do QA later. This is why it's important to study an actual skill.
Not until the third time did I get something related to "accounting" but it was just glorified data entry as well. That job had its own problems so I eventually went to my current role which I love. Actually doing bookkeeping for government entity, 4 10 hours with 3 day weekends, most chill place I ever worked. The experience in bitchwork and education were all stepping stones to this point even if I didn't use the education for 6 years. Assuming you have more skills than lifting boxes check with some agencies or something.
TFW my one year of wage-cucking was in an office and it exposed me as an aspie who couldn't handle phone calls or customers.
Not even the 'easy' jobs are available to me. I just wanted a comfy back office job and it no longer exists.
I'd rather sui than wage-cuck in this piece of shit service economy ever again. Aspies and autists are definitely not welcome.
The banks are completely collapsing so even make-work office roasties are getting fired now. As a man the only guaranteed way to get one of these jobs is to be genuinely skilled at what you do.
Oops I guess I am out of touch about firings and women still get away with being unskilled and retarded see:
Im in an office job now and Im working closely with my manager who does interviews to make sure no roastie internal referrals ever make it past the screenings.
Mine is all male minus two or three women. Its great. 
Get actual skills. SQL, Excel, Python, R. Build something easy. Look up interviews. I got my office Job with no referral or recommendation. Just pure luck after 600 something applications.
HR is nice. They are just pretty girls hired for looks for the motivation of all engineers.
if you have an office job you wont spend all day fucking around like the bitch in your pic. 
the normies will sense your tism and give you more work than anyone else while also talking shit about everything you do. this is because its hard to measure the value of the work each office worker does and a lot of management dont care beyond who talks a lot during meetings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZiSMw1PYnc [Embed]
How the FUCK do I get an office job? 
If you're an unattractive guy that's not what an office job will look like. It's more like this except for the cubicles:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYFO5qPpM_I [Embed]
I am emotional and immoral, what does that make me?
then u are a sociopath
does the temp route require college
BPD. you're out of the loop because everyone even family members will freeze you out once they see your true colors.
Working at an Amazon warehouse was actually good for an autist like me cause as long as you make rate you stay under the radar and don't get singled out and picked on. Sure I never made it into the cliques of popular people, but wtf do I care about being friends with a bunch of Amazon losers anyway. I just couldn't handle how fucking boring, monotonous, and feet killing the job was.
