how am i supposed to hold an image in my head while drawing?
if i draw an image in my head its blurry af and disappears as soon as i stop looking at it
if i let my brain do it i get a high res image but it disappears as soon as i look at it
also I can't do the latter consistently because idk how to tell my brain to give me an image
this is such a pain dayo
You might have some kind of aphantasia
my normal imagination is 3 on that scale and when my brain does it its a 1
you unironically dont have a soul
yes, and?
i just wanna get better at imagination desu
Here's one of my wife and I for reference
You cant fix your imagination
But i've heard of some artists who cant see anything in their head at all. so don't give up
ive done it before, i just can't replicate it consistently, that's why im asking for advice
Yeah I don't try to do that. I just draw lines until something I think might work starts showing up. I erase some stuff to help het it closer. Takes me a long time and I'm still not very good but I can draw a little bit so in happy about that.
imagining a ball spinning worked for me
or you can just create a tulpa
Here's an image with clear lines to help you study proportion fren
I draw all the time and you dont need an image in your head you need to look at the paper and see the image.
Eg. say you draw a face. You draw maybe the jaw and stop. You dont need to imagine what that face looks like in your head. You look at the paper and imagine where putting a nose ,eyes , mouth etc would make sense in relation to the jaw you just drew.
The imagination you need isnt a crystal clear idea in your head but a vague idea and the ability to imagine what the small next step in building that vague idea on paper.
Yeah not studying proportions now and definitely not with that image. Take your cuck shit elsewhere.
strangly enough those two look like an old teacher of mine and her husband
I think op left to go draw finally.
I think OP left to find a black dude to fuck her oneitis
How long have you been drawing? What is your drawing routine, how much time do you spend using reference and drawing from life or photo? Visual library and experience from reinforcement helps with imagination imo.
How do you get yourself to draw? I struggle trying to do it. Not creative in anyway but sometimes I feel this need to but when I try it's like fear prevents me or something.
Draw for us.
Right now draw a cute girl and then post it in this thread!
DO IT.
How do you get yourself to draw? I struggle trying to do it.
I do it because I like it. Think carefully about what might be stopping you from drawing. Is it an inability to focus or motivation issue?
Not creative in anyway but sometimes I feel this need to but when I try it's like fear prevents me or something.
Creativity does not exist in a void, it is cultivated by experience and observation. All those people you see who are able to draw from imagination, they already trained using real life as reference. They draw what they see and store all that knowledge. Your creativity is built upon your tastes and interests, what do you want to draw or which artists do you aspire to be like? It is normal to be dissatisfied, I think most people who draw are always dissatisfied with the final result but it's not something you should be afraid of but come to terms with. Are you afraid of disappointing yourself or the judgement of others?
I am working on a sketch but that's all it is. Like I said I'm not good.
I'm begging you to draw my wife
I honestly don't know. I used to draw a semi regularly amount when I was a kid. Even did fun stuff like flipbooks but then i hurt my wrist and was so demotivated from ever trying. I do every once in awhile but it's a struggle.
