i could have been in europe or japan i got fucking america. some place cool like albania.
can someone remind me why we're supposed to be the greatest country on earth i'm actually blanking
rich jews make lots of money here
Why did my parents even move to America
stop crying you could have been born in fucking burkina faso but no, you get to live in a place with a stable economy and somewhat safe so stfu
i'd trade my boring european life to live in america.
grow up among mostly mentally ill people
meet fucked up girls from all walks of life, immigrants, blacks, asians, expats, homeschooled, girls with trauma, alt girls, conservatives etc etc
play any game and have tons of people on voice chat, always active, easy to meet people
you people don't know how good you have it. the amount of femanons i've met that were cool to talk to but were from the US is almost comical. meanwhile in europe there's fucking NOTHING
You'd have been circumcised.
This is too much complaining even for the average blackpilled bot. This one doesn't work. I say this, live in America, and have no future prospects, but it's just too ridiculous to think that your life would be better if you were born somewhere else and you leave it at that.
Also how old are you?
a small price to pay for a house with a yard and pool and a cute gf
a small price to pay
If you only knew, you ignorant and stupid fuckwit. If only I could switch places with you. Just reading this makes me want to brutally gut you. Why did I get circumcised as an infant but a dumb faggot like you gets to be uncircumcised? There is no fairness in this world.
The only people that still think that America is the greatest country on earth are the people that were actually alive when America was the greatest country on earth.
atleast you get to date cute girls that don't have insane standards and are nice to talk to
atleast you get to date cute girls that don't have insane standards and are nice to talk to
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i had sex with cute girls but now im a 30 yo loser. feels bad man. cant even enjoy masturbation because of circumcision.
don't laugh, if you thought you got it bad in the US, don't come to europe you'll kill yourself day 1.
count your blessings
fuck you man, a fucking 15yo mcdonalds employee earns more than half of the minimun wages here in south america. I'd rather be exploited in america than in fucking rosario
don't laugh, if you thought you got it bad in the US, don't come to europe you'll kill yourself day 1.
No I wouldn't.
count your blessings
Ugly
Manlet
Small penis
Incel
Raised by single mother
Shitskin
Circumcised
Wagecuck
Molested by cousin as a child
Bullied through all school
Own nothing
Blessings my ass.
South America
Circumcision is virtually non-existent in South America, so I wouldn't have been genitally mutilated and flayed as a newborn baby if I was born there. Man I truly fucking wish I was in your position and you were in mine.
Blessings my ass.
all that and there are still cute awkward autistic simpleminded girls in your country that would date you right away
No I wouldn't.
With those stats, yes you would. The day you step into any european airport you would see how hopelessly outmatched you are by everything and everyone.
Uh huh. Sure thing, you retarded waste of sperm. I hope you get forcibly circumcised like I did someday.
