We all agree this is the perfect woman right?
Does she have a pp?
When you're young you argue over Rei and Asuka.
When you become an adult you realize that you will literally die if you don't have Misato in your life.
literally lusts for Chad
What do you think?
I mean she also lusts for Shinji so Misato isn't exactly the most consistent with who she'd fuck
alcoholic
daddy issues
can't cook
can't clean house
hates herself
promised to fuck a 14 year old boy
she's unironically perfect
sorry to say and i love misato too but she kinda belongs to the streets desu
I mean that's part of the appeal. She's a real bad bitch unironically
yeah i get it but that not the perfect woman by definition. the bitch's not perfect her whole personality is based around being far from perfect. 
i think Misato braps and Ritsuko squirts
If Misato farted I'd be diamonds and you would too.
She's perfect because she's a hot mess
misato is le perfect woman
i will never be into farting
She is an alcoholic whore. I don't even see the appeal (not even mommy fags, Misato doesn't have an atom of motherhood love for anyone).
I have not seen that cartoon so idk. In my opinion, the perfect woman is a woman I used to know irl
She drinks too much. Other than that, yeah.
Super wrong. Her being an alcoholic is pretty hot
Misato's honkin pair
how is 2d alcoholism so much better than 3d alcoholism?
front towards enemy
kek
Because 2D alcoholism doing come with crippling effects you have to deal with daily
why the fuck is everyone that watches evangelion either a pedophile or insanely down bad for misato
dont get me wrong its a good show but goddamn its fans are insane
yeah, misato is like a giant walking red flag
noticable that all of you are incapable of finding love when you think that pure red flaggery is "perfection"
Shinji is a chad you moron every girl in the series finds him attractive
shinji? chad?
holy shit you all are brainlets when it comes to women only way they would be attracted to him is slight fucking sympathy for the depressed shitsack he is
only way they would be attracted to him is slight fucking sympathy for the depressed shitsack he is
Women don't feel sympathy for men they don't find attractive. Especially not to the point where they end up fucking
well shit i stand corrected
havent even finished that show since im not into japcrap but goddamn
Misato doesn't, she was just playful with him.
I want her to do lewd things to me with her cute feet
Hahaha just imagine
This is what I want the most though
She prays for her beer
because you don't have to smell the puke on their breath, the stench of drying booze, look at their fat ruined bodies, or listen to their drunken ramblings
