Can we get some actual letters posted in here this time? Last thread was mostly skitzos. and the only real letter was from an obvious narcissist talking to herself about herself and even wrote a letter to her future hubby telling him it was his duty to be her narc supply and to chase after her whenever she inevitably pushes him away with abuse. That shit was good. Post more of that.
Ok pal
Meaghan 
We should've talked a long time ago, I've been here everyday for a year trying, I never stalked you I never did anything weird and I just tried to talk. The evil snakes that pretended to be your friend and people who purposely ruined our relationship by drugging you when you never had alcohol and shit before abused you and fucked over what we had and now maybe youll never find happiness and youre just going to get fucked over, we had the last year to talk and make up and I miss you. I know I acted stupid but I did shit because I love you and doing nothing isn't something that you can do when you truly love someone. Just find me soon. 
I really can't take this life much longer I've seen too much shit in the last 30 years all I know is that hell felt nice and warm when it was just me and you fuck these trash bandits who hurt us
John
The best part was her letter to her daughter she wants to live vicariously through. So sad. That daughter is going to suffer so much.
Any /r9k/ cunt shitting new people out of her should be tried for crimes against humanity, I can't imagine a worse fate than having to be raised by some headfuck of a mother from a community like this.
Emily S.
I want to tell you I really appreciated you and our friendship. I know it probably didn't look that way, with how I let us drift apart. And I know you probably barely even think about me anymore or remember me since it's been over half a decade since we've had any communication at all. So maybe this just comes off as annoying, idk. But you were a great person, the only real friend I ever had, I wish I did more to keep the friendship alive, and the memory of our friendship is one of the few good things that's kept me alive over the past years. 
I bet you are doing great things with your life now. I don't know what, exactly, but I believe in you - either you are doing great things or you'll figure it out and are probably at least on the path there. I hope you also have plenty of great friends and lovers and accomplices and such, or at least some high quality connections. Life really sucks when alone, but you are great and I doubt you are alone
Whenever I listen to the music you showed me, I think of you. You had a really big impact on my tastes, and I appreciate that. Along with everything else
Not sure what else to say. I love you, always did, and I regret not keeping the friendship alive. Just writing to you mostly for closure - I want you to know you were always appreciated, even when I wasn't good at showing I cared at all. Maybe it doesn't matter at all to you or even is kind of annoying - after all, you have plenty of better people who appreciate you, probably. But I know what it feels like to not be appreciated by anyone, and idk, maybe it feels nice to know that one more person appreciates you still, after all these years, even when you are loved by so many other better people too
Thanks for everything, Live long and prosper,
Vincent
Sadly this is just your typical woman, and after all the cheating, habitual lying, daily mood swings and histrionics you're still the one who goes down in her own personal headcanon as the abuser for cutting it off.
I think the only fate worse than being their kid is being the sad sack of a guy who settles for her
Jesus help that man
Yep. That's the classic cluster B playbook. The worst part is when they spin their stories to other people and those people believe them. But yeah, classic victime head cannon. Even that color letter poster from the last thread mentioned vague allegations of someone abusing her lol. They can't stop themselves from doing that. They're the eternal victim.
You just couldn't let it go, could you?
Waiting.
Waiting.
And that was it.
All I wanted was to retire and to go live a quiet life, but you had to launch a cowardly sneak attack as soon as my defenses were no longer manned because you were too chickenshit to challenge me when I was around. I guess retirement is being cut short huh
You knew it was coming..
they found out
eye for eye
that what heppen when I provoke
We even Stevens now? A lil' tit for tat, verbal spat?
yeah we're even bro
Okay. I'll call off the dogs now and disarm the nukes I was about to launch. Take care
Been going through a rough chemical divorce. The next honeymoon should be pretty divine.
What is a chemical divorce?
24 hours alone. That's what I fucking dream of at this point. I JUST WANT 24 HOURS ALONE FUCK.
I'm sick of being summoned like a dog. Why the fuck do I have to come running if someone calls my name? 
LEAVE ME ALONE
HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHY THE BANK CALLED YOU YOU FUCKING RETARD
Jesus fucking christ between the dreams of my parents and the dreams of my hackers, I'm left without even the solace of sleep and dreams
I have lost everything to the desires of others
I can't piss in the toilet at night. I can't even sleep before my parents wake me up yelling at each other. I can't move out because a lifetime of bullying left me scared of others. 
Bury me in a concrete cube and let me rot. I don't want to be a part of this anymore. Leave me to a dark corner where no one can see me. Leave me alone. I don't want to die but as more time passes it's the only option left. Just leave me the fuck alone.
*scratches ears*
Degrading, not comforting. Like how my own mother will still call me a "good boy."
A good boi like you deserves some heavy head patting
Give me an address anywhere on this planet and I will work my way to it to rip the head off your neck
612 Wharf Avenue
Candy..
Uhh
Lemme lick her bubble gum and taffy
i just want to see you again, hear you again, i don't know what else to say, you were everything i need, and i fucked it up, anyways i hope you found someone you liked and married them.
It's all a fucking joke
lol they ain't ready for Socratic inquiry
not yet, but we gonna LEARN THEM REAL GOOD
AHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAJAHAHA
sshhhhhhhh
baby steps firss
I think these threads are pretty gay and don't really accomplish anything, but I guess I'll give it a whirl:
Dear Wendy,
I should have accepted your advances towards me when I had the chance several years ago. When I asked you out a few months ago and you rejected me, and you showed me a picture of you with your new boyfriend, it fucking killed me inside. 
You must have been pretty confused why I of all people rejected you. But I assure you the reason was altruistic. I'm a fucking retarded autist at heart who almost certainly would have let you down, so I thought hard and decided to spare us both the trouble. 
But now I'm seriously regretting not at least giving it a shot. Maybe it would have worked? Probably not... But you never know unless you try. And it kills me inside that I'll never have that chance again. You are the "one who got away" for me.
I fucking beat myself up every day for not saying yes. I had feelings for you for so long, and in that last critical moment before the touchdown I fumbled the ball like a total autist.
You're challenged enough, retard.
Says the person currently losing
Dear ___ and ___,
I'm not sure what I did to upset you. I'll just keep focusing on my own life, and if you need something let me know.
At least I knew this was probably going to happen.
Yep. You're absolutely fucking retarded, no doubt about that.
I prefer the python or the dog fellow, but break it down for me.
Not too sure I like your teaching style and I question your grasp of the material at times.
