that they will never be a females wet dream?
i simply live with the pain, but originally.
I just live frustrated 25/7 will probably become homeless and do drugs
sad reality of sub 5 males
not even sub 5, i'm arguably a 7 appearance-wise
i'm just also a massive fucking retard who refuses to change for women
Pic of your face and are u black pilled?
Kratom. I feel pretty good these days
The e boy in OP pic has such a strange face. A beautiful face, but it looks evil and dangerous.
this, just cope and drugs.
It's not hard to become a females wet dream. Just treat her nice but keep a mysterious and dangerous aura about yourself. Like 1 in 3 will then develop rape fantasies about you. It's simply human nature.
Cope, its all about looks
Can't relate, I'm only a robot intermittently when my childhood trauma relapses and I push everyone away
are u a chad slayer?
Chadslayer wow I haven't been here in a while what even is that
I used to spend hours daily on here when I was younger, but then left home changed my entire look and personality and went to university where I just reinvented myself. Was super weird when at some point I realised that I was in all the "cool groups" and then girls were talking to me because they wanted to have sex with me.
are you goodlooking as guy in OP?
Not sure how to answer - boy in OP looks about 16 and very young more androgynous features - I'm 25 and have facial hair and look more masculine. I would say I get approached by good looking girls almost everytime I go out to a bar or club, but 90% of the time sperg out and just try and make new friends.
who would slay more?
I've had at least one chick masturbate and orgasm to my cock over webcam, dunno about dreaming.
Chads make me fucking angry
Looks like IRL zoomer Leon Kennedy
why would i want to bring a female pleasure
How do you cope with the fact I don't give a fuck no more?
Kratom's pretty great. Been taking it for like 5 years now. It's just a commitment though.
I move on with my life and don't become a faggot who mops in the corner.
Kid looks like Zoolander kek
Though I have gotten (meaningless) likes and matches online, I do wonder if any women wanted to fuck me and fantasized about me.
Sadly, it seems that none of these women will ever come forward and tell me. TFW somewhat attractive, but still incel as fuck at nearly 37.
This.
I don't need to cope. I understand that every human being just wants to take as much as they can from me and leave me with nothing so that I'm starving in the street. When you understand this, you understand that you must avoid human interaction whenever possible.
yes, me too. absolutely brutal
but being a girl's wet dream is kind of irrelevant if you're autistic and cant rizz girls or speak to them. if you have no abilitity to talk and get with them, its kinda over
literally gandy lost his virginity at like 21 or something, and he debatably mogs prime chico
Wait, that person in OP's picture is supposed to be ATTRACTIVE? 
I thought the point of it was supposed to be that he's the sort of man who'd "never be a female's wet dream".
leon would never be such a faggot to take videos like that thoughever
Using logic. so if it actually feels as good as you claim it to be, then it makes perfect sense that it's forbidden from me, a loser. I don't doubt that at all that some people have it good, I know sex is as unavailable to me as flying is, tell me how often you get depressed over not being able to fly? or the sun rising up each morning? sky being blue? exactly. I cope by realising sex is forbidden from me, like if you died and went to hell, you really think there is a cope? You just accept there is no escape and now you're burning forever. Same with being an incel, you accept you're trapped in an incel's body forever and you're burning with horniness and wanting for love, forever. Even fish stop wailing their bodies after 1 minute out the water.
He's very attractive, model tier. Attractiveness is objective and he is objectively attractive. Maybe its because you yourself are an autistic incel you cant see that.
dangerous
Tall
mysterious
Handsome
This is the formula, everyone.
His sunken cheeks look strange, like he's permanently sucking them in, and his nose is fucking massive. His eyes are also super close together. He literally looks like a zoomer Bogdanoff.
He's also got a shit haircut, but that's got nothing to do with his face.
I am average and girls have approached me.
Same experience. Although I spilled my spaghetti every time
He has a ancient warrior chad look
