If Western Women dont want them then why do they get so mad at Passportbros for looking for love elsewhere?
Because you "ran away" to ""groom"" a """submissive""" woman. A """"real"""" man can step up to Western Women.
A lot of these guys look for vulnerable, young women to manipulate into sex.I these women are desperate to escape poverty, so they will do things that the don't want to.
That's a porn star. Her name is Autumn Falls.
I am a successful passport bro. AMA.
The women get a hit out on the husband or drop a toaster in their shower eventually so it fine
Most Passport bros are White and Black American men. What does this tell us? That Korean men are taking so much women globally that White and Black men are scared. Think about it. We are taller, more masculine and have bigger dicks. Honestly we should just kill all white and black men and finally liberate their women with our GIANT KOREAN COCKS
once you bring her back with you, she'll notice how much of a loser and subpar man you are, and she'll monkeybranch to some above average man
And what's the problem with that?
How can I get into Latina heaven?
I just find it all so sad
There's no love, she just wants to leave and he's actually convinced she loves him, the reason they often talk about how "Eastern women are better than western ones" is because he doesn't realize she's just acting like that on purpose, women here don't have to do that
Then why is it okay for western women to date men that migrate to their countries? Kinda hypocritical isnt it?
What's the best country for an American to visit for love?
If you are a White man then non because women of color hate you and you are the ugliest least desirable race of men. If you are a White women then I would recommend East-Asian countries like Korea so you would finally know what a Big Dick feels like
If you want your son to look like pic related then go for it I guess
I think you are incorrectly defining the concept of "want to".
The reason this is nonsense is because EVERY SINGLE RELATIONSHIP has practical factors. Every last one. Foreign or domestic.
EVERYONE looks at their relationship options and says, "Is this the best decision for my life?" Everyone. If you say that you don't, you are a fucking liar.
Your complaint boils down to, "Those people are considering different practical factors than me, so that makes them wrong!"
The real reason women get angry about this is because although most people can't theoretically explain it, they have an intuitive grasp of basic economic concepts.
On some gut level, they KNOW that taking a group of guys out of the "bidders" for their pussy lowers the market equilibrium price for that pussy. Even if those guys were buyers they would never have individually considered.
Those guys fleeing to Asia lowers the price for pussy on the low end of the market. That filters up and impacts the price for pussy all the way up the value chain.
It's kind of the reverse of how minimum wage laws tend to inflate wages for higher-paid workers also, or how Section 8 inflates the cost of all housing and not just rental housing for the poor.
Looks like a normal boy
