Christcucks, explain why God created incels.
he gives the strongest battles to his strongest soldiers
why are there battles at all
The same reason movies exist.
So god can watch and have fun.
I'm not a christian, but I know that the "supernatural" exists. My main question would be: why the bloody hell did he made demons? That's like placing a gang of Antifa into a nice village.
He didnt.
Satan made those.
Well, then he made Satan and gave him the power and insanity to do so. You might guess an all-wise deinty should be able to do better.
I wouldn't expect a retard like you grasping the concept of free will. Go back to masturbating and eating junk every day while wondering why you're unhappy all the time
And how is a chinlet dicklet skinny fat manlet his *strongest soldier* kike?
So no argument. An omniscient being would know what you'd choose before creating you. It's like knowing all the moves your opponent can make in chess. Therefore God knows at your creation that you'll be pedophile.
And I didn't expect a dumb retard like you to say anything reasonable. Free will is just the dumbest fucking argument for the question why evil exists. Humans who are designed to be sinners and easily falling for manipulations and temptations have no free fucking will. If humans would be made as beings with real understanding of consequences and causality, what is a basic requirement for free will, no demon would have any chance to seduce humans. and there would be no sin.
But ignorant fuckers like you are completely unable to follow even basic philiosphy, so I don't get into any more dialog here. It's only wasted time.
So in the bible incels weren't really a thing until saul became king of israel. After that point when kings would abandon god, the israelites would end up sexless and gay.
Today is no different. If you want there to stop being incels you have to take out the kings of the modern world.
But at the time of Jesus there were eunuchs by birth. It doesn't answer anything.
Yes because the kings never ended.
Christ tried to end it being the king of kings and obviously he can't sin or abandon gods ways, but he himself was also an incel and it fell apart after his ascension .
Bump for jesus.
orginally.
If you don't understand free will, just say so.
you can be happy eating junk and masturbating 20 times a day. 
it sounds like a personal projection from yourself to imply otherwise.
you're like those 'reformed' addicts who make their whole life identity and purpose to talk about how many days sober they are as if that's not also thinking of the sweet sweet high they used to get
Like how we castrate infants 
Feudal times never died, simply became decorated with distractions in hopes people don't realize peasantry is alive in the majority of the castes
Eunuch at birth probably refers to cryptoorchidism and kilnefelter cases.
Why is what's fun what's fun?
talking about projection
immedeately project
LMAO
Oh that's easy, it based on bullshit to convince the peasants to keep tolling away for the master/lord/elites while the lives are a living hell
The no great reward in the after life, there is nothing but the fucking void
People are poorer now and work harder than boomers or medieval peasants
People are more atheistic now than any other time in history
communism is atheist
In all seriousness where does it say , literally in any religious holy text. To serve your overlords. If anything its the other way around and the only reason kings could be seen as legit is if the at least on the surface embraced the local religion.
To find the diamonds in the rough anon. If you spew enough shitty ones out eventually you'll find a nugget you can polish. That or its punishment for choosing to be a volcel in a past life seem to be the two most logical conclusions.
