I have never been in any kind of relationship but I have been with around 15 different escorts. My life made a turn and I just met a cute wholesome girl and we have been flirting back and forth.She doesn't drink, doesn't have social media, play lots of vidya, her best friend is her brother,... 
Should I
lie about being a virgin
invent a short (say, 3 dates) relationship with a girl who took my virginity
invent one date hook up on tinder
be honest (of course not)
just tell her you dated but the relationships didn't last long or something. Being honest about fucking escorts would like saying you're bi.
Just come up with some fake relationship. No one respects hooker fuckers, whores, or adult virgins. I definitely didn't tell my first gf that the 6 women I slept with before her where some sluts that I kept as fwbs. I didn't even tell her that number.
If you aren't honest, then you don't deserve her. Fucking hookers and lying about it is a really scummy thing to do.
No one respects adult virgins
is that true? even if she is on the aspie side?
but what about the past is the past, or that is true only for women?
lie about being a virgin
no. dont try to bring it up but tell her youre a virgin if it comes up. she'll be able to notice when you fuck if you get there because you will have no idea what youre doing and itll fuck up the mood knowing that you lied. trust me
but tell her youre a virgin if it comes up
I think that this contradicts the other things you say in your post. Should I tell her that I am a virgin if she asks?
I am pretty sure that she will ask if we get to have sex
Just say you have butt fucked dozens of woman on tinder anon, women love chad
no, i mean, avoid the subject if she doesnt ask, but if she does, then tell her. either way, after the moment she takes off her pants and underwear she'll know by the way you act or look at her. no pressure man, just be yourself and dont overthink it too much. 
Although, you def shouldn't bring up anything about escorts. thats best left in the past. if youre still a virgin tho wtf did you do with the escorts anyways?
COCONA COCONA COCONA
