the worst part of being autist is those rare occasions when 
this has happened with bosses, mentors, teachers, family, close friends, over and over and i hate it and wish i was never born
I wish mental disorders didn't exist
don't try and fix them or be too surprised when they do something that makes you involuntarily shrivel up with cringe and schadenschade
Virtual hug anon, you surely are a waste, is a disgrace, but I don't wish death upon you. Just resilience, rather.
And it will never stop, anon. The disappointment never stops. Even if you think youve become socially adaptable, or you think youve master masking as a normie. Theyll smell it from a mile away, that youre not like them. I tried so hard. Ive stopped now. Whats the point?
I know those feels, anons. I know those feels.
The issue is that normalshits don't have souls. They are NPCs. They go around and most of them don't even have a stream-of-consciousness. If you ask them why they did something, they can't produce a coherent answer in 90% of the instances; they're just mindlessly plowing through their life
The reason it doesn't work is because you can't teach a person how to be retarded, just like you can't teach a person how to not feel remorse for their actions. 
If you're like that, you shouldn't try to find comfort among normalshits, it really won't ever work out. The most you can hope for is finding the company of another person like you, while learning how to blend in with regular people just enough to function without them gawking at you or whispering things to their friends behind your back
the last thing i want is to hang out with other retards. it may feel superficially warm and comfortable like a freshly shat diaper might, but you are still wearing a shit filled diaper
asking a normal person for an exacting account of their everyday actions and translate it into your particularly stunted dialect of sperginese is another example of pure retardation. even if they didn't have better things to do it would be like asking someone to paint a song or tapdance a manifesto. posting about how you're superior to all the normalafricanamericans while wearing an ill fitting anime tshirt and smelling like a bum is the apotheosis of cope
they are still nice, and kind, and your friend they won't abandon you
replace this step and the following steps with:
and this becomes pretty relatable
i would prefer it if they abandoned me. i could lie to myself with piles of cope about how the world is a cruel place filled with evil npc sadists. but nope, some people are genuinely decent, and this is how i reward them
I just tell people from the start "I'm autistic and it does cause real issues" or something like that. Most folks are like "stop being mean, don't insult yourself like that!" because they can't imagine an autistic dude being self aware about it. And then when they realize I actually am autistic, they get pissed because they can't imagine a self aware autistic dude still being "not normal"
This shit is fucking nuts. I'm pretty sure the cure to autism is "being treated like a normal person."
Yeah been there
unfortunately you have to act like one first. every minute of every day. no slipups
PROTIP: Normies make unretractible mistakes like robbing people at gunpoint and going to jail.
the very small percentage of normies who do that can actually help it. guns dont magically fly into people's hands while they're trying to buy innocently buy some cigarettes and a Mr Pibb
Yes, they do. Learn magic.
