You'll never be a teenager again but that doesn't mean you've missed out on the best life has to offer. C'mon, give up on teen love and give adult love a chance.
An experiences intensity, and thus value and meaning, is proportional to its novelty. 
By the time a woman is 25, she has drained all the novelty of romantic love she can experience and you can never have genuine romantic love with her because it has to be mutual and equal in intensity for it to be real.
Simple as.
I missed out on adult love as well. I'm 32. There are no women in the same category as me anymore.
Most women are incapable of love and most women finds most men unattractive. It's all a waste of time.
adult love is transactional. and whatever I think of that I have a poor bargaining position in that game.
here is what i've observed more than twice with other people regarding love
i dont know any relatives who are still together with the person they had children with. i dont know about anyone who are still together with their gf/bf from school/uni. all the old people i know who have been together for 20+ years hate their spouse. all of the people i went to class with whom i spoken with since school have divorced parents now, even if they didn't back in school.
i'm not proclaiming this as absolute truth, i'm just stating that i haven't seen real life exceptions.
There are virtually no women who have had literally no romantic experience by the time they get halfway through their twenties. I can't even imagine how hard it is to end up like that as a woman while also being interested in romance that whole time. So if you're a male who's in that position of being in your mid twenties without ever having even gone on a date, then you have to stare this kind of situation down >>73182186.
If you are an inexperienced man, a woman does not want to teach you, she will not respect you as a man, it will not be as special or meaningful for her, and you will not be sharing the experience of discovering and exploring love and sexuality together for the first time. She will compare you to her past experiences, so you better hope you're better than all of them (if you are a socially unsuccessful man, this is extremely unlikely). In adulthood, things like finances and family planning and such matter more than in an environment like high school where love and experimentation can just naturally happen without those considerations.
sad thing is women our age are undesirable and almost infertile
Given that mentally I'm 16 (if that) despite being 25, there will just be too much of a gap in experience and expectations for any relationship to realistically work out. I simply missed the starting gun.
Oh come on, that's not true. Stop with the demoralization shit.
that's the least demoralizing thing about old ancient 30+ wrinkly saggy women, retard.
Adult love is transactional and gross.
There is no point.
Why bother?
It's how I feel. Any woman my age that's single is most likely to be a single mum if she hasn't settled down by now. Vaginas do get looser with age.
what can i do?
how do i cope?
Just be attractive so you can get away with dating girls in their 20s
You might as well ask these incels to stop breathing
romantic love is impossible if the age gap is more than 3 years because the life experiences won't align.
and for anything else besides romantic love its just prostitution and you might as well pay directly for it instead of doing a stupid dance. simple as.
seethe mald dilate and touch grass. simple as.
At least if you had the experience you could come to terms and accept you've had your fun times. We never got anything. Not one pussy.
Lol all women are prostitutes. You pay one way or another.
and now we cant because its important for our brains to be youthful to fully appreciate the impact and have them permanently positively psychologically affected. now its too late for our brains to derive the same value from it.
cope sneed seethe mald and touch grass. women genuinely romantically love tall handsome men and you are sour grapsing about it. all women are prostitutes for short ugly men. simple as.
I'm not aware of one that actually works, I just plan on killing myself.
Also I don't know about the movie, but the book of that was good.
She'll have more experience than me, and even if she doesn't she'll want someone who has experience anyway 
Can you imagine how cringey it would be for an adult male shyly trying to flirt? It would be a sad punchline, would be like I'm asking to be cheated on
Based, thanks for the white pill OP!
I've been thinking this kind of way a while now; mostly the mentality of "you will be compared to her last" and that kind of stuff. I'm always debating with myself whether its worth going for women who have experience while I'm not experienced myself (which always seems more delusional / impossible the older i get). Then i think on the other hand "if you go with someone with more experience, whats stopping them from wanting to try something new / regretting being with you". So at the end of the day I always wonder "which is better?" What do you guys think?
i've only seen the night club scene. it hit like a train the first time i saw it.
guess i'll need to make moves for killing myself.
leaning hard towards getting a car from the 70s and using the exhaust vacuum hose trick. all i need then is for fucking bystanders to not intervene.
yeah every time i imagine myself having sex i figure i'll look like a retard trying to gauge my way forward nervous as hell that she'll tell me to stop or ask disappointingly if its my first time.
combine it with the fact that women cant just admit that they split up over getting the ick, they make up all kinds of bullshit about you deep down being an awful person to justify it.
Even if it's her first time she'll get that ick 
Look at the type of men who marry virgins, it's not fellow virgins, far from it
Topkek kys
Adult love is transactional
All Love is merely a transaction.
I have a poor bargaining position in that game.
Improve your worth, then.
Tall handsome men are offering them their tallness and handsomeness.
Robots can offer them a multitude of other things.
Love is merely a transaction.
You raise a good point in that I can't decide which I prefer between those two uncomfortable options.
When it comes to it though, I think that insecurity aspect of being compared to other romantic partners a woman has known bothers me less than all the other psychological pain involved in retroactive jealousy, e.g. the sense that it would not as special or new for her as it would be for me, or that I spent my life rotting alone up until I met her and she can't relate at all because she never really had a shortage of romantic interest or opportunities.
Inert gas asphyxiation is a pretty good way to go. That can reportedly give you an awful headache and make you nervous before you lose consciousness, but otherwise it should be fine as long as it actually kills you.
Personally I like the reliability of destroying the brainstem with a firearm, it's just the idea of exploding my own head is a bit scary.
Do you think the same could be said for women who have no experience too? I also wonder the same thing but comparing women with experience to those without. Like do you ever worry the person you're with would just be like "I want to try someone else" or "I want to explore" or some shit like that? Is that better than being compared to past exes? Both are shitty situations and pretty insecure, but idk whats better.
I was an unappealing teenager and I'm an unappealing man. I dont know what it is about me, but when women speak to me they have this weird apprehension or fear in their eyes even though I'm not a very violent person.
used to like firearms too but back when i still had a shotgun i could never bring myself to actually pulling the trigger. getting drunk didn't help because if i was drunk enough to pull the trigger without thinking i was also drunk enough to be happy. in the end it was a good thing because a lot of the time i had the angle all wrong, i would have blown off my face instead of my brains.
