She's also like a foot taller than me. And she's not a tranny either. She's just a super freak thats naturally athletic. And well it's kind of weird because I was under the impression men were supposed to be stronger and more in charge in relationships. But I guess I am also a weak manlet who has no gainz. She kind of mothers me a bit? Like always looks out for me and gets very defensive when other people say mean stuff about me.
And like, it's kinda nice I guess that she's so protective and so understanding, but it's just weird. Despite being stronger than me, she's very soft, motherly and kind. And I'm not really sure how to feel about it. I was kinda thinking before I met her that the woman I dated would take a womans role. But it seems like I've become the woman in this role unwittingly.
Should I just accept it? Do something about it? Has this ever happened to you guys?
God, I WISH I had a girlfriend like this and I find it weird that you're complaining at all. Cherish her for the rest of your life, OP.
i hate you so fucking much op. you piece of shit. text her that you love her and then leave here and never return
you guys are weird desu
Post you two holding hands with timestamp or it never happened.
Kys you redditfag. I hope he and his imaginary gf die in a carcrash.
This is some shitty larp, anon
Tall girl here (6.5). I always thought guys preferred shorter and cuter women. And that I was just a weird freak. Are there actually men who want women like me?
No one cares about the get?
Post tits or tag or fuck off, moid
A bit tired of posts like this. People don't act uninterested because of your height, but because you come up with ways to reject people and then blame your height for it.
Good on you OP, take care of her.
I would date anyone that would accept me like this. Maybe it's because I'm not very outgoing. Or because I keep my hair short. Or maybe it's just that I'm a little shy in social situations. Believe it or not I really don't get approached that much by men. And I just feel like men would probably prefer someone shorter and cuter.
wow anon cool larp but that would be my dream
Sadly I prob don't live in your country but I love tall women. I feel like they're usually more kind.
The stereotype is that tall women want taller men, so you do have to break the ice a bit here, but men are far more forgiving in terms of looks than women are in general. Also are you athletic at all?
Guys have different tastes. Personally I find short skinny girls to be ugly and they don't look like women to me, they're kinda too unmature looking and I find their bodies to be kinda pathetic and weak since I'm a gym guy 
I like really tall girls, especially if they're fit/muscular and aren't too thin since most tall girls probably don't eat enough food for their height 
Honestly I'm not sure if I will ever find a tall girl who's my type in my life 
If a guy is 6'3 (190cm) and wants a girl who's taller than him then I have very high chances of dying alone perhaps...
To be honest, I do in fact prefer shorter and cuter women. And yet, it's one of my desires to be hugged and cared for by a tall gf, too. I do believe taller girls have their appeal even despite my preference for short girls. 
Are you also fit, anon? I think that looking too skinny is unattractive, and tall people tend to look skinnier unless they are also well built.
I work out sometimes. But I don't know if I'm super muscular. I do know that sometimes when I pass guys in the grocery store they seem to get scared. I don't think a lot of these guys see women as tall as I am. I promise I'm not scary in real life though, I'm very kind and gentle to everyone.
But I don't know if I'm super muscular.
At least for me I don't really like bodybuilders. I think it's more of a mental illness. It's more so that I know if we have a compatible lifestyle. 
I do know that sometimes when I pass guys in the grocery store they seem to get scared
Yeah I had a colleague admit to me he was a bit scared of a very tall metalhead girl where I work. She did have a cool uncaring face but she also could smile a lot. I guess she might be in a similar boat as you are but at the same time I think she shouldn't have any shortage of suitors.
Do you care about the height of a guy though?
I'm not too picky about how tall he is. I think it would be cute if he was shorter. I would probably be like the op. Try to be very nurturing and loving to him. I think it's cruel how people are mean to short men.
Try to be very nurturing and loving to him.
Oh man, haven't seen someone like that on r9k for a long while. Most girls here these days seem to either want lots of free gifts and money and/or getting raped/abused/dominated.
Are you in Europe by any chance?
Holy shit please just stop, I don't understand why retards on here lie to give us false hope, it always makes things worse when it comes crashing down
t. 6'4 lad who has given up hope on finding a gal taller than him
Yeah the little incel manlets I know all prefer taller mommy builds. Every pot has a lid and stuff
Meh, tall women have long legs and guys do like that. A lot of them are insecure about the height difference but there must be a non-insignificant number that appreciate tall women just fine.
You lucky bastard. I wish I had a girlfriend like that.
I would easily seriously date a woman like you. I'm insane now so I'm not going to be dating anyone though
You sound amazing, anon...
You don't need to be super muscular, just have some meat on your bones so you look well-proportioned!
Are you located in
C A N A D A ?
A
N
A
D
A
?
Oh yeah? Well my girlfriend who's also a foot taller than me picks me up from under the armpits with ease and I just naturally wrap my feet around her waist, and she just carries me around like that. She holds my butt and laughs at me and calls me a little pussy, but it's affectionate. She's so tall I have to get on my tippy toes to get to even get to her neck, it's a little weird but we make it work.
OMG that's so cute!!! I'm guessing she's the big spoon when you cuddle most of the time. Do you like being the big spoon or little spoon?
I made this up, just like the OP.
My girlfriend who's 1 inch taller than me told me that none of the stories in this thread are true.
NOOOOOOOO FUCK YOUUUUUU 
You're making me lose hope anon...
I write fetish material, not hopefuel, unfortunately.
Where do you live? What is your weight/bodytype like? Every time I pass a girl my age thats taller than me I get butterflies.
This pairing literally doesn't exist irl
I mean, I have a bit of hope. I did know a girl slightly taller than me who would give me headpats, hugs, hold my hand, and call me cute. I never tried to do anything with her due to a lack of self-confidence and depression. Missed out.
And I just feel like men would probably prefer someone shorter and cuter.
I'm 5'10 and always thought it'd be hot to have a gf who was much taller.
I think lots of guys would be into tall girls and just assume they wouldn't be able to ask those girls out because of the general social custom of girls not wanting guys who are shorter than they are.
Please be in Nevada
I'm 5'4 and would love to date a girl like you.
I wish I had your genes, your powerlevel is too high. You better be the best alpha woman you can be and get yourself a at manlet.
Tall girl here (6.5). I always thought guys preferred shorter and cuter women.
Workout with her faggot. Have her personal train you and also fug her.
I wish I had your genes, your powerlevel is too high
What's your level?
God. Please date me. It's hard to find a girl taller than me.
Lift heavy objects.
Become a real human being
