Told another cashier girl she looked breedable. I can never go back.
what do they respond?
what series of events unfolded to make you think that was a good idea?
She kicked me in the nuts desu and turned me into a slug
Really hope this is a larp OP, if not Jesus Christ dude. You're going to get arrested for sure if true.
She looked at me weird while her co-worked laughed.
I rarely leave my house, so when I'm home I say my thought out loud since I'm alone and it makes it feel less empty. Sometimes I forget I'm not at home so I end up vocalizing my thoughts
You have become a pervert
Man I thought this was bs but it sounds like you actually said that holy shit lmao yeah obviously never go back dude its so over
how breedable were day and how much of a breeder you look like
She has a pretty country girl look to her with a nice tan and a body similar to those pole vaulters you see posted sometimes. it was a family's farm produce type place, so she might be related to the owners. So I'd say pretty breedable.
Me? not so much. I've plain looking and have a permit scowling face problem.
Anon... what the hell? Might be okay to apologize if you see her again.
people get killed for doing stuff like that. pursuing sex is probably the most dangerous activity modern man has to do. i believe its why many have given up completely, its rich chads game, not ours. god is also very pro chad harem, from my discussions with him. he wants only chad having sex with all the girls, because it will make better genes for future generations. a fact that is probably too cruel to even read, weve been left behind with no way out.
but anon what do you mean by "another"? tell us about the first time
if only that was actually what happened :(
I think I rather drive off a cliff. That feels like it would be worse to acknowledge it.
I know, that's why I left quickly. I didn't know what would have happened if I stayed any longer.
Months ago I told the cashier girl at a liquor store that I wanted to breed her when she was handing me my receipt. I didn't say it as loud and she didn't really react, so I don't know if she didn't hear me, or pretending not to. I've never been back there.
I think I rather drive off a cliff.
It's hard but a sincere apology could help you, and her. Say you were tired and messed up big time. Don't try anything more. Through those painful experiences comes progress. Don't give up now, Anon. Stop the escapism and learn how to decently interact with other people.
I don't know if you're trying to trick me fren, but I'll think about it. I only really go about 2, maybe 3 times a month and she isn't always there. I guess if I do try then I'll dress a little better so i don't look like I'm on the edge of suicide. Though if she's not there, but he co-worker that laugh is, I don't know what to do then. I know they're going to snicker the whole time.
another
jfc man! you have to be stopped
No you didn't this never happened kill yourself
I kinda fucked up the same but with one of my sister's friend
kek greentext anon pls
My sister invite her friend to our house and I didn't realize because I was in another room. After a while my sister calls me and tells my that her friend wants to go out with me and i reply with "I don't think she wants but if she's serious the NASA, Boeing and the deceased Fairchild Republic should collab to create an engine so powerful to remove me from inside her" and after a couple of seconds I hear them both laughing in the other room
I'll tell you a secret from someone who worked a shit job in a CVS... No one cares. She'll probably forget about it and if you see her she'll pretend it never happened. You're just another funny story in her book. Like when that guy took a shit in the middle of the aisles and then came back a week later. Or the dude that came in to steal and asked what anal lube was for so the super visor yelled to the other super visor across the way to ask.
if you were chad this would probably work desu. blackpilled again :(
Thank you, frens. The fact there's other out there just as bad, or possibly worse makes me feel better. Still, I most likely won't go back, or at least not for some time.
when I'm home I say my thought out loud since I'm alone and it makes it feel less empty
I do this all the time, but the only times I was dumb enough to vocalize it in public was when I was completely absent minded, and that's never the case when interacting with people since anxiety does its part
You guys talk to cashiers? Self-service every fucking time.
