gf says I can do "anything" to her, she's my "slave", and she'll fulfill all my sexual fantasies
ask her to wear a thong
No those are uncomfortable
put my finger in her butt during sex
She yells at me to take it out
ask her to wear a buttplug
No that hurts!
ask her for anal
No that's gross and it hurts!
ask to tie her up
No, I'm scared
ask her to deep throat
No I'm going to gag, do you want me to throw up?
ask to touch her on a hike and if she would consider having sex outside
No, what if someone sees? I'm not 19 anymore
ask her to ride on top
she actually tries... for 30 seconds and then she's tired and gets off
So basically being my "slave" and "fulfilling all my fantasies" is just wearing her lame "sexy" underwear she buys with my credit card and allowing me to fuck her loose pussy. Why are women like this? I'd rather just stay home, jerk off, and save myself the trouble
loose
kekkkkk
Americans wipe their asses with toilet paper.
There is not only poo on her thong, but now on the counter.
There's this great thread on one of the female imageboards where they talk about having to wear thongs for their boyfriends and how it rides up their ass and how they have to moisturize their asses to not get shit on it.
gf says I can do "anything" to her, she's my "slave", and she'll fulfill all my sexual fantasies
ask
ask
ask
ask
Well there's your fucking problem, anon.
Well don't leave us hanging. Post the sauce.
start dating a girl for a few months
tells me how much she loves me and wants to spend our lives together
fall for it and sacrifice everything to be with her
a year later she tells me it was just a fling and she never expected for us to end up together
It's like words have no meaning to them and they just say whatever they feel like it at the time
You need to be 18 to post here.
I put my finger in her butt without asking and she yelled at me and forcefully pulled it out. I tried to put a buttplug in once while we were 69ing without asking and she got seriously mad and yelled at me telling if I don't stop she's going to leave.
No, I was desperate robot and she was obviously just manipulating me
I have a bidet
she tried for 30 seconds and said she was tired
She's ether fat or a dead fish in the sack. Like those are the two kinds of chicks who never get ontop
Why the fuck are you on r9k if you have a girlfriend? Get the fuck off here and go somewhere else. go on Reddit and tell your stupid fucking story there.
I finally got a gf and she loves anal but won't deepthroat and doesn't give much oral in general. Oh well can't win em all
doesn't give much oral in general
Do you do it for her? Maybe try 69 and shove your dick in her face
Do you do it for her
Yes. It's hot and I want to get better at it. I am
I can do "anything" to her, she's my "slave"
ask her to
retard
And she doesn't suck you off back? What a whore
It's like words have no meaning to them and they just say whatever they feel like it at the time
This is something I really need to commit into my soul
This perfectly describes almost all of my interactions with women, especially the ones that were more intimate or profound.
Last time she did without me asking. Otherwise usually no. I don't complain cause she lets me creampie her and ravage her asshole
No anon, I don't think you mean whore. A whore would suck a dick if it was in front of her. 
"Selfish cunt" better describes that kind of person
For the cost of courting her and keeping her comfortable and happy enough to want to stick around, you could be splashing that cash on mid to high class escorts who'll leave you walking funny after you visit them. There are alternatives
fickle
adjective
changing frequently, especially as regards one's loyalties, interests, or affection
Almost a decade ago I once heard someone use this word to describe women. It seemed inconsequential at the time, but looking back it was the wisest thing I have ever heard anyone say
I don't wanna post the link but here's the OP along with the shit smear comment.
Why do women talk shit and not know what they want all the time? I dunno. It doesn't matter really, does it? It's not curable.
She wanted to be a "slave" but the kind of slave she wanted. Where she's "made" to do all the stuff she was gonna do anyway. Women like that, you showing some dominance. Call her a slut, slap her face just once, maybe her arse once too. "Throw" her about. Gently but in an arrogant way where you pretend to be rough. But don't really BE rough cos like that'd hurt and fuck knows you'd end up in a police cell or something.
You have to read her mind. And yeah what she's doing is called "topping from the bottom" among BDSM weirdoes, but she's not even that, just some lame vanilla woman who wants an "exciting" sex life because TV says she should have one. She wants to tell her lame friends about how naughty you, but mostly she, is.
Just go along with it like usual. Usual rules still apply. Never do what a woman says she wants, because they don't actually know what they want. Or they might, but women have a constant process of wondering what their friends would think. And their family, and society as a whole. They care about all that and think they're being judged, even though nobody in the world gives a fuck or has a minute to spare judging your GF. But it's always on their mind, what they "should" do. Some of them learn the habit of short-circuiting that process quickly by making up rationalisations for whatever they want to do. Some of them just moon around for ages worrying about it then eventually do it anyway.
Mentally they are children. Emotionally they are something else entirely. You will never understand them using simple logic, because they don't run on it.
I am pretty sure this applies to every woman, at least in the culture we live in. I had a female friend who was cool and could talk about stuff, very rational, intelligent, knew her mind. But when it came to boyfriends she was a fucking retard, did exactly wrong,
Yeah but so what? You want your rimjob to taste of something.
It's like that whale stuff, ambergris. All sorts of things smell awful when concentrated, but diluted in tiny amounts they're exquisite. The human bunghole is one of them. Actually it's probably not shit, but some sort of secretion. Like the sweat in armpits and around genitals, designed to be thick and to smell, so we put our faces in there. Drives me wild, the smell of women, or indeed men, cos the sexiness got split out two ways it turns out.
If you're not rimming her, you're wasting half the woman. And in culture it's only just coming up. Like in the '80s the idea of oral sex entered popular culture and by the '90s you're expected to do it, it's "normal" and isn't sex without it. Rimming is starting to approach that early stage. But right now it's still a little taboo, so you can surprise her with it, and if you do the attitude right, she'll love it. My method is just to be a shameless dirty pig who's gonna lick your arsehole and you can't stop me. Little bit of dominance. 
Talking of... pretend you're just using her for your own pleasure, while secretly doing the stuff that gets her off. They like to feel used and helpless and all that shit. Rape fantasies. But be careful with that cos the silly bitch will end up thinking you actually raped her. You can be nasty with her but you have to figure out her boundaries and go only a little past one or two of them. All the while putting on the dominant rough guy act. Prob doesn't work on all women but I bet it does a lot.
Women like that, you showing some dominance.
But it's pretend dominance she's allowing you to have. It's cringe bullshit
americans
imagine being this lazy and filthy
Yeah you gotta ask first. It amazes me when people are close enough, intimate enough, to fuck someone, tongue in mouth, parts in parts, fluids everywhere. You're licking where her piss comes out, and she you. But when it comes to just asking for something... "I can't I'm scared." "I dunno how to ask her". Like you possibly love this creature, depending on the relationship. But you can't just vocalise "one day I wanna try putting a finger in your butt". Then you show her how you'll show loads of respect and you will stop immediately if she asks. Offer to start with little finger and lube the fuck out of it. Point out her average shit is wider than your finger and that doesn't hurt, right? You'll go slow and gentle and either pause or withdraw at her wish.
Say it'll really turn you on and you love her body etc. Sell it as adventurous and naughty even tho it's vanilla as fuck. Make out you'll be cool kinky people (in secret). It's not an advance to buttfucking and you don't want to do anything that'd hurt her, you're in it to find new pleasure. She can totally trust you just with a finger. You'll pause, or pull out, straight away. Put it in gently with communication and loads of lube.
Water-based lube doesn't attack latex condoms, where some oils (but not silicone I think) will attack the rubber and make a condom useless. Water-based tend to be shit though. They dry out but then you put more in. But I'd sooner use butter or something. Not gonna put a condom in her bum anyway are you? Crisco is big among fisters, some of that should do. Plus edible, yum! Don't show her fisting videos. Incidentally why does no porn have fisting twinks? It's always ugly old perverts who probably have HIV. Anyway, that's a different subject.
Trust and lube, baby. And communication! The 3 keys!
You should look up "La Donna e Mobile"
Italians are pretty retarded in my experience but that's just because modern people are fucking retarded, myself included
"topping from the bottom" 
This for real. She's pretending to be submissive but only for things she wants and allows you to do. It's pure manipulation
It's cringe bullshit
Yes but it's scientific name is "heterosexuality". 
But yeah you get it completely. If you get good at it, she'll be addicted to it, bothering you for dick all the time. Well my ex did, though she was fucking crazy. Beautiful though, but I'm not gonna get an attractive girl who's remotely sane. I'm not attractive enough. I'm a crazy geek with a drug habit, which is actually my ideal partner, but women don't go for it much. My looks aren't fabulous, I'd say below average. But that depends on the beholder, doesn't it? There's no objectively attractive, though there is a certain look magazines and TV go for. But even that changes over time. But anyway you only need to attract one person at a time. But yeah mine was nuts. 
My first GF, I was early 20s. I though I could handle the mental illness, there's lots of it in my family and my friends, but no she was way too much. Sad cos I did love her but I didn't know what I was getting into. I flirted with her a little bit and she flirted back. Her husband didn't appreciate it, and I utterly regret taking someone's wife, although at the time I thought he was a cunt and deserved it, but really he wasn't, he was just desperate from living with her. Maybe my biggest regret in life. She was lovely but crazy, some traumatic stuff from childhood but I think genetic as well.
But yeah she loved the "rough" stuff and was certain it wasn't just pretend, play. I told her it was but she wouldn't have it. Secretly deep down I must be rough and sadistic and all that shit. Nah. Well maybe a tiny bit after her. Figure out what she likes, accurately, through trying stuff and through talking to her. Play the game, women love it. Just be a big rough meanie who just wants their pussy, just wants to use them to cum in. They're just a slut for you to fuck whenever you want. Pardon me, but say stuff like that. Little slaps and a bit of rough fucking, really bang it in there. Read her reactions
HA! I often say the same! I even learned the first verse, wish I knew the rest. Belt it out like Pavarotti when you get the chance!
The translation is basically that women are mental, stupid fucking idiots, and don't know their mind from one second to the next. But we have to put up with them because they've got the cunts.
OK some of that may be a somewhat liberal interpretation. Go look it up. Verdi, or whoever it was, knew women back in that century. And they haven't changed. Lots of people have figured out they're crazy imbeciles. But we're hard-wired to want to fuck them, and they know that. They also quite like fucking us though, but don't feel able to just say so, so there's the stupid fucking game men play through their lives of trying to anticipate WTF is passing through their woman's mind that instant, and what the shit she's talking ACTUALLY means.
That's why women's magazines often have that feature, "What your man means when he says blah blah etc". What a man MEANS, is exactly what he SAYS. We're simple like that. But because they play stupid fucking games their whole lives, they're convinced we must do too. So they play games back to manipulate their words to fit what they think we "really" mean. But we're utterly simple and usually honest so it's a giant waste of time. "Giant waste of time. But with pussy". That's hetero love.
They are such annoying creatures, so evolution gave them really fantastic bodies. Cunts, boobs, and more than that, curvy hips and waist. I love that "egg timer" thing. The curves women have and always will. And trannies don't and can't because they are men.
But yeah you get it completely. If you get good at it, she'll be addicted to it, bothering you for dick all the time.
Why? She's in complete control the whole time playing with you like a toy she'll get bored of soon enough
Yeah she's trying to get what she wants, in a lame pretend "slave" way. But whatever she wants, the point is to get good at it. Master it. Be really good at getting her off. Women really like orgasms! The closeness of skin and body is nice too.
But get good at getting her off. Even if it's playing a whole silly game, why not? Sex is the closest adults get to playtime. Just be great at fucking her, dude! Find out what works, do that, and she'll forever love fucking you. To the point of asking if you can still fuck her if you break up. It's just sex, doesn't mean you please her and do what she wants the rest of the time. And it'll be pretty fantastic for you too, fucking somebody who really, really, wants it, is amazing. It's just play, get good at naked playtime.
Dystopic and pitiful
ask
ask
ask
ask
ask
Lol lmao even
Dude it's a way to get women off. I can't say from experience it works on dozens of women cos I've only fucked a couple and had a bit of fun here and there with a couple more. But even without fucking them, you learn their minds from spending a lifetime sharing a planet with them. It's not pitiful to give good sex. It's a useful skill. And of course you enjoy it too, wouldn't do it if it was annoying. You're just playing a game, performing a role, while maintaining in your mind the awareness of what you're doing and why, and thinking up new naughty names to call her. But she gets off on it like you're a Sybian. What's wrong with that?
Of course she will do stuff for you. I've got a little thing about urination. Sticking a woman with a beautiful body in the bath, whipping out your dick, then whistling a tune while you leisurely piss all over her, is a singular experience. She said she came from it, maybe she did, she was very turned on. I'm just into piss but for her it was a dominance and abuse thing. Fine! Our je-ne-said-quois happened to fit together conveniently.
It's a two-way thing, dude. Not a battle to win, not a competition. You can't "win" sex. Pleasing her makes her want to please you. And pleasing her usually turns guys on more. So a cycle of fuckin' awesome fucking with a bit of silly play thrown in. Why not? 
What am I doing wrong? What's the correct way in your opinion?
Actually I was lying earlier. I can't actually whistle.
I have a bidet
I don't. I wipe dry a couple of times, then get some toilet paper and stick a little bit of soap and water on it. Shower gel will do too. Wash anus. Then get some paper with just water, for the rinse cycle. Rinse anus to remove soap residue. This is why you use just a little soap. Finish with dry paper.
If, for some reason, bunghole doesn't come up clean, repeat the cycle. Easy. Nice washed-clean, soap-and-water hole, with little more effort than just wiping. In fact it can be quicker to wash this way, than to wipe and wipe to get those last sticky shit molecules off. Water is best! 
Or buy a Japanese toilet, but I am dubious as to how the nozzle stays hygienic. Also the ones with the pussy spray at the front, they just rinse piss off the outer lips, right? You don't spread them and have the toilet give you a good cleanout? Shame if you don't, some women need it. There's "natural scent" and there's setting off the smoke alarms when she takes her panties off.
It's like words have no meaning to them and they just say whatever they feel like it at the time
Yes
 ask to tie her up
No, I'm scared
I think we've got bigger problems here than just sex.
ask her to wear a thong
No those are uncomfortable
I'd dump her immediatly. This is no negotiable.
Dude. Ate you gay? You are some good programed goy. Don't watch so much porn.
*original autistic ranting*
Sounds like you have a shit slave. Get rid of it.
famale
i think that's an extreme reaction, but she isn't exactly being fair either.
This Girl is Ready for Chad and Tyrone
Not OP but I've been back here like 3 or 4 times since I got gf. Come for these types of comments though, it's where the real lolz are at.
nobody is gonna read all that you dumb virgin
she's my "slave",
ask her to
Fag
Imagine being such a lame ass girlfriend that you won't even wear sexy panties if your boyfriend asks you, wew.
then take more control
was that supposed to be a pun?
Not really, just shaking my head at boring gfs like that.
