"Average incel doesn't talk to women" yeah because women only hang around males who either A) give them money and simp like crazy or B) Are attractive. Literally the graph shows a perfect link to rated looks and personality from women.
"Not how men were created" its a people thing. People can't be isolated all day but this society pushes ugly men through the halo effect (where looks and personality correleate perfectly so basically if your ugly people assume you are less intresting and a bad person etc.) 
The only reason you think the majority of incels are fake cells is because women only ever choose to interact with the top 20% of males that get all the sex and ignore all the other men so as a result the incel type people due to halo effect and other factors like being neurodovergent will never be in your social circles. Women only ever socialise with extraverted jocks or chads. 
"Don't have drive" lmfao. The average women doesn't even agree to split the bill for their dates, the average 5/10 woman can pull a 8/10 chad on tinder just via existing while the average dude has to put all their effort in to even get a date with a normal female just to get ditched with the bill for free food. Where is the drive there?
The 2 richest women in the world are those who divorced men and took half their money you question their drive? How embarrasing. You are so unself aware that you can't even bring yourself to actually respond towhat I wrote and instead just have some semi related rant about some underage minor you feel the need to project onto the rest of the people here. 
I speak of how women think men are undeserving of companionship and you literally respond with the toxicly masculine trope of show more drive. When the average woman doesn't even go gym when I go gym its full of men. 
You women question the very notion that a sub par looking man should even desire love then get surprised when they lose the will to chase women who only will ever truly want chad.
granted though, online dating is as shalow as it gets and just like everything online, you shouldnt apply it directly to the reality that isnt behind your screen, but out your front door
although yes, beauty is a gift from the gods and being non-beautiful means youre at the mercy of other forces than beauty. Also, i feel like being good looking makes you a lot more confident and boosts your self esteem so the good looking guys might truly have more attractive personalities
online dating is just like real life there's no difference niga
yes, seeing someones best selfie next to a wall of text where they describe themselves to you is just like meeting someone irl in real time and getting to know who they are directly instead of just reading their bio
they won('t bother with knowing you if you're ugly trust me as an ugly guy i've been ostracised by the masses of normies my whole life
dating apps more or less work though if you're someone who gets matches. the "real world" as you know it is also getting synonymous dating-wise. people care about superficial shit more than ever. if they don't like how you look, they won't go for you. same goes for any platform
Foids dont fucking read the bios all they see is your profile pic
yeah im sure being ugly doesnt help but there are probably other factors that work into it, i was ostracized by the normies all my life despite being rather good looking and athletic. although more by other guys than by girls oftentimes. but even when i was fat and rarely showered i still got attention from the oppo sex rather often
fakcel
get the fuck off my board
Not true.
They read the bios sometimes.
below 5/10:Ewww wtf... *rejected without reading bio* 
5-8/10: meh hes kinda average looking maybe he has a good personality *reads the bio*
9/10+: oh hes a serial rapist? thats fine i like bad boys :)
they check the bio to see how much money you make or something
Maybe looks are just personality...
No...
That cant be true...
Chad just has some sick pick up lines thats why he gets all the girls i just need to figure out what hes saying to them and i can get all the girls too like him.
using a photo to rate personality
"personality is just looks"
retard alert. stavvy proves you wrong btw
Something people often neglect is to bring up the casual lookism in memes.
Neckboard meme? He's fat and ugly. The idea? "I don't like you, you're a bad person, you must look like this!" with no regard for what they are saying about the guy in the picture they are using, despite knowing nothing about him other than his looks.
Same for the chudjack.
The virgin vs chad meme plays on this too.
Both sides of the political spectrum do this. Normalfags are evil.
Neckbeard meme reflects that bad people dont take care of themselves. Shaving your beard or eating healthy is a choice, making the bad choice causes ugliness. Lookism mememaxxers are wrong only because they focus on outliers. 60% of men are overweight. Only 2% of them are mutant deformed freaks. You have 30x more opportunity to fix how you look and 30x more truth if you say that ugly people are bad
guise look at this unsources unexplained meme graph
it totally proves you should never try and never talk to women
it's from okcupid themselves. a "we experiment on humans beings" blogpost. the findings are spoken about in some newspapers.
people do make their own charts though so it's good to look it up.
Pic related is the truth
Normies will do anything to avoid the truth which is some men are simply undesirable
It's not their personality, confidence, hobbies what ever the fuck.
It's their looks, most women find most men sexually unattractive
he thinks online dating is representative of anything real
remember, all online dating platforms are 80% male and 20% female, thus giving rise to your hypergamy myth, and other mathematical anomalies
How can someone accurately gauge someone's personality from a dating profile? Clearly the only thing you can rate is their looks because you're not meeting the fucking person. The bigger joke is thinking you can judge someone's personality from a 200 character about me section and pictures..
Stats have shown that women think 80% of men are ugly though. And women also find men that aren't fat to be ugly too. A man is more likely to be a "mutant deformed freak" in the eyes of a woman than he is to be fat.
Also your point doesn't address the Chudjak example, where he isn't fat or a neckbeard, he just has an unattractive face.
this low iq argument falls apart when u realize Dating site is literally 90:10 ratio of male to female.
lmao idky u retards keep harping on about this
