I know that 80% of this board is incel this, incel that but what about volcels? Do they exist on this board or am I in the wrong place? I just want to know what makes someone become a volcel.
ive been asked out by a couple of my friends from high chool for a few years (i got reasonably attractive and used to be mega ugly, went from short and acne ridden to 6' and jawpilled and i work out) and ive been asked out by party sluts a few times. I rejected my friends because i saw them as like sisters or something and it was weird. i also do not want to have sex that bad i want a normal relationship with a woman who is not a whore.
The one time i could have had sex (she was literally climbing on top of me and going for my belt) 
I literally pushed her off and ran out and never talked to her again because i already found out she was a mega whore fuckign basically anything with a dick and i was paranoid about stds and stuff. Now i know that she was probably clean but it doesnt matter because i never got another oportunity anyway.
That was over 5 years ago and i have been hard rejected by every woman since then. some of them i talked to for weeks before getting ghosted or told no.
i am a volcel. i can't explain it properly it is a weird mix. there's trauma, high standards and probably monogamy involved. also not many girls like me. but i know i could fuck some girls that i find attractive but don't really entirely like. idk. most times i think i wanna but then self sabotage and i realised i was a volcel because last week a girl i find physically very attractive but i dont feel connected with asked to come to my house and i understood clearly i just dont want to hook up
Most virgin men are volcels who refuse to date fat chicks.
Yeah I'm a volcel. I'm a catholic waiting for marriage to have sex cause that's what makes me happy. Just gotta find a sweet catholic girl who shares my values and convince her to marry me haha. In the meantime I'm working on building a life so I can support my future family. I don't really feel any shame or embarrassment about being a virgin, nor do I desperately crave a relationship like many here do. Its not that I don't want to have a relationship, I'm just not desperate for one I guess. I'm pretty well off for how young I am and I have faith that God will bring me together with someone lovely.
I'm a 27 year old kissless incel but I did live near a brothel for a while
So I had the opportunity to pay $150 for sex with an ugly whore if I really wanted to but passed it up
I'm sorta volcel. Rejected three opportunities to get laid. However, after that happened, I later went on to try and fail a few times, so I'm not really sure what I am.
I want a gf who is a virgin like myself. Since this is impossible I walk a fine line between volcel and incel.
Half the women I dated were fat. That didn't bug me much so long as they still had a feminine figure and were slovenly hags. A big girl can do a lot to improve her appearance and look presentable in public. But after I broke up with my last girlfriend I realized I wasn't into her on an emotional or intellectual level. We just had decent chemistry and fucked good together. I could tell I hurt her with my apathy the last time we saw each other. After that I only saw one other girl, and she was one of those bullshit "sapiosexual" cunts who just wanted to bum ride, get free meals and free weed. I only met up with her twice. After that I swore off internet dating and gave up on actively looking to get laid. It's been five or six years since then. I haven't missed much. I think I exhibit a few sociopathic traits, one of them being an inability to form strong emotional bonds with other humans. I'm content to spend the rest of my life a bachelor, especially since I have no desire to get married or have kids. At least I put myself out there, fucked a few beautiful girls, and got some experiences under my belt. I feel more complete as a person because of it.
Volcel here.
Not a loser
Above average looks
Muscular
Cant bother to look for women, my right hand is enough
