As an anon in western Europe, how to find a gf who will groom me to be her femboy gf? I am 5'4 and perfect for it desu
A fembot grooming me into her gf (male) would be my dream.
Women will likely only do that if you're paying them. You could try posting a thread in /soc/ asking for that but I doubt you'll get takers.
I don't want findom i want a genuine relationship with a dynamic like this.
Bump for fembot groomer gf
would, but sadly you'll probably turn into a troon at some point
Force him to take estrogen blockers.
I have absolutely no desire to be a woman and enjoy being a man. If I lopped it off I'd lose the very thing that makes me enjoy what I do and it would ruin the relationship with someone I'd care about. 
Are you in western Europe?
lopped it off
Tranny doesn't mean "cut off your dick."
Most trannies still have dicks. Srs is relatively rare.
I'm not trans. I like being male, just want to be of the femboy gf (male) type with a gf who wants that. Trannies ruin everything.
I don't want to take any kind of hormones
estrogen BLOCKERS aren't hormones
I'm not taking anything that messes up my natural body chemical balance, hormones or hormone blockers
I'm pretty sure all the hormone fuckery makes erections if not outright impossible than at least rare and difficult to achieve.
So no, without blue pills most troons don't have functioning penis.
The pink-haired girl (?) looks like Belle Delphine.
I said most don't cut off their dick / get srs, not that most get rock hard erections like men do.
Belle spawned a bunch of copycats.
Anon, you understand that grooming you into a femboy is step one?
Step two is having threesome with a real man.
And no, you're riding and sucking that dick too.
Alleynefag is Acaz (a BPD lolcow) , and he uses Alleyne as a guise for his innocent depressed elflover persona. In actuality, Alleynefag is a gay, alcoholic ERP fiend from the depths of /trash/, he also frequents /afgg/ on /vg/ where he found a guy called lain, paid for his plane ticket and allowed himself to be assfucked by lain, who instantly left after the act. Alleynefag is still spiteful about this and even leaked his address on /afgg/ (he did that today, literally).
He creates another thread persona with Holo from Spice and Wolf, and uses it to endlessly harass and insult Urabefag. Urabefag was (seemingly) close friends with Sayafag, and Alleynefag interpreted this as some hot gay love affair that he wasn't in on, so he got upset and used the Holofag persona to try and drive them away. He even said that he was "jealous of their chemistry".
He faked a suicide attempt during this, and even responded to himself (as Alleynefag) with the Holofag persona.
He eventually reveals being the person behind Holofag, then spends about a year posting intermittently while focusing mostly on ERPing, alcohol and getting assfucked by strangers.
A few months later, some anon posts links to the vg archive where the whole assfucking thing is discussed. He comes here, attentionwhores more, then stops posting in waifu threads altogether. This happens like a year after the holofag thing, if memory is right.
https://arch.b4k.co/vg/thread/296191732/#q296255512
Are you female?
That'll make a difference in how hot this post is.
I'm OP and I am not trans, and will not mess with my hormones or take anything that ruins my functions.
I just want a gf who grooms me to be her gf (male).
If you're a male this is just fetish fuel. I'm not here for that.
Not them but I'd be down for that if I got to be femboy
What does this have to do with my thread?
Last bump before bed originally
R u whammins???
Silly anon, everyone knows there are no girls on the internet.
We are all girls on the inside anon
