How do you reconcile the fact that you can't be yourself and also get women? I've always prioritized being true to who I am, but I also noticed that my core personality gives girls the ick hard. Such a large part of dating is basically conforming to the behaviors girls like, if not you are gonna struggle a lot. I'm not upset about it, I just think its an interesting thing to consider because people always say to be yourself, but what if your behaviors don't line up with narrow set that are key to not turning girls off.
Yeah this is basically my dilemma since I have a very malleable personality. I basically chose to be myself though and dislike women for only liking me if I conform to a very narrow set of traits.
How do you want to act that will give all the girls the ick?
If women wouldn't like you why do you still want one?
I come across as goofy and weird, eccentric and a bit off putting. On a friendship level most people find my personality fun and endearing, but its obvious that girls get a massive pussy drying around me with a little bit of ick.
It's more being respectful as she just met you and you shouldn't do all that weird shit off the bat, after she's invested you can be as cringe as you want, but be respectful of her boundaries, show her she got a good man as would you like her not to fart in front of you or change her period pad, or other gross shit females do.
dont answer that anon more they are just here to derail your thread and harvest yous they do it all the time
None of this would deter a man from moving forward with a girl though. Women are unique in that they will reject you over the smallest quirk. You show up with an android instead of an iphone and they are already planning how to get away from you.
I just stopped trying to get a gf completely. Things are better now that I'm free.
You clearly haven't had a girl who's into you. While some are fickle, they forgive a lot of shit if they're into you. In fact all you have to do is see what kind of fantasy she's projecting on to you shutup and let her project.
I have an android, and all of the girls I've interacted with had an Iphone, I know how women are so I ask them "What were you thinking when you saw that green bubble" then proceeded to joke around.
You are literally my Doppelgaenger arent you?
You sound gay.
I wish my problem was my "personality" and not the fact that I am hideously ugly.
I mean yeah that's the whole point of the thread. I noticed guys adjust their behaviors quite a bit to deal with women. My friend would be on the same wavelength as me but when a girl is around he becomes way more serious and begins to look at me with contempt. But I'm like "Dude, you were just joking along side me 10 minutes ago lol".
Yeah, because that's intimate guy stuff. Women can't handle that shit, just how women don't go on about getting dick in front of guys (these days idk anymore) or call their friends bitches and sluts in front of dudes. They realize that this human being has different boundaries than them and they're nice enough to accommodate. They look at you with contempt because you're too stupid to realize how you're making other people uncomfortable. You're like the dude who is blasting his music in public because "That's just who I am".
They realize that this human being has different boundaries than them and they're nice enough to accommodate.
The difference is they could do it and guys would still fuck and date them because we aren't fickle and looking for the smallest reason to reject someone.
That has nothing to do with it. Again outside of the context of trying to impress women my personality is perfectly fine, people love my energy, everyone is having fun and enjoying being loose and free, but when girls are around its like now you're expected to take on the role of either a cool calm guy or a dark triad chad lite.
welcome to the world anon, fit into their little mold or do not interact with them, those are really your options if you dont want to get treated like shit. Literally awalt
I can accept that, its just that typically I interact with women very little, but recently I've had the chance to and I saw very clearly how much I give them the ick. At best they think I'm funny and strange, but I'm completely unsexy to them. It made me realize despite how much people tell you to be yourself, when it comes to women there is a large degree of conformity that goes into not rubbing them the wrong way.
honestly, thats a blessing. Im free from women as I stand no chance .
Yes women are like enforcers for societal norms, I do not see them as individuals because they all do this. I genuinely avoid them.
There is something you are not getting. Something about yourself you are not seeing and I don't think it's the women if that is always the response. There are plenty of clowns who are acceptable. Maybe because you're on this place your jokes are too brutal and crude for women, or you're trying to bust their balls like a dude. Personally I would never joke with my guy friends the way I would joke with women. They're too sensitive for that shit.
Nah I'm not out aggressively making jokes about people, if anything I'll expose weird things about myself just for a laugh. If I found myself being offensive to people that would be one thing, but people tend to respond to my personality very well. I don't think the issue is me being abrasive or anything, there's just nothing sexy about the way I behave, its just an amusing combination of friendliness and weirdness.
Feels good brehs
This phenomenon is reflected heavily in male dating advice. Its basically a endless list of dos and don'ts that aim to shape you into a guy that's less likely to make girls run off. You don't have to shed every aspect of who you are to get women, but there is a lot of conformity that goes into it because you're competing with guys who will fake everything about themselves for a crumb of pussy.
I gave up on women when I realized nobody could bear with the real me. Not just women but men too. I'm always hiding my powerlevel as much as I can. I learnt to not be excited about anything or at least not openly. I stopped going on forums where I need to register because I will inevitably have outbursts of my real personality. My greatest disappointment was realizing even if I'm talking with people who have an extremely specific interest they will resent me if I'll get too excited. I have never met anyone who was even remotely similar to me. When I see advice here I genuinely think people are not talking about improvement but how to deceive others.
Yeah see that's called being a defeatist bitch, women hate that. Don't be a bitch. That IS your personality. Your looks you can't do much about. A solid, real man comes to terms with himself and accepts himself. Doesn't hate himself and make big lists about how come girls don't like him. You have to own your shit. That's being grown-up. 
Your looks are OK, and don't really matter because... and here you decide what. You have to like yourself, dude. Self-hatred is a proper ladyboner killer. It's feeling sorry for yourself, and nobody wants to hang out with a depressing manchild who bitches about stuff he can't change so he doesn't have to address the things he can. Take charge in your life. You'll feel better, and it'll project when you're with people.
What did you write?
It's not about faking. It's "be yourself, but don't be a sperg or a bitch", the missing part of that advice. Accentuate the positive, that is, the more pro-social bits of you, and play down some of the self-disparaging you tend to do. Still you, but the better side of you, the good stuff people like. Don't diminish yourself for humour, don't put yourself down. It's cringey. It's like you can't even stand up for yourself, to yourself. You even beat yourself up. Quit that habit. It starts to look like begging for sympathy and that's not a good look, who wants a partner who's forever going on about his faults and weaknesses? We all have them, learn to get past them and master them.
tl dr
Be what women want you to be
See, what did I just tell you about being a whiny bitch? Would you date a woman who was like that? Obviously, yes, cos you want the pussy, but imagine a woman complaining all the time about how shit her life was and how none of it was her fault so she doesn't lift a finger except to bitch.
Learning to impress or seduce a woman is a very complex thing to do. and it works differently for all men since of our little quirks. Honestly I think the best thing you could do is spend more time around women you do not know. Meet more women. Over time you will understand what they dislike or like about you and you can tweak your humor and your way of talking to be attractive to them
from this thread ive learned
Clearly you arent understanding that certain element for seduction and attraction even if you are well liked among friends. Your friends and family are a bubble and not a clear indication of how you might be liked in the real world
Well its obvious that there a set of behaviors that will increase your chances of attracting women, but at some point you are straying from who you genuinely are just for the sake of getting pussy, that's the problem. I love myself and my personality, but I can also see why girls don't, so then I have to make a choice, continue to be who I am and love being, or change to for the sake of impressing someone else.
I'm not complaining here, I made the choice to stick to my own way of doing things, but its interesting to see the concept of being oneself tested against the reality of interacting with women who have a very narrow sense of what is attractive.
I never cared about women. I would much rather be myself in solitude than put on an act to entertain a worthless soulsucking whore
Since realising I am too aspie to survive in a job within this piece of shit service economy, all hopes of having a normal life ended years ago. Being an aspie NEET and a bald manlet makes me unfuckable to the Nth degree. I simply focus on survival now and keeping access to food and shelter.
A lot of men want simple lives, women seem to want total chaos. As a shut-in, I could never hope to keep their interest, if by some miracle I ever got it. It does seem that apart from sex, relationships are very over-rated. Seems like a second job and it's so easy for men to get cucked by monkey-branching foids.
You have to be more narcissistic and abusive, tell a woman to shut up sometimes, be really dominant in bed and you got her heart :)
