Will a sex therapist actually have sex with you?
sexooooo
edit: sexooooooooooo
wtf does a sex therapist do anyway
mfs really find a way to extract money from anything
They won't stop the incel revolution
mfs really find a way to extract money from anything
That's pretty much what it sounds like
I haven't read much about it but from what I have it's just some woman sex-coaching them for when/if they have sex
It's like the modern equivalent of getting scammed into buying videos tapes that'll make you rich you just follow their instructions.
Just invest in a whore.
No it is a legit thing and they often do more than that. Some specialize with the disabled or those who have undergone traumatic injuries affecting their ability to have sex and basically help them re-learn how to do so, often with their spouses present
Also working with rape victims/other forms of sex-related psychological trauma in an effort to help them obtain normalcy. It's a psychology specialization, just like how a psychologist might specialize in autism or child psychology etc
Sounds like a scam wtf are they gonna say to fix it. Probably could read more useful advice to deal with it from a Redditor.
And victims should literally just see a regular therapist to deal with psychological trauma.
If by sex therapist you mean prostitute, then yeah
Jimz
Yeah just go see the person who *doesn't* spend additional years in school to specialize in how to handle your exact problems, go to a general doctor instead. Similarly, we don't need neurologists, your family doctor can handle the brain surgeries
Not in the US, no. 
I have heard European anons say they do over there but I haven't looked it up to see if they were just bullshitting.
That's such an obvious bullshit comparison. It does have to do with depression, anxiety, PTSD which would be treated by a normal therapist/psychiatrist. I'm sure people who went through that could just need a benzo before sex to not worry about shit. You don't need to talk about sex and libido etc, its a total scam for people who are fooled to think they're lesser if they don't have sex all the time. Just think about it, the idea of paying someone to frequently have sessions to talk about having sex is just insanely weird.
Short answer no. Long answer is that there's a semi-fringe grey market practice some of them will do where they coordinate with a third person, a 'surrogate partner', who's being paid to help you practice everything from making eye contact to accepting being touched to being naked around others to, most uncommonly, full-on sex.
To my knowledge it barely if at all exists in North America because obviously the law is going to see this as prosititution with extra steps in most jurisdictions.
it's legal in america and no cops would give a damn when they see the goal is to heal some trauma. it's just not well-known among therapists and a lot of them are uncomfortable with the idea which is a shame because it's way more effective than just talk therapy.
Imagine repeatedly paying for a woman to tell you how to have sex but never actually having it with you.
Just pay for an escort and be done with it lol
Depends on the sex therapist, it's quite a broad definition profession
