how do I deal with le friendly / subtle bullying and humiliation ?
there's this nigger (white guy) in my uni group that acts like an asshole to me in the most obnoxious 'passable' way for example 
be me today 
there was a half joking le friendly banter tone to it but I genuinely got completely humiliated without any reasonable reason and of course because its half jokingly and were all on paper friends I cant get mad or make a scene.
this dude keeps trying to low key either humiliate me and especially around other people and/or annoy me and le 'dominate' me
other examples
after lab classes
there was a half joking le friendly banter tone to it but I genuinely got completely humiliated without any reasonable reason and of course because its half jokingly and were all on paper friends I cant get mad or make a scene.
this dude keeps trying to low key either humiliate me and especially around other people and/or annoy me and le 'dominate' me
other examples
be at the hand washing stand after the lab
there was a half joking le friendly banter tone to it but I genuinely got completely humiliated without any reasonable reason and of course because its half jokingly and were all on paper friends I cant get mad or make a scene.
this dude keeps trying to low key either humiliate me and especially around other people and/or annoy me and le 'dominate' me
other examples
wash hands properly with the whole technique and soap and alcohol and everything but do it slightly quicker than usual while next to him and finish before him
there was a half joking le friendly banter tone to it but I genuinely got completely humiliated without any reasonable reason and of course because its half jokingly and were all on paper friends I cant get mad or make a scene.
this dude keeps trying to low key either humiliate me and especially around other people and/or annoy me and le 'dominate' me
other examples
he says something along the lines of "YO ANON DO YOU NEED TO GO BACK AND LEARN HOW THE BASIC HYGIENE COURSE ?" while a bunch of people are next to us 
there was a half joking le friendly banter tone to it but I genuinely got completely humiliated without any reasonable reason and of course because its half jokingly and were all on paper friends I cant get mad or make a scene.
this dude keeps trying to low key either humiliate me and especially around other people and/or annoy me and le 'dominate' me
other examples
I literally tell him I did it properly and whats the big deal but of course I get cut off when everybody takes his side without second thought 
there was a half joking le friendly banter tone to it but I genuinely got completely humiliated without any reasonable reason and of course because its half jokingly and were all on paper friends I cant get mad or make a scene.
this dude keeps trying to low key either humiliate me and especially around other people and/or annoy me and le 'dominate' me
other examples
one guy is like "yo dude its his life let him throw it away if he wants to" and a female classmate jokingly tells me "yo make sure you dont touch me anon"
there was a half joking le friendly banter tone to it but I genuinely got completely humiliated without any reasonable reason and of course because its half jokingly and were all on paper friends I cant get mad or make a scene.
this dude keeps trying to low key either humiliate me and especially around other people and/or annoy me and le 'dominate' me
other examples
what do
Be a man and break his fucking jaw in front of everyone. Might makes right.
I do that and I lose everything , were not in highschool anymore
Kek.
Laughs aside he probably either wants to fuck you or get fucked by you
Then provoke him into getting physical first and then break his jaw.
This douchebag sounds like he likes the attention he oh so craves. You gotta beat him at his own game, get witty and play ball.
stop taking it so seriously maybe joke back with an insult
If you can't do that then just tell on him. Uni today love bending over backwards for anyone claiming to be abused.
"But nigger (white guy), I was just masturbating both of us!"
again , I lose everything 
Im a medfag and my faculty has zero tolerance for any shit like that. chances are nobody will care who the aggressor is , were both gonna get booted.
thats what I did but 
A- nobody takes my side
B- Im the center of the joke
C- its soul crushing to be humiliated so thoroughly and to pretend to be entertained
Start lifting and get visibly strong. People never gave me any respect untill I could give them a friendly ruffing up while laughing playfully. If people think you are weak and can't hols your own they will be brutal to you untill you become strong.
This is God's way of eliminating weakness and encouraging growth through direct teaching.
Grow or die. That is what life demands of us. Try not to be resentful. You'll be so proud of yourself when you're done growing. "I never thought I could be this strong. Look at me now, I bet I could go even further." That's you in a year. You just have to believe it.
I'm the tallest guy in class and I'm way bigger than other dudes there including their circle.
Granted I'm not talkative and I dont go out of my way to make my presence known , frankly I cant be bothered with this sorta thing , Its childish and paphetic and if you think for one second that I fear or respect this guy you are very very wrong. I do feel humiliated though.
Op just fuck him already. I can feel the sexual tension between you two through my screen
Fight him hes a low IQ idiot you cant reason with him
Everyone probably thinks you're hot shit. Learn to laugh a little. They are jealous of you, giga sad chad. Don't act like such a pussy if you're physically capable. 
Now you've even got me bullying you. Because it's funny. Imagine some huge jacked 6ft 6 goober letting me push him around when he could crush me. It's peak comedy.
Act friendly towards him every day and if he pulls that shit again laugh at him and push him around a bit. Get hands. Stop being shy.
Ur a fucking pussy bro, dont matter u weigh 250lbs. Either knock him out or tell him to shut the fuck up or report him. Just fucking do something
Because it's funny
its not.
huge jacked 6ft 6 goober
you're exagerating , I just said im taller and that im not an easy target by any means, dont take that to mean im some meathead that mogs everyone there.
see the posts above, I literally cant fight because im gonna get fucked in the ass. 
I'm speaking from experience , I was bullied in school and I fucked up most of my bullies physically and I got suspended and all the teachers took their side.
I try to pull that shit as an adult and its over.
and if I'm gonna throw everything away I can see better ways of going about it.
thats even gayer than not beating him up , Im not a snitch even if he is a fucking asshole.
I have heard that some people deepfake gay porn of others and tag their real names in it but I could be mistaken.
i never understood these op posts where op bitches about something and then argues with every single suggestion or piece of advice given
Because the advice you and others are giving him are self-evidently nonactionable advice to make yourselves seem knowledgeable and competent, but anybody smarter than you (99% of the population) can see right through the "advice" as nonsense.
Is it gay if you make deepfake porn of yourself and jerk off?
You just have to gently wrap your hands across his forearms and lean in to him, bite your lip and say
"Bro, just KISS me already"
lmao you're so mouthy on the internet with the attitude, op. if only you acted this way with your classroom bullies lmfao
Listen, being playful is a subtle thing that I can't really go on at length about on my phone. There's a push and pull to it that you have to feel out. Learn to be more emotional in a positive way. Learn to care about people, even the ones you think hate you have things they care about. You could become someone they care about. Just act like a friend. If it doesn't work out over time just ignore them entirely. No eye contact, no speech just nothing. They will go away.
Just a deck in the face bro do it you fucking pussy
So what can advice would 99% of the population give you then?
You're seething at random 3rd parties to seem smart and clever now, case in point. You don't have to struggle so hard to save face in front of strangers, you are basically my bitch here and its okay if you bow out. There's no climbing out of looking like an idiot for you. Sorry champ.
I think part of the reason you're not taken seriously is because you're replying to me as if I'm the OP because you're embarrassed that you got called out for your obvious idiocy. Just wrap it up, morons. You can't save face by doubling down. You were caught out.
yeah, i can see exactly why the people in your class make a complete joke out of you. so brave when there's a screen in front of ya. kekekek
yeah sounds good mate I'll try to think about that , im not denying im a bit of a akward chud but yea being bullied suckswa
it literally wasnt me nigga dont get so toxic
Don't be so enraged, I caught you out. You can't save any face now. Just bow out and you'll be less angry about being humiliated.
Nta, im just asking since our advice isnt adequate, what would you suggest?
Listen to this guy: >>73187156. Perhaps you could have responded with something like "that's how your mother taught me" or something along those lines while laughing.
Well, it's pretty obvious you're OP because you get asshurt and offended the exact same way. You're not too good at this samefagging thing.
yeah its good advice and I do that too and I got him good a few times but I am terrible at banter because I'm a shy nigger
He needs to give it back as good as he got, by yelling at the guy not to be a retard, calling his mother a whore, etc. He's not going to be earning his peers respect or anything the pecking order is already established so he's always going to be on the bottom but he can get this goofy retard off his back by just verbally abusing him until he backs off. He will not make friends with any of these people.
Nah, its okay man. You were humiliated I understand your anger but you can't save face that way. Just bow out and your anger/rage will subside.
relax, anony. i'm just having a laugh. take a deep breath. hope i don't remind you too much of your classroom bullies. :^)
Ask him to stop outside of class. Explain its not OK to harass you like that and your about to report him. 
Mention this is a private conversation and you expect him to keep it that way.
When he spills the beans, you can now publicly reveal that he is extremely untrustworthy ect.
You have no social skills so this probably won't work for you. 
Banter back in the moment or use your sub 110IQ and try 
Hand washing > what can I say, I love the smell of your mother
Hand writing > fingers are fucked from banging your mother
Writes itself
I'm sorry you feel so humiliated here that you have to post that way but if you bow out instead of trying to save face after being caught out you won't be so angry anymore.
That's not possible on an anonymous website where no one has any reputation to uphold. Seems a lot of your ego hinges on these interactions.
spoken like someone who didn't learn the basic hygiene course
I get it, I get it. You're still scrambling for a way out that saves face and that's why you won't disengage. You know that your humiliation is completed regardless and so the final submissive disengagement vs the seething continued engagement after being caught out is a hard choice for you. But I promise you'll feel less angry and calm down as soon as you disengage.
I know, I knooow. It hurts to be humiliated but I promise if you bow out instead of scrambling to save face, you will feel much better almost instantly.
That doesn't seem to be the case, honestly. You seem extremely agitated.
I knooow I know I promise champ, I really do. But if you just bow out instead of looking for a way to save face, you will feel so much better.
Why can't you say this to your bully?
Oh buddy I know I get it. I do. I so get it. But if you just avoid the need to save face before you disengage you will feel so much better and your rage that compels you to keep posting to avoid that submissive moment of disengagement will subside.
Holy reddit
You can tell this poster got his ass kicked all the time in school
lmfao you're so heavily invested in this interaction.
lmao , op here,
hes not me.
you can wrap it up now champ
I get it I know. Feigned laughter and all that is a really useful tool for dealing with humiliation I knooow, but you'll feel so much better just bowing out. Gotta rip the bandaid off if you want to assuage your anger.
Your afraid of him then?
You know, you could say this same exact thing to your bully irl.
that's a nice edit, anon. make another one
I get it I know I really do. But you'll so much better if you avoid trying to save face and just bow out instead of angrily trying to have to last word out of a seething feeling of humiliation. I'm sorry champ, I really am.
normalfags are hostile npcs let loose on the world.
Just fucking hit him you pussy if you get ganged up well thats on you but at least people wont see you as a wuss remember he is white if he was black I would suggest moving to another university since you literally cant touch him due to how masochistically insane whites are in universities these days
Eventually your back in class. What will you do? 
This is actually his bully hoping to find him
Least schizoid conversation on /r9k/
lmao sure heres another screenshot.
feeling stupid yet?
I know I knooow champ, you're really angry. Humiliation can feel that way, but if you put aside the need to save face you will feel so much better almost instantly.
schizoid is not the same as schizophrenic.
thread theme : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_inUax_RTUo [Embed]
I get it champ I know, I really do knoow. I promise champ. But if you put aside the mimicry to save face and avoid being governed by your unique feeling of humiliation, you won't be so angry. You'll bow out and feel SO much better. I get it I really do champ.
what a funny way to cope with being bullied in college.
I get it champ I know the feeling of humiliation can be overwhelming. But if you stop trying to save face out of anger and just bow out and endure the one moment of submission, you will feel so much better.
It's hard because of extreme in/out groups.
Best bet is to elevate yourself above yet he is wallowing in pity. 
OP, do you have two parents?
Why are you replying to yourself so fast?
you really do put that on display. :^)
Because I failed the basic shitposting course
I know champ I get it. Feigning ironic detachment and calm helps cope with the humiliation, and cute little emojis can maybe help save face. But if you give up that goal, of saving face and just accept the bowing out of submission, you will feel so much better and your anger will subside almost instantly.
Because samefagging is like a drug to me. Any other questions, faggoroni?
you don't have to cope with humilation on here, anony. save it for the real world.
I get it champ, I do. I know mimicry can help save face when you feel humiliated but you don't have to do it. If you bow out submissively, you'll feel so much better and less bitter and enraged right away.
well, at least you can admit it. but why, though?
I know champ, I know. It hurts a lot champ, but you can't save face that way. It'll just deepen your humiliation. If you bow out you'll feel so much better and less angry.
quads of pure winrar
Champ counter, overloaded
mindbroken
thread ruined successfully? :^)
I know champ, I know but you can't save face that way. I knoooow, I get it I so get it champ. But the rage and seethe you feel that compels you to post deepens your humiliation more than the one moment of total submission that stopping posting is will. You'll feel so much better after that I promise.
Why submit when you dance so nicely?
meh, needs moar "champ".
Champ if you are this pathetic you should really forget about the face and just report them for bullying you all the time. If you don't get ahead of it they will try to gaslight you so any confrontation you have with them makes you look like you are in the wrong for taking things too seriously. You are being bullied, let then be disciplined. Not your fucking problem if they face actual consequences for their actions.
I get it champ I do. Post ironic meme face saving is hip and can help soothe the humiliation but you don't have to be so angry. You can still bow out and endure the one moment of total submission. You'll feel SO much better.
one less champ than the previous post. i am not impressed
Rip champ
Listen bud, you gotta look your bully in the face and give a firm handshake.
For real though, two parent house hold?
It's just one guy, champ.
I get it champ I do. I know altered mimicry (champ to bud) can help save face and stave off the bitter feeling of humiliation. I knooow I know but you'll be alright if you bow out. You'll feel so much better right away.
Two parents bud?
spoken like someone raised by a single mother
I know champ, I know. It hurst SO much I get it I do. You feel angry, humiliated, enraged. I know, it hurts champ but you can't save face that way. You'll feel so much better when you submit.
Bruh u acting like a bitch. Take your dads cock out ur ass and talk back to ur manlet bully instead of arguing with faceless strangers on the internet
I knoooow champ I get it believe me I do. I get it SO much. I know the humiliation you're feeling is feeding your rage but you'll feel SO much better when you bow out. I promise. I promise so much champ.
I'm not your bud champ.
I cant submit to an inferior. I want to lift you up bud. Come get high with me.
I know champ that anger from the humiliation you're feeling can escalate so hard. I get it, I SO get it. I know, champ. I get it so much, I really do. But you won't save face that way, being so angry and enraged. When you submissively bow out you'll feel SO much better.
Listen bud, your gonna have to champ it up, you've never been champed' so you won't get it.
I know champ I knooow. I know that about turning is a common face saving technique when you feel humiliated. I knoooow champ, I know so much I really do. But you'll feel so much better, SO much, when you bow out and submit.
Who tf let chatgpt loose lmao
Listen carefully bud, I took the basic course on champin back when you were buddin around , I catch you buddin anybody else round these parts and we're gonna have a problem champ.
That's champGPT
I get it champ I really do. I know, trust me I know. I really do know. So much. I get it SO much, champ. But you can't save face that way, you'll feel better instantly when you rip the bandaid off with a moment of total submission by bowing out.
what a great thread this turned out to be. you're welcome, r9k. :^)
Lmao ok champ
Listen bud, I was scrampin' the champ' champaign campaign just to bite a bit of the bud cud roiling back up. I failed the 4 stomach course.
I'm glad you bowed out champ, by not replying and engaging with me in earnest you submitted in a moment of total submission and now you can play with your friends in the thread. see how easy that was champ. by submitting to me by not directly replying to me anymore you feel SO much better already.
Maybe the real champ was the friends we made along the way bud ?
Honestly start swinging on him. No other way to deal with faggots like that
You're not champ anymore, you're subchamp now. For your total sexual submission to me. Now starts your new role as cumhole subchamp.
Two parents? Must know plox.
I'm sorry subchamp you bowed out already. The timer hit 0 subchamp, now its a thread about your sexual submission from lack of rapid reply.
Sounds like bullshit honestly, ur in college still getting bullied? Kek
I didn't not hear no bell
I know subchamp, I know. Where do you normally take the cum loads subchamp? Mouth pussy or anus?
Failed basic cumdumpster course
You should take it easy with the champposting bud , it seems to have started acting as an outlet for your deep rooted gay sex fantasies
I get it subchamp I really do. I know, I knooow. But when you take the cum you'll feel so much better.
I know, I knooow subchamp. You don't want to be subchamp but you submitted when you paused your rage posting to try to calm down. I get it subchamp I really do. I get it SO much. But where do you want the cum subby subchamp?
But what if my bully calls me a cum bum?
I knoow subchamp I know SO much. I get it. I get it SO much subchamp. I really do. So so much. But where do you normally take the cum subchamp? Don't be shy.
I win one national submarine race and I'm branded for life
I get it subchmp, I get it SO much. I really do. I know, I knooow. But when you take the cum you'll feel so much better.
Can we really have a subchamp without U?
I get it subchamp I really do. I know, I knooow. I know SO much. I get it. I get it SO much subchamp. I really do. So so much. But when you take the cum you'll feel so much better.
Total domination and humiliation of seething sbumissive subchamps for their disingenuous nonactionable advice. Simple as. All posting after this by subchamps is ineffectual. /thread
Lol but anyway. Are you going to confront your bully? 
Get vaxxed bud?
Guess I'm finslly the champ
five little chumpies jumping on the bed , 
One fell off and hit his head 
Mommy called the doctor and the doctor said 
NO NORE BUDDIES JUMPING ON THE BED!
that's in your head, and just symptoms of the fact you're taking it too seriously. why don't you do it to him first. for example "i'm posting everything you say to 4chan you faggot how do you like that. called you a nigger too"
Like everything in life. OP has mania and depression. The manic episode is done so now he will lurk in a depressive state for a while.
His bully is currently studying for the hand washing exam.
lol at everybody telling him to chimp out like a giant autistic toddler and throw punches over some mean words
He is a quitter. Sadly.
Op here unironically again,
this thread made me feel like there are perhaps more retarded people than me after all and thus I feel a bit better.
you should proud of yourselves champs.
The ultimate submission. Hahaha. Sadly you always let your bully get the last word.
Oh god you really had to come back
Op is just a chump faggot, jealous of the sigma champ bully who bullies him for being an unwashed aids faggot
OP seems eternal gentleman mode trapped in his inner monologs. 
Two parent household, probably spoiled and told he was special.
I wish he revealed more but sadly doesn't want help, just conflict.
I have had sex with seven women
you are not a psychologist champ and will never be one
The only thing you can do about this sly bullying is to become confident. You see confident men all day every day anon that you can tell right away they aren't to be fucked with.
I don't even know. I feel like there's no great way to respond to such obnoxious behavior if everyone else has already decided it's funny. You have to take the low road somehow, which is unfortunate because you're in uni so everyone is itching to punish you and side with the bully to show you that it "wasn't that serious."
Yet you keep returning. You are duplicitous and everyone can tell. 
Confront him. The first time you see him. Private or public. It's your life.
Of course I keep returning, it's my thread bitch.
Your so pathetic. It's nearly criminal. Ask your dad for advice 
You dropped the mic then scramble back in stage to breath more. No wonder you get bullied. Easy mark
Dropped the mic
Your attempts at reading my behaviour are going terribly anon , I don't need to drop the mic nor do I feel the need to le own you but if I did
I'd point out you need basic spelling courses champ.
Now run along to watch Andrew Tate sigma male compilations
Eternal gentleman reveals himself. 
Will you confront him or not?
Just like class. You hit your limit and shut down. Is it lonely in your head space?
It's like catnip to a bully. Little Spergy
This is what happens. You sperg out and don't realize they are still making fun of you. Your bully probably has started conversations with women about you and how retarded you are. 
They won't stop. You will never confront you. It's not of your nature.
You've grown too fond of the halfling's leaf
Goldberry is waiting for me
Probably already said but the only way to do it is banter back in ways that are similar. Veiled jabs, etc.
Easier said than done and you can't go as hard because people aren't on your side already.
Maybe look up videos or something on how to bantz back against bullies. Most are probably shit and you'll probably make mistakes at first but I can't really think of anything else.
You don't want to play these games, I know. But you're already being forced to play. Might as well get good at them.
This is pretty brutal Blackpill. You honestly cant lash Out, you Will Be completely outcasted. I dno, IT seems like you just Have to keep taking it in The ass
