I will never be a woman!
Fine.
Dats right bo'h. You gon' make a mighty fine girl. I ain't ever broke a buck that wasn't a nigra but I'll make an exception for you sho nuff'
can I bang you once you're a tranny
Janky you fucking degen YWNBAW
I'm asexual.
I know. I put it in the OP.
based and trannerpilled
You can have sex without being attracted to someone. Boomers who have lost the spice in their marriage do it all the time.
They arent gonna fuck you, mtfs have just as high standards as cis women.
Why is it based? I'm a tranny and will 41% soon
Good girl, anon. You're finally free.
That might true for a minority of high end trannies but for most of them if you look normal and put in the slightest amount of effort you'll be able to get one as your gf.
They have options and aren't 0 standards, but also they're trannies and the majority of people who want to date or fuck them are abhorrent and easy to mog.
This just isnt true, go look on /lgbt/ how often they brag about draining money from orbiters. Stop perpetuating that myth. If you can fuck mtfs you could already fuck cis women.
One hour estrogen update
Feeling very positive. It's probably a placebo but I'm not dead like I was these past few months
I'm also a tranny but I'm not gonna rope. I feel much better than the failed male I was previously.
here's a ratio test for you
does the number of troon suicides converge or diverge?
A lot of that is just a reaction to people wrongly thinking any guy can offer to date a tranny and she'll jump for the opportunity like she's desperate and has no other takers.
The truth's more that they have standards but those standards are usually clearable if you're not severely defective in some way and aren't asking to suck their dicks or trying to hide being with them in public.
Also though you could get regular non-trans girls too by being normal, lowering your standards, and hitting up many different girls, same idea as with applying for jobs.
ya know I'm thinking these trans people are pretty based
I literally have had several cis gfs but every tranny I tried to interact with treated me horribly and rejected me emphatically. I treated both groups the same in my advances.
There are much less trans women than cis women, and there are huge amounts of chasers for each mtf. stop perpetuating this lie
Not my problem chud! Anything greater than 1 is a net positive for us
Weid. I also had cis gfs but found it pretty easy to get trannies into me. What did you say to them and what app or site did you use to meet them through?
? You are just a mtf trying to get money from chasers. There are tons of threads on lgbt about that, if you were really so easy how could most of you easily get someone to give you that much money out of desperation? Snakes.
I dont have screenshots of the conversations. I used various dating apps, 4chan, discord, etc. I am just repulsive to trans women for some reason.
mad af not even traps want ur ass lmao
Made me kek. Hopefully it converges
Shitskin moment
Ugly moment, meanwhile us trans are becoming more desired than cissies. Rent free :3
I am literally on hrt, lmao.
Why are you chasing other mtfs then or are you another anonette?
I wasnt on hrt when I tried to interact with them. Doesnt change they have been shitty to me.
oh i see sorry i was confused, what are you looking for now then? :3
Now it makes sense.
They could probably sense you were a repressing tranny.
Thats so disgusting you instantly changed how you were interacting with me based off of that hahahaha how shallow can you be
what do you mean? im just asking what you're looking for
Based, honestly. You're braver than me and I wish you the very best of luck.
Ah so you admit now I didnt have to treat them like shit or be subhuman for them to avoid me.
My ideal person. They dont exist though I am probably just going to drown myself this summer at some point.
I would kind of put being a repressing tranny in the category of major defect from a lot of straight / male attracted trannies' perspectives.
Most trannies are not straight anyways, another point against them being easy. 99% of the ones I see are lesbians or transbians
based and silent hill 2 ending pilled!
What about you, what are you looking for. Besides whatever is in that cup
I'm shocked that anyone cares enough to ask but thank you anon, I'm just looking for someone who I can have a real connection with. I've had lots of friends over the years and the relationships they have with SO's is nothing like the relationship between friends. I'd like to experience that at least once but I don't think I will so probably killing myself as well
What defines a real connection for you and what are your standards.
If it makes you feel any better, I'm married and seriously considering killing myself.
You could just get a divorce instead.
yikes boomer trooning out on his wife ngmi
Someone I can talk to about anything, we have hobbies (don't need to be the same) and someone who id enjoy spending time with.
I don't really have any beyond not being a fat slob
Brutal, why are you feeling this way?
Why do you care about hobbies. I dont have any so that would disqualify me anyways. 
I am sure you have more standards than that, what if they were a burn victim.
Everyone hates something about their body, identity and being, trooning out will not cure your depression, it can only increase it unless you live the rest of your life in some affirmative psych ward. Learn to live with the pain of being a loser like the rest of us and find some hobby and community to keep yourself distracted.
I don't but it would be nice to have someone who's interested in something similar to me or has something interesting like warhammer figures
Depends on how badly disfigured and if it happened before or after I know them. I can't list stuff that effects > 1% of the population
eh, I am too anhedonic to have any hobbies. I can develop some but I never enjoy doing them I just sort of robotically do them.
I only play vidya and do cardio, I don't really have any either.. I feel like a blank slate
Thanks, but I've derailed this thread enough as it is.
I used to play a lot of games I dont anymore. I may start running again it supposedly improves hrt results
yesss its very beneficial! i wfh so i need it, anyway i gotta sleep goodnight anon if you want to talk more maybe drop a discord and ill see it when i wake up :3
lucid#0837
tyvmm! ill add you in the morning..
alrighty.
Dont know when I will wake up though.
YOUWILLNEVERBEAWOMANYOUWILLNEVERBEAWOANYOUWILLNEVERBEAWOMAN
