Why do people keep stating rapists commit rape out of wanting to take other people's sexual autonomy and control from them or some shit? I personally know convicted rapists, and they all say they were just horny and wanted to get laid. That's their motive. They couldn't resist and lost self-control because they couldn't have sex otherwise.
i may be a little dead inside after what happened a few times
because people have to come up with fucking stupid explanations for everything
just horny and wanted to get laid
I wonder if you'd be do lenient about rapists if one of them raped you "just" because he couldn't resist, lost his self control and couldn't have sex otherwise
You wouldn't blame them, would you?
Its like stealing. Some people do it because they wanted something. Some people do it because its thrilling and they like taking advantage of someone else. 
If they were really just horny they could just watch porn or pay for a hooker. 
But for most rapists its being able to scare and overpower someone thats innately arousing and tied with their sexuality. Normal sex just wont cut it for them. 
Same reason people commit murder. Some people murder someone because they hate them. Some people murder because its a thrill kill. For some people, its both.
I don't understand how someone gets to this point. When I'm fiendishly horny, past the point of masterbation, I just like go to sleep. A nut really isn't worth ruining my life over.
If they were really just horny they could just watch porn or pay for a hooker.
not the same as the rough kinky sex they got otherwise.
Because acknowledging that makes rapists more sympathetic. Like a starving thief who stole out of need and necessity to quench their hunger.
It's smart people trying to assume the motives of incredibly stupid people, and overcompensating. Oh rape is about power dynamics is it? No.
uga buga me like vagina
there woman
have vagina
me put penis in vagina
It's that simple 99% of the time.
Horny doesnt make you force someone into sex. Horny might make you date rape a drunk friend, but it wont make you violently attack a woman in a non sexual situation and try to have sex. Rape is always just about control and trying to own somebody.
Pay a hooker
Yeah, not everyone has $300 laying around 
Masturbation the same as sex
Lol, really?
The fucked up part is we all have to suffer for the few bad people. I hate people nowadays and I still can't imagine doing something to hurt another person like that unless I'm going to commit to blowing my brains out in the end.
Yeah, I hate how people try to over analyze everything, why can't a story be just that, a story 
I don't give a shit if the author has "hidden" meaning to it's book, it's a fucking gkd damn story and theirs no need to analyze it
Uga buga argument doesnt work because instincts tell you to not harm innocent women and human sexuality emerges from intimacy, not assault lol
Doing it because you just want to get laid is lame.
Doing it because you're a cruel predator who gets off on controlling women is hot. 
I'd rather imagine it's the latter.
Masturbation feels better than sex, especially if youre on meth
That would mean admitting to the entire world that rape just works. It's a nonstarter, just let it go.
because most women have had sex despite not wanting to with some fish eyed sociopath. they gave consent anyway not wanting to risk full blown rape. the punchline is that if she refused and risked conflict he'd most likely back off and be a whiny little bitch about it. only complete cavemen retards continue after that point and those are the idiots in prison along with the frat boys who weren't cool enough to get away with date rape and the occasional sicko who was so abused by his mom that he hatefucks women. thing is these guys are piss easy to spot if you're not a fucking retard.
Because for some reason some people think everything is abstract, and there must be a social construct that explains why people do antisocial things, when it's really just purely physical urges.
its like saying the guy who broke into my house and ran off with my TV had an obsession with intruding on peoples boundaries and feels an urge to cause me to sit undistracted thinking about how unsafe my own home is.
nah, dumbass was high on drugs and stole the first thing he saw that could hold value hoping to get a fix.
Because if they admit that apathy is a massive reason for most of the fucked up shit in society, they'll have to admit that mommy and daddy didn't care. By inventing and projecting a non-existent air of complicated and sophisticated sounding bullshit, they never have to deal with reality.
Its just like how white men are unable to admit that they have life on easy mode
