I've lost a lot of weight recently, and this is the first time in my entire life where when I look in the mirror it's not a humbling experience nor am I saddened nor am I disgusted. This is the first time in my life where when I look in the mirror I actually like my reflection. I don't look horrible in pictures...I like how I look. It's a crazy feeling kinda like I'm in a new body. moral of the story...loose weight fatcels and see the beauty that lies underneath.
congrats anon, I am truly happy for you
be me 4 years ago in high school
 be a complete fat ugly shit
 be friends with a stacylite 
 ask Stacylite out...rejects me
she's nervous but I am the only guy she gives any attention to
 ask her out again, she says yes
 have a beautiful romantic loving relationship 
 only real time I've ever been shown love without the caveat of abuse (very physically abusive lower-class household)
 she really and truly loved me for the fat shit I was. There's no doubt in my brain she would have died for me.
only person I've ever truly trusted with my life too.
 over the next few years she grows into a absolute undeniable objective 10/10 (scouted by a modeling company and started doing part time with them while in school)
be me 1.5 years ago 
 break up with her because I was jealous of the people in college having casual sex. It felt depressing that I would spend the rest of my life only experiencing one girl. I was lustful and stupid.
she stays in contact with me, never even giving the time of day to another man
 asking to get back together for over a year. crying about us being broken up. I say no everytime. Still loves me, reassures me, listens to me.
 Still an ugly fat shit...initial success with my ex gave me false hope that other girls would be the same. It wasn't . only after interacting with the world have I realized how rare a person like her was.
 after begging for a year, she goes no contact and blocks me, moving on with her life.
 FF 5 months to two weeks ago. 
 I realize my mistake. How I hurt her, and how I threw away the most special unique person, who accepted a fat shit like me and loved me with her whole heart unconditionally. All she wanted and needed was me to be with her. All I wanted was lustful fun. 
cry uncontrollably for 2 days straight. (first time in my life shedding more than a tear...I didn't even cry when I was stabbed)
 be in a zombie like state ever since.
tl;dr: I deserve rope...
don't feel bad anon, you were just delusional and made a mistake, it could happen to anyone
whoops meant to make a new thread..can't delete so it'll just stay sorry op.
You broke that girl's heart just to try out some different pussy. You're walking proof that men are incapable of real love and I hope you never have another loving relationship again
I've only ever swore upon god twice in my life before yesterday. I've kept both swears with the entirety of my will, heart, and being behind them. Yesterday I swore I would never be in a relationship again. you don't have to hope OP, I'll make sure of it. It will be the price for my actions.
congratulations, broski! it feels great, doesnt it? i also lost of a ton of weight recently. im still skinnyfat, but i still love lifting my shirt and just looking at my flat chest and tummy. the next step is to get fit. started jogging recently. cant wait till everything starts looking tighter. good luck, man! keep it up!
Good shit, just remember though that women only want fit chad though.
Besides from that enjoy you new body
congrats. im not fat but i have other issues. hope i get them resolved like you did
