It's fuarking over for feetcel if you're anywhere below size 11 then it's over you should jill yourself
6'3
11.5
7.5x6 Uncut
Unvaxxed
Untested
Hazel eyes
Underemployed
mogsme i am op let me give my measurements
5'11
10.5
7.7*6 uncut BP 7 inch NBP atm cause i am fat as fuck not as fat as 4 months ago but still fat
GIGAvaxxed
GREEN GOOSE SHIT COLORED EYES
UNEMPLOYED
3/10 face SD = 1
Why did you get vaxxed? I'm sorry man.
i was told to vaxxmaxx by lookslmax.org
no jk idk why not?
Wtf
What compelled you? It wasn't door to door.
gigamogger i wish i was you feet size and face are everything
188cm.
45/46 size shoes.
18cm pingas (cut).
Unvaxxed.
Lightbrown eyes.
NEET.
why do you care so much man
Relevant to my interests. What got you to do it? One dose?
There are some vaxx obsessed autists on here. Never mention it. It was terrible enough during quarantine times.
Here are my ugly as fuck toes hehe. Yes I'm a brown skin smelly
Most interesting thing to happen in my life and now it's gone ;w;
Vaxxy observing is my hobby now.
Please don't post Brazil nuts in this thread.
Oh god that's disgusting. Why is it brown?
you'r special autisitc interest i got 3 doses iirc
mogsme because not white also looks way bigger than my feet but idk i have manlet proportions all over my body for some reasons
Three doses is pretty wild. Did you get an endorphins rush each time? Felt like a ritual?
We're you praised when you got it?
Any boosters?
Yeah, worse thing is I stand on my feet all day at work so that's why they look so flat kek.
i felt like shit
Buy better shoes. I do 16 hrs on my feet. Have you tried killing yourself for being a nigger?
Each time? What got you in the first place?
if you don't have the vaxx pass there's tons of stuff you can't do
I tried doing it via toaster bath but I got my toaster stuck in the celling.
im an ugly autist tho so its not gonna help me
Still giga mogs me cause i am both ugly a'd i have small feet
Did you do any of that stuff after you got vaxxed?
Oh god do you have halitosis too? It is like 4/6 niggs
Halitosis? Nahhhh, I brush my teeth daily bro.
Ewwww. Have you tried just not being a nigger anymore?
And I'm not a nigger, idk why you keep saying that. I am a spic though.
still not making it so far
The niggardly nigger is nigging up my foot fetish thread
God dammit! I'll have you hanged for this!!
If the penalty for a crime is a fine. Its only a law for the poor.
it's not your thread it's mine and it's not some foot fetish thread it's a blackpill thread about how women love men with BIG feet
Women want a man with the same shoe size as her so you can share shit.
It's my thread now. I'm Uncut
well why do women make fun of my feet being too small then when it's still bigger than the vast majority of women
