Ask my gf anything you like r9k
What do I need to do to get a gf
Why aren't you in the kitchen?
Either be handsome or have no inhibition to approach hundreds of girls per day
Why are there so many niggers with teenage White girls?
Im done cooking for today
No clue. Not american. Probably because of the culture, media, music, rap
Ask her if you clean your own ass properly.
How many penises does she have, and does she take it in the ass?
Not as properly as i do but good enough
0, yes i do but that frequent
Is it possible to ascend form inceldom?
Prove it, on both counts.
Why will you never be a woman? Originally
how to get bf
We never recorded anal, i feel uncomfortable recording it but here is some regular stuff you may like
What if I'm ugly, short and don't understand social cues?
Sigh.. You're a lucky guy.
Aros is that you?
Low chances then, you need to work on yourself
Thanks anon
Who is aros?
Well, how did you meet your gf?
At the gym, first being gym buddies then asked her out
Got any more videos?
Sure, you like them?
That one was quite similar
Oh crap you delivered. Yeah, that's a nice ass and view. What's her ethnicity?
Thanks, she is east asian
Can she blow soap bubbles using her farts?
Never tried it, probably not
does a 164cm tall ugly friendless autist have a chance
If you like asian girls, consider moving to asia. Probably better chances with that height
Hnnnnnnng nice slut
rope anon
Hope you get cancer and die really painfully
Having a bad day mate?
Why do you need a man? Is a relationship not taxxing?
Relationship always requires work but i dont like being alone, sharing your life with someone is a better life
Get cancer and die painfully you spastic faggot
ignore the incel seethe op
You too, fuck off.
Watch your blood pressure please
Get cancer asap please
you are the one who needs to fuck off the thread but you know what keep going bumping it up for up, imbecile brainlet
Nah you should fuck off you evil normalnigger
meds asap lmfao
Does she shave her pussy?
Sometimes yes, sometimes i let it grow
Does you have a pic of her spreading her ass ?
Thats a pretty ass.
Anyway my question; does your bf satisfy you sexually, is there any sexual act you'd like to try but he hasn't felt confortable with?
Being alone does feel sad but then I get to do more shitposting and math. Sadly, i am also in a relationship with an asian girl. Do you sleep better alone or together? I get no sleep when we sleep togethrr
Nope. We pretty much are satisfied. Did my first time anal with him. Im not a big fan but dont mind it either. We are pretty vanilla overall, minus the exhibitionism
Definitely together, i usually sleep on average 3h longer if im with him
And thanks btw
Get cancer you fucking faggot and die
How tall is your boyfriend, is he neurotypical, how strong is his jawline, and what is is race?
Wanna tag team, bro?
183, probably not imo, pretty good jawline, white
Top ass mate but we gotta pass, as we said we pretty vanilla
HA like pottery, willing to bet you two either met on Tinder or in college
Here we met
Any advice for a guy with these stats?:
Move to a 3rd world country and workout
Dumb hole advice
Does she shave or epilate her legs?
Why did my coworker "accidentally" rub her tits into me when she walked by me at work the other day? This happened twice
