The movie Drive shows up on my recommendations.
Had never seen it, so decide to watch it.
Holy Fuck. Realize I can probably be just as cool as the Driver.
All I need to do is practice pausing before speaking.
Only other thing I need is a scorpion jacket.
Already have the awkward silence thing down.
Decide to make some modifications to my Celica while waiting for my jacket.
Rip out the interior carpet and paneling so it has that "stunt car" feel to it.
The floor panel near my feet is completely rusted through.
Jacket finally comes in the mail. I am ready.
About to get in my car when I notice the driver's side window was busted.
I hate California. I don't keep anything valuable in my car for this very reason.
Start driving to the college bar down the road. Getting in the zone and driving a little faster than normal.
Hit a massive pot hole at a high rate of speed. It tore off the plastic undercarriage cover, which is now dragging on the ground. I wish this state would fix its goddamn roads. I can now see the pavement through the hole in the floor.
Realize I forgot my toothpicks, so stop at gas station. Decide to also get quick car wash. Want to show up looking nice.
Drive into the automated car wash. I try to roll up my window, forgetting that it was broken.
Too late. Got covered in foam, but the air dryers blew most of it off of me.
Finally pull up to the bar. People looking at me strange because of the loud scraping noise from my car.
I can just tell them it's one of my stunt cars, but nobody asks.
Get in and order a beer and stand alone for about 45 minutes. Nobody talks to me.
I don't understand why this is not working. I spent days planning out this new look, even modifying my car, and not a single damn lady will say hi.
Decide tonight's not my night, so I leave the bar and drive home.
On the way home hit a massive puddle and get splashed in the face through the hole in the floor. Almost swallow my toothpick.
to fully become driver you have to drive a 1973 Chevrolet Malibu, otherwise it doesn't work. If you had the right car, they would have talked to you for sure
include me in the screencap r/greentext fags
Oh yeah, theres this fucking YouTuber who takes these posts and puts an AI voice on it. I bet he will use this post
theres this fucking YouTuber who takes these posts and puts an AI voice on it.
brother, there's like thousands of them
be me
autistic neet
watch Drive starring Literally me
buy a centipede jacket
use tooth pick all the time
never smile and never talk first
qt at work takes notice
invites me out 
the movie didn't cover this
she shows up in a nice dress
I'm still wearing the crustacean jacket
fuck
waiter comes and takes our order
she's having a salat and chicken
I drive
waiter looks at me confused
excuse myself and get up
trip and fall down on the floor
phone falls out and the headphones disconnect
A real Hero is blaring through the restaurant
date avoids looking at me and leaves
drive home and masturbate to 2Dyourerealforme waifus
