u just know all these hoes will never work a day in their life
just settle for a rich man just before she starts ageing too bad after being a whore from 16 to 26
honestly i would be a liar if i said im not a bit jelaous of just being born into literally never working a day in your life as a fact from birth purely on genetics
This man is going to have tons of black grand babies
mutts law
everything is about black on white, nigger bbc and cuckoldry
my life is fine, i dont need lots of money or a big house, or children of my own. a gun would be nice, but i cant afford one. i just wish he gave us the option to leave, instead of only torturing us.
That's an anomaly in america. It's a rare gem made of pure carbon.
It probably won't last long.
Wtf pol lied to me
They look way too close in age.
They all look the same age. Bizarre.
2 of them are twins.
I honest don't know how a Man can do this. How can you live under a house with that much pussy and not even be remotely turned on 100% of the time. Imagine all the conversations going
I could not fucking do it.
They are all bleached you midwit
more like blacked
mutts law meme
It's been a long time since I read a thread on /r9k/ you really are worthless faggots.
You can go now. Inb4 "NO! Im staying teehee"
They list influencer on their curriculum vitae, don't they?
if those were my daughters i wouldnt be able to restrain myself
this is the reason you have no daughters
hnnghhhh ghnnnn
idk why dads want a son when they most likely wont give a fuck about said son anyway. like supporting 6 kids wont be a 24/7 job
Faggot spotted.
Jewish comment spotted
what? i know plenty dads with sons, go ask them what their relationship with their father is and its always most likely shit or distant. fathers work all day long and do nothing else, they dont discipline their kids they dont educate theyre never emotionally available, forget that. they always come home stressed and get mad at the son, never involved in their education or hobbies etc etc etc.
idk what you mean jewish. im not saying dont have sons but why the fuck do you abandon the guy emotionally?
Like pottery.
That's why 95% of naturals with women grew up with sisters and their friends. You realize the utter retardation in a way that incels who only see them from a distance at school never learn. You develop complete contempt and don't hide it, which turns them on. Yes, you want to fuck them but that's it and they know it.
i grew up with only my mother my aunt and my grandma and i fucking despise women
have you ever smelled a fart nigga, that shit is not erotic. all this shit youre talking about is in your head, and im a wizard
Well thats stupid. However you are correct. I knew this guy once in the Navy who I was certain was a prag but then we went to the gulf and 6 girls showed up to see him off. They were his sisters. All 10/10s, dressed like whores. He got so much pussy and was so confident.
THAT WAS MY POINT. Imagine having to live in amongst a female dominated space where they dont bother keeping up their veil. Throw in angsty teen hormones and drama.
if those were my daughters id be the youngest grandpa ever
