So, let me get this straight, they
will never love you (even chad isn't loved, because their unimpressive brain shutting off from getting wet isn't love)
have no concept of loyalty.
have no common interests with you
will drop you at any moment, especially if you are in a tough spot
always take everything for granted 
But people still go 
"tfw no gf"
WHY? Are you people insane?
Women aren't like your waifu, they will never be a friend and companion, a light in your life, no.
They are a parasitic burden forced upon men by countless psy ops, self delusion and maddening horniness.
C'mon, be above it, the idea of happy relationship is a fairy tale, so better just continue to enjoy ecapist tales, 
and jerk off every once in a while.
If you aren't a normalfaggot you aren't missing out on anything
Don't buy into psyops lads. be happy.
People are insane. They'r so controlled by their emotions and genitals that all logic goes out the window.
But self reflection is possible, at least for some
Have you tried being gay? That is my last option I am trying, mtfs are just as bad as women if not worse.
Yep "some"
re: very few
I'm gonna hermit/monk maxx and the rest of the world and bs can fuck off.
I do not think a faggot is a great improvement over a woman, they are unwell in the head in more than just one way
Even fogetthing about how disgusting the idea is in the first place
Eh. I assume they are, but gotta try you know. Already tried women more than enough and mtfs are like all the worst parts of women bundled together.
Look they are nasty faggots with HIV and prolapsed anuses who can't even hold farts in their asses anymore 
Being a fag sounds comforting to just live with your bro and play video games and watch anime and go gym together until you realize how disgusting fags are, you will never find a bf with the same philosophy as you, they are just fags while we are just lonely men who hate women
I dont care about sex at all really I just want to be understood and to understand the person. I dont care about playing. games together or any of that shit either.
wait, wait, you were talking not about just faggots but about trannies? 
what the fuck is wrong with you?
I said I dont like mtfs, lol.
why would you even bring them up?
Take the dollpill or something bro (they are too expensive in my country and I live with my parents currently but if I lived alone I probably would've bought one already, maybe in a few years the doll/robot business will be more developed perhaps)
oh my god bro shut the fuck up about trannies just sperging mindlessly if they are mentioned in passing.
But they cant understand me or talk to me, almost all of my romantic attention involves just talking.
What's the point of relationships with women?
You can fuck animals if you want furfag
Finally, a good thread on this shit board for once. Get ready for a whole bunch of normalfags seething because you dared to speak the truth.
Can't talk to them, relationships are about talking
Just be the one who talks, they don't have to talk back, you can just act like they say things and you reply
But I need them to listen and talk back to me. The person I liked the most in my life was just the best at listening.
Why would you ever want to listen to a woman talk
will never love you (even chad isn't loved, because their unimpressive brain shutting off from getting wet isn't love)
have no concept of loyalty.
have no common interests with you
will drop you at any moment, especially if you are in a tough spot
always take everything for granted
only if you are a loser
lol you are so far gone its too late for you
WHY? Are you people insane?
Women aren't like your waifu, they will never be a friend and companion, a light in your life, no.
they will be, if you are attractive enough
They are a parasitic burden forced upon men by countless psy ops, self delusion and maddening horniness.
women are a psy op
C'mon, be above it, the idea of happy relationship is a fairy tale, so better just continue to enjoy ecapist tales,
and jerk off every once in a while.
If you aren't a normalfaggot you aren't missing out on anything
cope
Don't buy into psyops lads. be happy.
lol you are such a gigantic faggot i cant even comprehend it. my advice for you is - keep sitting on your ass and keep being a fucking useless loser while other men fuck your looksmatch and enjoy women instead of you.
you are doing a favor to the gene pool
Ego trippingv
Unironically they're even less loyal than a woman, even the most blown out roastie has 1/10 the body count of the average fruitcake
It's nice having a hot girl to fuck whenever you feel like it(having a chill weekend? add sex. relaxing after work? add sex. going on a travel? add sex throughout. etc.)
Also normieworld social capital
Also children
Men will go to war and die for ideals. We all simply want the platonic ideal of being loved, no matter how difficult that is to attain in modern society.
Looks like you are the one coping here, considering how butthurt you sound despite me just telling you to relax and chill.
I know, but as i said, you won't find this love with women
The gays cant stop winning
This but for men. Men are the worst possible part of our society.
I have no clue but I look for women if I don't have one- consider it human biology
In which case, I would rather have the sex and the status symbol than a fucking tinder account.
considering how butthurt you sound despite me just telling you to relax and chill.
not really i just copied and pasted your post and called you a faggot for being such a pussy
bumping nice thread
ori ori
They'r so controlled by their emotions
And what exactly does this mean?
Lol. Keep your head shoved deep up your ass pal
