Shit's beyond fucked.
And people wonder why men rape girls. Imagine being an incel and seeing girls do this with chad
What kind of drugs is she on?
If you get all your relationship info from this place, you're fucked...just not in the literal sense.
innocent wholesome looking girls
meme
in my experience it's the most angel-faced qts that are the meanest and make fun of small dicks etc
Might be MDMA? But "pupils are dilated and eyes are focusing a bit wonky" would be almost anything, really.
sucking ugly small cut dick
why?? it's like the worst of all worlds
Turns out how a girl looks doesn't actually mean much, incel.
It's extremely cringy and superficial to think "girl who doesn't have a resting bitch face and doesn't look like a turbo stacy" = "innocent". It's like guys posting girls with glasses in porn and pretending that means all nerdy girls are sluts lol.
What exactly is an "innocent and wholesome" girl supposed to look like, anon?
I knew a girl that had basically all the "innocent princess" traits. Short, skinny, long wavy light brown/dark blonde hair, small upturned nose, delicate features, green eyes, pale smooth skin etc. She was the most belligerent, trouble-making gigakaren you could possibly imagine.
an innocent wholesome looking girl will never make fun of your small dick
Why live?
"Oh my God...you're telling me attractive girls get fucked? Holy shit it's over!"
I would settle for just about any kind of biological female into SPH.
It doesn't really do much for women
I mean would you be into humiliating a girl for having small tits? I feel like it would just be mean
cute girls still want to get fucked and blow chad
why is this surprising to you op
Yes, it would be fun if she was into it and got both embarrassed and horny by being compared to Stacy's massive honkers.
The world lies to you and says ugly and modest girls don't have sex only bimbos and skanky women do. Instead of all females are having sex the second they learn what it is.
Thats why when you see something like that video your brainwashing tells you she hasnt had sex because shes plain and youthful. 
OP doesn't know that hes been lied to, dont be so hars on him, hes a victim.
retard insect moron turdwhore toilet water vomitous verminous leaking blistering herpes sore fecal smear.
It doesn't really do much for women
Then why do they do it? It took years to train my brain to get off on it.
dont engage with dishonest sluts and whore retards, faggot.
Women will laugh at a small penis until you want it to happen consensually and then they lose interest.
I personally like it, very cute girl and very nice load. I like how perfectly it fills her tongue. Honestly I always wanted to fuck a freshly cummed hole, I might even feel compelled to kiss her.
It's almost like don't judge a book by its cover.
No guys, you're not actually in love with that cute looking chick you've seen a couple of pictures of and nothing else. You have no idea what that love stuff is. Sorry, right?
Women are notoriously bad at judging dick size. Good sex is about much more than just insert and rail that shit. Astonishingly, most people do actually not know that.
What exactly is an "innocent and wholesome" girl supposed to look like, anon?
Like Anne Frank
if anything uglier girls have more sex than pretty ones because any man will want them since its free easy pussy
Based on your rich experience with females
....right?
yes retard, that cute little fuzzy lovely lady:3 you keep crushing on has gotten her asshole pumped with cum in the back of a 2009 chevy; not a chad by any strech but it was really funny how the innocent girls in HS/uni acted like your average hoe with me and my friends back in the day meanwhile you had the cuck betas the next day breaking their spine in half while playing the "nice guy" just for a hug from their wholesome queen, I'm a shut in loser now so whatever
It seems kinda redundant to point out that you're a useless mentally ill loser.
innocent wholesome looking girl
there is no such thing. all girls are whores and will spread their legs if you tell them to
all girls are whores and will spread their legs if you tell them to
Tell me about how well that works out for the guys around here. Do go ahead please.
useless mentally ill loser.
yup however not a truecel or virgin
for chad sure, for 95% of the rest? no, but you know that already anon stop being a retard
Seems based to me.
Chad gets his cock sucked and balls drained
records the video
incels who would never have sex can watch the video and live vicariously through Chad
What's the problem?
Literally everyone but you is having sex anon, there's something irreparably broken within you and within many people on this board. The plain janes are fuckin the normie brads, Chad and Stacey get together, the answer is femcels and incels getting together but you both hate each other.
you don't need to be a chad, you just need to not be a mentally retarded 4chan dweller. you can get a gf without being gigachad, and literally any girl you find will suck your cock and let you cum on her face whenever you want unless you manage to find yourself a traumatised rape victim
6/10 white girls are INNOCENT ANGELS
Lmao you people are so sad
Porn is Real Life the Internet show the Reality of the World and the Reality of Women
you don't need to be a chad, you just need to not be a mentally retarded 4chan dweller
If it were that easy I would never have found 4chan. I only started posting on here after having graduated college a KHV.
get yourself out there? there's plenty of ugly couples having sex all the time
wtf that looks like cheese pizza
I did anon but it took a few years, a lot of ghosting, flaking, and rejection. I'm not sure if it was worth the effort considering I've only had sex a dozen times.
I've only had sex a dozen times
Just to clarify those were all with the same girl.
His story is fake
looks like a girl sucking a dick to me
no you retard, 60% of young men are incels. all women are fucking the tall handsome men as per all evidence that exists. simple as.
who cares about couples you dishonest retard the measure of whether or not sex is worth it is if you're both under 21 and you're one of the first she wants to fuck and its casual. Simple as.
