Fembots, what would you do if you found out your bf was posting pictures of himself crossdressing on the internet?
I am wondering how fembots would react to this. Curiousity bump.
I would honestly find it a massive turn on
repulsive, would lose all attraction to him
HELL NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOO! I guess I'd just sit there and die. Sit and die and wonder how I missed the signs.
Oddly enough, hot. Especially if he was a massive manly man
He will never be a woman. Just do not forget that.
would probably look great with a little plastic surgery. All millennial men should look like cutie patootie feminine men
i would be upset he's sharing it with other men/women and not exclusively to me. i had one guy doing this for me and it was so hot it was stupid
Are you my ex?
its weird cuz i hate trannies irl and men who identify as women.
but i have a huge sexual fetish for sissifying my bf. i wanna paint his nails and put makeup on him and make him wear stockings and sexually molest and violate him while he pretends to resist and moans. maybe even play with his asshole, then peg him too, and make him kneel and eat me out idk. but i would never want him to actually wanna become a woman irl. it would be a pure sexual fetish confined to the bedroom.
depends, post stats
would get back together again
origigenie
Life is suffering.
5'4, 120ish pounds, white
no never :3
God you sound amazing
Unfortunately this sort of happened to me, not crossdressing but found out he posted to troon spaces and identified as "nonbinary"
I ghosted him
Oh I should add he WAS crossdressing, he just didn't post that online to my knowledge. I still found him crossdressing though
I'd beat him up with a chair.
What kind of chair?
hmmst
what kind of chair anon
Sounds based as hell, why are females so annoying
Id put him on HRT and slowly convince him to start sucking cock and sluttifying himself to the point where I can pimp him out and then quit my job, relying only on his prostitution &amp; onlyfans income
PLEASE come to Odessa Texas and be my secretly feminizing GF. I make $160k and you can spend it all on hormones and cute dresses for me
You'd get a nice physics lesson soon after.
kys
you are tragic
I hate how this is such a faggy manslut/tranny fetish. I'd love to be feminine and pretty for my gf but I'd never post pics like this of myself online.
kill yourself you self-hating faggot
id rape him in the ass while screaming that he will always be a man
Thats the whole thrill of fucking sissies. Its dominating a man in a skirt. If they pass too well as women then its boring and they might as well just be women.
You are a homosexual coping
Fucking a man in the ass is not gay
Perfect.
Treat him the way she needs to be treated, with love and respect for all timme
