I wouldnt hate women if yhey were chaste and valued traits that make for a well rounded person (integrity, honor, sense of justice, intelligence, hard work, kindness etc)
The people here who pretend they're paragons of virtue relative to wamman are kek
The important thing is that you're a simp cuckold and any day now the m'lady's will notice that you've defended their honor and grant you simp pity sex.
They are most incels have done no social bad things like drugs or crime so they really are paragons compared to the average foid baboon
and you are a retarded incel. problem?
I wouldn't hate women if they were all feminists who would date male feminist incels and have equal relationships without expecting gender role shit
I don't have women anyway either, because hating women is always bad
People who just hate half of humankind are deeply mentally disordered. It's not rocket science to understand why women don't want to date psychos like that. The problem of incels is not their body. But of course all words are wasted here, as the incels dogma of victimhood is a solid block of concrete.
Cope seethe mald and dilate, cart comes after horse not before it. They hate women because women don't want to date them for their genetics of height and face. 
but of course all words are wasted here, as the incels dogma of victimhood is a solid block of concrete.
If all you have are your thought terminating cliches to keep your comforted then its pointless to argue with you, as you are not a person who uses her mind to think or reason.
You are a whiner at heart. You want people to just accept your nonsense or you throw a tantrum and cross you arms like a mad little girl and pout.
It's my life experience. I know this board for some years now, and I know the real world. In school I had friends, girls, and boys too. I never had a bf because my standards are extremely high - I want real love - but I watched the other girls having relationships. And the main trait of their bfs was a positive mindset. None of the girls had an abusechad as bf, and it was not always the talest guy. It was a guy with a good view on life. Nothing is more unattractive than a bitter hater. If a guy says "I didn't got my virgin dream gf when I was 17, so I will hate all women for the rest of my life", he's so out of track with the real world that he can only be an outcast.
Post the aggregate data showing women prefer short men over taller men instead of going on some psychotic feminine rant that narcissistically elevates your personal viewpoint over evidence.
 If a guy says "I didn't got my virgin dream gf when I was 17, so I will hate all women for the rest of my life", he's so out of track with the real world that he can only be an outcast.
Are you a virgin or are you a slut trying to manipulate lonely men here into serving you when you're both older while you offer a subpar nonvirgin nonteen relationship to them?
ALL of the women you're referencing had tall handsome abusechads as boyfriends. Why lie? Nasty dishonest retarded turdwhore.
Nothing is more unattractive than a bitter hater. 
Being short and being facially ugly are FAR more unattractive than any personality and behavioral trait. We already know conclusively that predatory sexually violent PEDOchad is popular with women. 
So why lie?
Honestly, are you a bot?
Dishonest nasty turdwhore cockroach insect toilet water fecal smear vomitous verminous leaking herpes blister moron retard.
That's what I thought nasty dishonest retard bitch cumslut whore faggot moron retard insect moron. Dishonest lying piece of dried herpes cum HPV insect feces.
This thread is closed because of rabies.
