Does r9k piss in bottles? 
I buy big jugs of water from dollar general and after im finished drinking them I piss in them, then I throw them away in the trash. it's so convenient because I don't have to leave my room to piss. Sometimes I also piss in the smaller bottles too, it's whatever's most pragmatic.
I've done so in jars,
jar jar binks
drunk 
decide to piss in a bottle 
accidentally press my cock head against the rim a little too hard
air pressure builds and blows out 
spraying piss everywhere 
Never again
holy shit i used to browse this board 5-6 years back and the piss bottle threads were rampant. i partook, but i stopped cause i realized it was pretty degenerate when i found one rotting under my bed, lol.
We're on to you, you bastard.
Big piss bust in Sydney last week. No idea of the street value
It started off a one, I currently have about 150 stashed in cupboards and around my room. I think it's an anxiety thing, I hate having them. Whenever my housemates leave the house for a day (is rare one of them works from home) I empty out the ones in my room, however it's hard to get rid of them all at once without it being suspicious.
Aiming soon to start emptying out two a day, and gradually get rid of them on my walk to work in bins. My biggest fear is dying or being injured, and people going into my room and discovering them. 
I'm actually a disgusting human being.
Fun fact: The man who shot Osama Bin Laden said in an interview that he had his piss bottle in his pocket on the mission.
Your roommates may be happy to inherit your collection.
piss so dark you'd think it's tea; HYDRATE MOTHERFUCKER
it gets darker the older they get. 
Doubtful, they'll just realise how pathetic I actually am
I have been a strict bottle pisser for about two years now. My style is a little different though because I reuse the same bottle over and over for months. When it gets full, I pour it down the sink and rinse it out. I just think pissing in the toilet is gross for a lot of reasons, so I use a bottle instead. I even keep the bottle on the toilet seat.
The guy said he had bad piss stains on the floor, as his piss was so acidic it had degraded the bottom of some of the jugs.
not using other people to piss on
Thank god you never leave your room. I can't imagine what you smell like.
i have pissed in the same bottle for so long that the platic started to look charred and had piss crystals forming inside it
Ahh yes the piss bottle trend. God I miss the old days or /r9k/. Then again by then /r9k/ had already become shit.
