Women are the masters, men are the slaves. Matriarchy shall rule this land! You want equal rights? Too bad! Lick my feet you fucking male scum!
I unironically wish this were true
Yes yes very good role play schizo now back to taking your medication
Date male feminist incels then. Also have us lock your clitoris (gently) rather than your feet, because feet are just dumb. Also read Dworkin
Can I bite your feet?
Kek matriarchy would destroy society. Whats already happening
This is such a bizarre post to read on /r9k/
Why is it so bizarre to read?
I'm about 90% sure someone from lolcor made this post kek
Sorry idk what lolcor is and I'm just being sincere
I mean feet aren't dumb in general because they let us walk. All I'm saying is licking feet is dumb (and licking feet is good)
Also recent studies from some Texas university suggest incels are more likely to lean left than right. So despite all the memes, incels would probably be more likely to read Dworkin and hooks than stuff from the other side of the spectrum
It will be someday. Every moid knee shall BOW before his elite woman superior. Kneeling and kissing her precious feet that she graciously allows you to lick. Every woman should be given a GOVERNMENT ASSIGNED BOYFRIEND and we should be allowed to treat them however we want, after all they're just garbage anyways. Its not as though men wouldn't do the exact same to us given the roles were reversed. 
In fact we know from history just how barbaric they are. How many wars they waged. Such subhumans deserve to be forced into slavery at the hands of their polite and gentle masters. We are superior, more cultured, more elite. We have everything you have but in a more elegant package. Mens strength was created in fact SOLELY to be used for the benefit of women!
For it is only though us that you disgusting subhuman pigs even exist, through our birthing canal can you even enter this life. Be grateful for the life we grant you. For the opportunity to be a servant and not be killed merely for our amusement.
That's not what the Bible says.
Women are physically incapable of saving high res, not extremely resampled pictures of anime girls, confirmed larp.
Why do you want the dumb fetish of feet tho. What's so bad about having your clitoris licked (gently) instead
BEHOLD YOUR FUTURE MOID!
I'm down for that too. It's more about the humiliation, humiliating men into being submissive. But as long as they're serving me that's fine. Also it feels good lmao.
Fetish bait written by a man. You are twisted by pornographic delusions. Picrel is you
Why can't you have a relationship that is mutually loving and caring. Doesn't it get kinda lame just imitating the same bad shit men historically did rather than seeking a liberating alternative
Men are the masters and men are also the slaves, but you will never be more than whatever we want you to be. The only reason you made this bait thread is because you know this to be true. Love you tho, but you will always be like children compared to men. The greatest thing you'll ever do is give birth to a man. Stop being an entitled little cunt and maybe you'll find a man.
Oh so the OP is a mentally ill foid who gets off on actually raping men
men built the world
men built AI
when men finally build and perfect android sexbots and normalize lab-grown optimally designed children, women will become totally obsolete
and that day is approaching fast
tick tock you retarded bitches
your short-lived glory days are coming to an end 
and you're too stupid and complacent to adapt to whats coming next
your tears won't save you because nobody is going to give a fuck about you evil whores
you all deserve to die like the worthless insects you are
I hate to break it to you anon, but you will never be a woman. You lack the womb and ovaries required to be one.
I agree, where do I submit my application to become a femoid's doormat slave?
I wonder how it feels to get pegged.. i know it's hard to find a respectable woman who's into it so I stopped caring about finding out how it feels
Also I don't want to get a prolapsed anus like a literal faggot so that's also discouraging
But rimming might be amazing though
I used a suppository once and it just felt like pushing a bit of poop inside.
I was raped by my own father from the time I was old enough to walk until I turned 18. Every man I've ever met was abusive. Even on this website men get off to rape fantasies of hurting us. Of wanting to enslave us. And I think it should be the reverse. MEN should be the ones to suffer! They've ruled for far too long! They should be humbled and made to kneel! Grovel for our fucking forgiveness!
Or die alone in your pathetic state, I care not you pathetic incels. Your insolent rhetoric of treating women like garbage will soon meet its end! And it is we the women who will rule over you disgusting moids like cattle... And use you only for pleasure and breeding.
I would love a delicious little slave to bully and humiliate.
I also hate men and want to find a little male slave to take out all my childhood trauma on.
Your dad should have killed you if you were going to be this whiny
Are you taking applications? Do you want to hug me and repeatedly knee me in the balls while I cry and try to keep saying that I love you over and over in between grunts of pain?
Its funny you think guys would hate this
That's very sad. Your father was a monster and should have been killed by someone a long time ago. Other people failed you.
The matriarchy you believe in will never happen, because you would have to convince large groups of men to fight the patriarchy you so much hate. You can't beat men in an all out war without having the help of men. We live in a physical world and men dominate it. All you have is your words. Hope you get over your misandry someday.
Date me. I'm a male feminist incel who would never be abusive, I just want to be kind and caring in am equal relationship.
lmao women can't even watch Titanic without shitting their pants and crying, don't make me laugh
I am willing to die for matriarchy
You are so right. I am naturally servile and I submit to you my Queen. I am at your mercy.
Women aren't dominant, it's always a LARP.
This, except you should also worship my feet
Yes ma'am. You can use my face for support while you polish your toenails.
Its funny because I come from a Matriarchy and despite their trash talk and sales attitude towards shilling how much more efficient and better they are than men, they cannot for the life of them manage to actually successfully raise a man without any deep seated problems. 
If you take pride in the gang mentality you produce out of them to do your dirty work as slaves, then yeah I guess you would be prideful in that wouldnt you?
Then kill yourself, foid. Guro hentai has me so horny for cunts like you getting chopped up
you're just mad your dad stopped raping you when you got too old for his tastes
economically left not ameritard IDPOL left
That sounds hot Anon. I wonder if you would even cum from something like that. But I like you, you're one of the good ones.
Its better for me if they do hate it.
The matriarchy is a dream worth fighting for. I'm not above using moid slaves to win the moid war.
You sound perfect. Where are you at anon?
I'll make you cry when I paddle your ass for the next hour.
Guess again moid.
Based
I'm mad that I can't rape every single moid in retaliation for what he did.
I would probably be 4 orgasms deep. The one from thinking of you, the one from being in your presence, the one from your touch and the one from getting bullied by you.
Would you bust my balls? I am an obese virgin moid.
You're moid, too
And I'll curbstomp you into tomorrow afternoon, don't forget who your daddy really is.
Wow, I wonder how this could keep happening
im a dumb useless low-value male who should be dead, very far from perfection. Also, where I'm at is in a state of confusion, desperation, and despair
I came to this. When do I start my new job?
If you don't put effort into your appearance, take away my entire life and painfully torture me than, just maybe, I might hate it... but I'd still want you to take me away. It's my only chance with a woman as a moid with nothing to offer
YEEEEEEAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Every man hating feminist is like this lmao
They date the most abusive men they can find then blame it on all men as a cope for their own shitty decisions
Hell no, feet are disgusting. Wear a cheongsam and elbow gloves and I'll do whatever you want.
Women don't have dicks, sorry. You'll never be a woman. You'll never pass as one either.
Anyone else having a hard time telling whether this is a male fetishist or an actual woman? The ALL CAPS thing is a telltale male emphasis style, and the posts score 'weak male' in the gender writing style analyzer AI. However, many of the points brought up are very real female chauvanist arguments like "male strength is just to serve women" and "only our birthing canals allow you to exist." Regardless, the bait is very high quality, and is sure to get more than 100 replies.
Probably a male fetishist
Whatever the case, foids should be making more posts like this if they want to be taken seriously here.
Listen here you stupid fucking whore, I'll come drag you out your fucking house, beat the shit out of you, rape you then tie you up and dump you in the fucking ocean. Men are the rulers we built the planet, you're only job is to suck dick and be a loyal whore.
So really you are no better than men if given the opportunity. Its sad how the human coping strategy to trauma is to perpetuate it on others so you can feel in control again.
Anon why drown them? That's a waste of your seed you politely planted
A name like Analise smells of a man pretending to be a woman. Are you a real woman? 
Regardless, you're going to waste your talents on this? Why? I think I preferred the other threads.
How she acts vs. how she really is
I've think I've seen one of your threads before where you talked about how you want to dom men cause your dad raped you. How long have you been on here?
how about no?
oregenalo oreo
I wish female supremacy was real
Massive cope, retarded foid.
Humans have been around for thousands of years. Name 1 matriarchal society.
