I just saw a vid where a shoplifter woman's clothes were torn and her hair was cut by an angry mob.
It made me very sad. People still act like spiteful hyenas who won't hesitate to destroy people with the smallest justification.
Personally, I prefer to be empathetic, forgiving, and understanding. It's much harder, but the difficult path is what I've chosen.
If you dont want to be stripped naked and shaved bald and beaten to death then just dont shoplift.
Nobody is forcing you to steal that lipstick from sephora.
I have no pity for criminals they put themselves in that situation so they deserve everything they get.
Nah, shoplifters and really thieves of any kind deserve mob brutality.
Are you baiting or literally just stupid? That's the most low IQ spiteful vengeful privileged take you could take
You dont need to steal because you are rich. Not everyone is rich
It's funny how anons are like this
You're not a moral or a good person. You're just looking for justifications to see other people ripped to shreds because you didnt get sex in your high school years am I getting close
OP is higher IQ than most people
It takes a high IQ to find a form of justice that isn't just self-gratifying revenge
Jesus Christ
has a medieval sword
Sigh..
first two posts are extremely online /pol/fags
HUH, WOWIE NEVER THOUGHT THAT WOULD HAPPEN LOL!
Yeah those look almost like bot posts.
"thieves of any kind deserve mob brutality" ... said the guy who would be stripped naked and beaten by a mob for the lolicon "childporn" on his pc ...
Shops are leaving certain areas because of "empathetic, forgiving, and understanding" individuals like you that think that stealing isn't a big thing.
Enjoy needing to travel an hour for groceries to area where people aren't "empathetic, forgiving, and understanding" and stores can actually function.
That's the paradox of tolerance.
If unchecked eventually it creates circumstances where tolerance isn't possible anymore.
Self-correcting problem.
Too bad for all the suffering that will happen until said self-correction occurs.
it's my job to make sure the store doesn't get stolen from
not my fucking problem, fag
It will become your problem when closest store is 10km away.
Thieves make the world a worse place. Chicago is one of the most forgiving cities in the US. Constant theft, murder, assault, vandalism, if it's antisocial behavior you'll find it there. I don't want to live there. Do you? Good people don't do antisocial things. If someone is antisocial they lack morals. You have to hope they at least possess reason. If the pain of getting caught is severe enough maybe they will be less antisocial. If you are empathic and forgive them they'll just do it more often.
If you ever have to live around bad people and are subjected to antisocial behavior I think you will have a sudden change of heart.
extremely online /pol/fags
If this thought is just "extreamly online /pol/fags" then how did this bitch get her head shaved bald IRL?
