How do i cope with being born in this shithole?
become muslim
Why would i do that muslims hate us
fell in love with a French girl
permanently destroyed
At least the food's good there, right?
U were born in a good country relatively to India or China.
Imagine being born in India man, I would unironically kill myself, it will be near impossible to get eu/us citizenship, they are ugly as fuck too, look at them, brown with dogshit face
By making a threat about it every single week
free neetbux
Je vois pas de quoi tu te plains
kek no its like if a french person became a muslim its a fuck you to france and you get bonus points if you're white trust me if u actuaully wanted to, u could
not that i reccomend it as an ex muslim. fly me to ur country and ill make things better
By remembering the fact your people have fought in and won more wars than any other nation in history. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_history_of_France
Inb4 10000 saxons get mad 
Imagine losing to France
It didnt upload the pic. But here it is, Battle os Castillon. Guy in gold is Lord Talbot, the "English Achilles". Died like a bitch at the end of the Hundred Years War.
End you life and stop wasting oxygen
It would be a massive improvement over france and i would get british/american/canadian citizenship in a heartbeat
Fake article fr*nce never won a war. Its unironically the most pathetically weak country in europe
I'm a bit of a ouiaboo but I like how spirited the french seem to be. They actually protest political bullshit and so on. And it's not retarded shit they protest like the burgers. In my cunt everyone just sit put apathetically while being fucked in the ass.
Become a big fat greasy American by pledging allegiance to the flag everyday, eating McDonald's and paying for healthcare.
Do you really believe this anon
Buy some bread and cheese, have a meal, drink some wine, fuck 2 women at the same time, and smoke a cigarette out of one of those long things. Just regular Frenchman things.
You can't suffer in France.
buy some bread an cheese
Disgusting ugly garbage
have a meal
Like everywhere else
drink some wine
Overpriced garbage soon to be forbidden because haram
cigarettes
Too expensive
france is a complete shithole i can only suffer
