ever since i joined college i see khv tier men with attractive women
how is this possible? i talked to some guys/girls and they said girls dont actually care about prey eyes or recessed chin or anything like that. pic rel, this guy is in my class and he says this is the pic he used on tinder before he got a gf
what the fuck?
This is all fake you know. Lookism ruined this board and the internet
ive been on this board since 2019. i literally believed this shit through and through
Yeah never take anything you see here seriously, most of it is shitposts and people that have been hypnotized to believe they are true. Bunch of psyops
Based hopium thread in the sea of demoralization
I guarantee that most of those relationships are betabuxx situations. Studies have shown that women consider more than 80% of men to be ugly.
Taking life advice and claims here as a fact from people who barely leave their house and don't really interact with others isn't a good idea.
What exactly am I supposed to be seeing here? Just looks like a normal dude.
Seriously all those guys get gf because they actually talked to a woman and liked her and they liked them, too.
I never get a satisfying answer when I ask this next questions to incels and it is pretty telling:
How many times have you actually tried to have an actual social conversation(not obligation or professional) with a woman in the past 6 months?
betabuxx
were all college students and broke as fuck so providing/ability to provide cant be part of it
im literally seeing it with my own two eyes that women arent flat out rejecting short/ugly men like this board says tho
To be fair, this is pretty true. Not talking about necessarily revolting, but not attractive. The vast majority of men are beta so it makes sense.
May i exlain this for you?
That can be explain by well college alot of people that finished developement become hypersexual and just go around and fuck everything they see. Girls will realise later on how easy they have it and that there are better men then the betas they have now and then start chad chasing. Their standarts just havent developed yet and the best way to profit out of that is by not being a socialy retarded Robot and having "Game" as Redpillers would say.
gameplayrj?
and to be honest i havent had much social interaction at all pre college. since starting here ive been talking to more people/getting out of my shell. i made small talk with a female in my class last week and im joining a club run by a woman so i might get more experience there.
I thought that was me for a second and got scared for a second.
He look exactly like me wtf...
you a ugly ass mf
post pic
orig
He has similarities with me too. But different.
The guy isn't ugly, he just needs a different haircut.
You look exactly like me. Your weak lower third is your demise
Lose the beard and get a different haircut that keeps it off your forehead.
Most people in college are looking to fuck nightclubs are the easiest way if you don't want to have to talk to them. When you realize you're not special or unique in your insecurities it becomes easier.
Unfortunately you're not thinking with your head on your shoulders are you?
I'd expect him to have a gf.
Looks like some ancient greek philosopher.
Studies conducted on "women" in major cities...in america nigger
Can you tell me the height, weight and race of his girlfriend?
Acting like a woman's height matters
I wanted to calculate the BMI.
I graduated uni a KHV and only lost it later on. The college girls didn't seem hypersexual to me.
it's more about social skills and the energy you give off.
even still photos can be ruined if you have a resting expression that makes people feel uncomfortable.
Have you ever seen a guy's face and knew immediately he was gay, before hearing him speak and regardless of anything he was wearing?
Some of them just have that expression that screams "I AM GAY" and you can spot it from miles away.
People here have the same thing but instead of "I AM GAY", it is saying "I AM BORING AND WEIRD, DON'T FUCKING BOTHER".
