I fucking hate it. I hate the fact I have OCD. Nobody takes this shit seriously. Why dont I have something rad like schizophrenia, trendy like ADHD or usefull like Autism? Fuck this shit
bro got the lobotomy earphones
I have schizoaffective (which is basically schizophrenia mixed with bipolar) and I have some symptoms of OCD like intrusive thoughts and constanstly thinking about past negative experiences. Thinking about those past experiences and you can't stop them or control them without heavy dose of anti-pysch meds
anti-pysch meds
Do they affect your libido?
I feel like I've had symptoms of all the ones you listed, I can run down what they felt like:
OCD
have to touch things in patterns or they feel off balance. Have to walk in patterns on the sidewalk. have to rearrange store shelves, and go around in a one way system. Had similar compulsions since childhood, outside of being fucking annoying there's not much else to them.
Schizophrenia
dissociation, making me feel like nothing is real. voices telling me to walk out into traffic because I actually live in the truman show and they won't hurt me. feeling like someone sneaks into my house at night, setting up traps at the doors and windows, and traps for if they try to bypass those traps. Worries that my family is conspiring against me, or plotting to kill me, or is actually a group of demons that have taken human form, who are going to sacrifice me. hallucinations of presences, or feeling like someone is in the room - these can be rather benign, like the invisible man who faces the wall in my bathroom, or malevolent, like the eldritch horrors that sometimes follow me while I walk my dog. Nothing makes any sense, truth does not exist, everything you do feels wrong.
ADHD
trouble focusing on classes past the 10 minute mark, usually have to catch up later on. Trouble sitting still, which can be awkward at family gatherings or job interviews. Leave work till the last minute, regardless of how long I have, or how much/little work there is to do. Trouble keeping focus in conversation, will often forget what I'm talking about while I'm saying it, or the point of a story someone is telling to me.
Autism
Never understood how to make friends, ever since I was a kid. Stim a lot, especially when I'm alone. do things the same all the time, even down to what I eat, how I brush my teeth, how I talk. Can have a hard time telling if someone is joking, particularly if I don't know them well. Can't handle loud, high pitched noises, like fire alarms and police sirens - usually have to cover my ears and close my eyes till they pass. Don't have many interests, mainly because the ones I have are for useless shit like anime and LOTR, and I stop myself from engaging in interests that aren't useful in some way.
also have to say that I'm not diagnosed as any of these (except in process of tism assessment), just sharing my experiences
Funny ass reply you a zoomer bro
nah bro im a millennial
You type like one do you use twitter or something
Most embarrassing mental illness
dependent personality disorder in a male
literally everyone you ever meet is biologically programmed to see you as a weak pathetic failure and they all subconsciously want you to kill yourself
nah i use quora
Sounds like a mess. Maybe all this might be related to each other. But I dont know you well enough so I cant judge. Anyway, I hope things get better for you.
When it comes to me, I considered all of those mentioned with the exception of Schizophrenia. Trouble with friends/social interactions, stimming, lack of focus... all there. But I recently assumed that this stuff might all come from OCD related anxiety. Only thing that Im 100% sure I have is OCD, since it made my life impossible
 usefull like Autism
Most people with the tism aren't useful, you are just biased in that notion because of preconceived useful people with the disorder.
Autism is a disability and as someone with a doctor's diagnosis, I think that most neurotypicals will never understand how it truly feels, likewise, I will never understand how it truly feels to be normal.
Simple things like taking out your card for a purchase at a store can leave me feeling so overwhelmed that I just need to walk out and think, which I've done on several occasions. At that moment I don't think about the fact that I am leaving behind my own credit card or anything else but the second I've calmed down I now know the walk of shame is closer where I need to ask for the credit card back.
This is just one of the many examples where daily activity will feel like a chore and that I am not in a controllable situation. Unlike some mental illnesses autism doesn't really have a cure, the closest is limiting exposure to situations/environments and enabling me to feel safe in there.
When it comes to "most embarrassing" mental illnesses it goes to autism and it's not close. If you see someone having an episode while schizophrenic your thoughts immediately goes to "that is someone not sane of mind" instead of "why are they so weird", and ADHD has proven to be a malfunction that is more internal of a struggle which would not be considered shameful in actions nor appearance.
Autism breaks all social and established norms to which you should adhere to, not because of ill intent but a lack of understanding of why or how it can even be a norm in the first place.
There is a reason why every single "cringe compilation" consists of autistic people and not someone suffering from OCD, ADHD or schizophrenia.
Yeah thats fair. I had high-functioning autism on my mind, thats why I said useful (I dont see any use in OCD at all). But having a proper autism sounds like a being only human in a alien world
My goofy ass thought it would be cooler to keep them on
I didn't got a diagnose of autism (but of schizophrenia, what is just nonsense), but I consider myself as a non-neurotypical, because my mind works just different. I can socialize, I'm not very shy, and I usually know how other people feel, but social situations are like a rolepay. When I go there I think to myself: Ok, now let's pretend to be a human. I can do that because I learned how it works, but it's rarely fun. Being alone is often my choice then. A benefit of this board here is that I can be just me, unfiltered.
usefull like Autism?
kek. knowing everything about trains or ships doesn't help you in the real world when you cant get a high school diploma since you literally cant give half a rats ass about all the other shit they want to teach you. and thats the ''useful'' aspects of tism. most autists just have no hygiene standards and are decent at games through sheer play experience but aren't exceptional because they cant break out of trying to force it to being what they want instead of abusing its quirks.
i do respect your plight tho, i'd be on constant verge of killing everyone if i HAD to do something and everyone just try telling me to just not do it.
is OCD even real bro why do i always feel like its fake
Its stupid I know. Thats why I hate it
Barely for me, Only ssri's have a major negative effect on your libido and penis
High functioning autism only means having an IQ over 70.
Im not saying you are lucky, but I will say im glad it doesnt affect it. 
I got prescribed 5 times higher dose of SSRI's than dose used for depression, without any other option (that isnt experimental atleast) so its a pain
Its stupid I know. Thats why I hate it
That is a huge feel, I'll sit and rip out my hair for 5 hours straight, think to myself I'm an utter retard and this is completely arbitrary and pointless, then I'll do it again.
Beginning to suspect I am developing OCD. I'm 21 now, which is around the right timing. Relatively certain I'm autistic too, I had a lot of routines and habits as a kid but I just took it as autism. At this point it is extremely time consuming, I have a highly strict shower routine I do every day just so I don't feel like total shit, and when I'm alone it is constantly, CONSTANTLY, on my mind, to the point I notice it's getting hard to apply critical thought and that in of itself is freaking me out more. I feel a sense of discomfort that is sharp and constant.
I don't rationally understand it and I think it's stupid but I genuinely cannot stand these highly specific imperfections I see in myself, and I'll pursue them to the point I'm the person making them. I can't explain this in a way that means anything to others. Please kill me.
Okay thanks bro I've been feeling really really bad lately and I needed someone who may understand to rant at even if it's words on a screen. Sorry for the blog wall
-- Also --
If you have experience, is it worth seeking professional help for this? I'm in the UK btw. I'm beginning to feel like I'm going to have to, I've avoided opening up all my life and I'm really scared, but I'm struggling to do basic human tasks and I feel this will only worsen with time. I'm especially scared they're going to send me to rehab, because surprise surprise in my years of coping I have recurring substance abuse problems. I'm back to just smoking weed now, I don't want to go to rehab.
I have ADHD its a fucking nightmare. I was gifted but everyone saw me as a retard because of how I outwardly act and its carried on into my adult life. People all think im completely inept when im smarter than everyone else I know in terms of IQ and achievement. It doesnt bother me that much because I have that pride where since I know im going places I dont let it get to me but it annoys me how everyone jokes about how im stupid. Theyll all find out my powers later when im doing better but its annoying to be seen as the village idiot at the present.
You know what, forget it. I'm stupid and just wanted to rant a bit
The best thing you can do is to read up on OCD as much as you can and determine if you have it or not. Best sources are psychologists who actually had OCD themselves.
OCD is one of those illnesses that with better understanding of it you can make a great progress.
When it comes to professional help, I don't know honestly. I only started getting professional help 2 months ago at 23, with OCD symptoms going as far back as Middle school. And only reason I went in is because Im stuck as a NEET after pandemic. Before that, I was just barely scraping by doing my best and avoiding compulsion heavy situations. 
So far as my treatment is going, I got prescribed some SSRIs >>73188386 and started CBT therapy (not the fun kind). But my therapist is honestly shit, she is too cold and condescending. But even the nice ones might not be the best for this. There's therapist that specialize on OCD and UK should have some, unlike in this shithole here.
Also coming back to the SSRIs, they are risky drugs, only take them if your situation is unbearable.
Bro I have OCD and ADHD and I do fine. I live my life and I come here in r9k to express how much I hate fucking females in the West.
