Why don't men put as much effort into their female friendships as their romances? And while we're on that note, why don't men put as much value into their male friendships as well?
Women do.
women dont make good friends. they just bitch all the time or talk about gossip nobody cares about
women lose friends every month.
Women do not. Women cannot even conceive of the value men put in their friendships. 
Also, there is nothing platonic a woman can offer better than what a man can so why would any effort at all be put into friendships with women?
this. where are the women that have solo hobbies instead of "being around people?" i'd like to be friends with them
*raises hand* like, omg this is SO me, is it okay if my bf tags along? he is kind of a MAJOR grump grump so like, if you could just not argue with him and maybe be a little submissive to him, like okay?
Can't be a thing. Dishonesty in friendship isn't real friendship. Unmet desire makes it weird. Unless some women is severely ugly, men are programmed to want to fuck anyone that gets close to them. You must let a man fuck you on demand if you wish to be true friends with them.
Women do.
No they don't, most womens friendships are massively transactional in some form, and they are not genuine more than half the time, they drop them for the smallest reasons or for no reason at all.
Why don't men put effort into female friendships like they do romances? What's the return for the effort in each? There's your answer. Putting the same effort into someone who see's you occasionally, isn't there for you day in day out, isn't there to cuddle with you or sleep next to you or wake up to, as you do to someone who does none of those things and to whom you will be like 7th down on her priority list, would be kinda dumb no?
As for male friendships, mens friendships are meant to be effort free and easy. What effort do you want? Sitting on a couch drinking beer and watching some shit on tv is the natural male friendship, or playing games or whatever. If you're suggesting men can be emotionally fulfilled by their male friendships and not require women, you're wrong it doesn't work that way.
if they're not single then they're trash and not worth being friends with anyway
Because its a one way street of men financing women , and then those women go out together and burn through what is given leaving nothing of value for anyone. 
It is hard being a man and it is harder finding a decent partner to be intimate with. Why the hell would a man dish out even more time and resources while getting next to nothing in return from these parasitic woman? Spend days hours and weeks with a female and that all becomes void in an instant.
Men DO put tremendous effort and resources into their male relationships (mates friends buddies) that go into the greater good for their group circles as a whole that create tangible and longer lasting value that isnt burned through the moment it becomes available. (disagreement are quickly resolved in most cases and the objective goes back to preserving the unity of their friendship) 
This. 
woman lust for everything and then consume till there is nothing left and then move onto the next thing in the meta.
my female friends are either annoying to be alone around or have attempted to come onto me so i do not want to be alone with them
Its super funny how we men can instantly just recall moments of our separate experiences and bond/relate over the struggles we ALL faced and had to face dealing with these stupid cunt face identical women. Its amazing like a collective dream and we never even met or know about each other. yet we all just know. 
That bonds us all together. Ill be so happy and comforted just sitting around playing video games and having beers with you guys doing nothing as anon suggested. Id be free from this disgusting society for a short while at least. 
Women are like stuck in a bird cage and cannot see out of their enclosure. Yet drive our motives to exist and to carry on with life. double fucking edged sword. It will be the death of us all.
Having friends is kind of cucked. Especially having female friends.
Women can't understand that because they don't have dicks and have no masculinity to begin with therefore rendering them unable to be cucked.
Because I'd rather talk to a buddy that has the same interests as me and we have an engaging conversation instead of talking to a woman about her day or whatever mundane things they want to discuss.
Women literally don't put effort into their friendships or relationships, though. They treat them as entirely disposable and will drop people at the drop of a hat.
Just recently there was a study that showed women lost more friends during the pandemic than men.
