Share your works for us.
What are you working on?
working on my next 200+ reply racebait post
I have a musical collaborator and we're working on making a demo album. He did the instrumentals for this, I did the vocals. This is a demo of our first song (I shared one before, but this is the first "for sure" keeper).
https://on.soundcloud.com/TF5uX
Apologies for the levels being rough, this is just a rough cut.
Bump em uppem yall
Guitar Anon
If your supremely based self is lurking around-
I wanted to show you the result of recording some of my vocals for that song you made.
https://on.soundcloud.com/su7J5
I'm out here lurking for more content from you, brother.
Just wrote a short story for a competition at my uni. It's in spanish, so no point in sharing it. I felt really happy I could write something I had fun reading.
On the other hand, I've been getting really good playing the bass, but I suck so much at socializing I sort of know I'll never have a band or buddies to play with. That really sucks the fun out of it
What was the story about?
What's your bass rig like? Based that you chose bass. Ton of respect for bass players. Eventually, I will pick up a Fender Jazz Bass.
A possum and a roostertry to return a lost notebook. It had to incorporate elements of my university. I chose that cast since my university mascot is a rooster, and sometimes you can see possums walking about.
I had a really cheap bass I bought on marketplace for something around $40. I later bought a cream stinger bass for $60. Sadly it had a broken trust (It was sold "as is" from storage, so seller had no idea if it even worked). 
I ended up replacing the arm with the $40 bass and it sound fantastic. It doesn't have too big a range of tones, but honestly I feel it was a real bargain. Maybe I'll buy an actual bass later, or i'll bite the bullet and pay a fuckt-ton to replace the trust rod, but I don't have that sort of disposable income rn
(pic related. I have the same bass, although again it has a different neck, and the paint is chipped on some corners)
