why dont incels just settle for 4/10 nerdy chicks?
you know whats funny back in the 2000s we all probably could have a gf like that
I can't get one
I never could get one.
Yeah any ugly guy could get a 7/10 just a few years ago :^)
You can keep on spamming your retarded claim but nobody is going to fall for it.
No (You) for (You).
No bump for (You).
nerdy girls like that make me hallucinate. they are too nice to be true. 10/10 for me. stacy falls behind 6/10 at comparison.
Aw man, to me that's a 9 out of 10. She's cute partly cos she's unconventional, and cute in an unconventional way. Wouldn't you rather have her than some identical clone-looking girl who was surely made in some horrible factory somewhere and makes herself look "beautiful" just cos she thinks you have to, she makes few of her own decisions except based on what she thinks she "ought" to do. Awful clone woman who doesn't even know her own mind.
Whereas this beauty decided it'd be cute, and funny, to cover herself up with PC circuit boards (is that a Creative sound card there?). A million points more than some clone whose pictures reflect nothing, absolutely nothing, about her. But then there is little to see there. But nerdy-girl here knows herself. Doesn't play ridiculous games all day. That is, silly mind games. She plays computer games all day though, certainly, want a Deathmatch? Incidentally is that a wisp of pubes just below that card? I could go hairy pie for dinner here.
Beautiful, an easy 9. Problem is would she notice that and value me less? Or would she be into someone who digs the fuck out of her?
thats a fucking man aint it
anon this picture was taken before zoomers and trannies
it's 2023 you retard, a 4/10 wants to fuck a 7/10 at the very least
not this tired shit again. they don't want me. only landwhales want me and I don't want landwhales
Nah even skinny nerd girls have female curves. Dudes just can't get it. For reasons you could view as complex and manifold, but that boil down to them being men. Men men men. Trannies are so obviously men, that for some people they fell right out past the end of the manful spectrum and re-appeared on the distant female side again. An oddity of politically correct mathematics. But stay aware of the obvious... they're literally all being polite. They can see you're a dude, because humans have eyesight. But they see the mess you've made of dressing up, and know it's polite to call you "she" because you're a bit mentally cracked and they don't want to set you off taking hostages or something.
If this were a tranny she'd be dressed up in "sexy" lingerie and posing like a fucking prostitute, because that's what trannies think women are, nothing but sex objects. But this girl might be able to talk about programming or something. A brain you could love. Never mind that body you could hold and feel her skin's softness.
Girl in pic is a 5 at least
I don't think you know what 4/10s look like, OP.
Shit, that's something at least. Don't get me wrong, I'm with you, fuck landwhales they chose to be fat, now they get the consequences.
It's just that at least you get someone interested in you, for me that would be a new experience.
But then again, if they weren't landwhales they would be doing exactly tha same as all other women: pumped and dumped by a never ending stream of Chads, Tyrones (who'll never settle for them) and assorted dudes that give her the tingles for whatever reason but she will never settle for.
1- That photo is at least 20 years old, not a completely different reality, but different enough.
2- Still she's clearly a slut
3- modern women that look like that have fucked and sucked hundreds of guys, including half of the football team in a gangbang
3- And obviously those women nowadays would only "settle" for Chad.
you sound like a bug boy
Why do nerd chicks have hairy arms. Wtf shave that shit.
You guys are retarded, that's not a nerdy girl, look at that body! She knows what she's got too, or she wouldn't be okay with posing nude.
Nice cope kek
how is her head bigger than her shoulder's width
Having bitches consistently send me messages first on tinder is definitely an ego boost but it unironically doesn't make me happy. People on cuckit call me a good looking goy but it's just not enough for grills. I just want a pretty looking toilet like what my Dad had back in the 80s when he met my Mom. What I'm trying to say is that it's unironically over unless you're very good looking, i.e Leonardo DiCaprio tier. 
Yes that also makes me very bitter and further makes me refuse their advances. 
There's definitely a polarisation in the men that toilets go for in that the really untermensch landwhale tier ones go for decent looking 6'0 senpais like me and everyone else goes for the 6'5 prettyboy endomorphs. It would be more balanced imo if there were fewer landwhales, but ofc bitches are just lazy and can't be bothered to improve as long as they can easily get averagecels.
why do incels have such high standards? 
Lies. Just because ER had that, it does not mean that the rest of us are standards-cels.
The incel boom is precisely because women's standards went to insane levels; Chad or nothing.
We would, but they want Chad too.
Just because ER had that, it does not mean that the rest of us are standards-cels.
Saint Elliot didn't have high standards, he lived in Chadsa Vista as a 5'8 averagecel, ofc he wouldn't attract any grills. 
Yes, but that doesn't cut it unfortunately. Toilets knew they could do better than him so they weren't interested, simple as.
It is well known that Our Blessed Elliot only wanted hot blondes.
Had he not been a self-hating hapa, he could have slayed nerdy asian girls.
Of course the college town he was in was going to make it even tougher for him.
picrel is not a 4/10 she easily has a 10/10 body and if she took off her glasses and put on some makeup you would easily call her a stacy. None of you will settle down for an ACTUAL nerdy ugly girl
at least an 8.5/10
In all honesty I probably smell this bitches armpits and her butthole. And then I fucking rape her over and over again she would have my child, like a good whore.
That ain't a 4/10 bro. That's like at least a 6-7 in today's standards. If not more...
And maybe the girls need to let me follow them around the mall a little more often (from a safe, but also suspicious distance) and then they'll get some D; Only after I initiate a conversation to determine their opinion on Magic the Gathering. Just sayin'...
Incels have low standards. I'd settle for a 0/10 girl who had nothing going on. But even they just want chads.
I know putting those in your skin hurt a lot
bump. i'm not letting this queen get burried in the archive.
Nerdy chicks don't like nerdy guys
just because nerdy guys are undesirable doesn't mean nerdy girls are
I'd love some ao3 fujoshi girl but they want normies
I thought it would be a lot worse
high test levels that lead to malebrain, which makes nerdy chicks bigger sluts than most, usually with bdsm + group sex fetishes
I think the point is that women have a higher like-to-match ratio since they pass so much more than men.
Whoa mama!
why do you keep making these threads brother
Because "4/10 nerdy chicks" are chadsexuals, just like all other women.
I'm not Chad, so I'll never approach any foid (nerdy or otherwise).
You're welcome.
Foids always bitch about icky men approaching them, so I decided not to bother them.
One problem less for foidkind.
You're welcome, ladies.
You're missing the point that women REJECT 95% of men (while men reject the bottom 47% of women).
This is why male inceldom has boomed in the last decade alone. It is women's standards that are the issue, not incel men's.
100% with you Anon. Absolutely a fucking 9. I would immediately marry this girl unless she was a total bitch. Beautiful face, fucking perfect body, dreamy af. Not only, in the very likely case that she actually thinks she's a 6, that bumps her up to a 10. I'd be writing her poems and love letters every day if she's as sweet as i'm imagining...
Why dont women get the hint that THEIR HINTS DONT FUCKING WORK
Swear this board is just bots. This exact thread with the exact same text has been posted several days in a row. 
What's the fucking point?
I'm in top ten percent of men by height and athleticism. The average woman is literally overweight by medical definition. I'm in top ten percent of men my age and country for wealth too. I think I at least deserve a 6 or 7 that is from the same race as me. I'm disgusted by fat so there's no way I'm settling for a 5 or lower.
