14yo Incel shoots up School in Serbia, leaves 8 dead
Only a retard would choose to raise a son
how did a 14yr old get access to guns in a non burguer country
I dont think you can be an incel at 14. Im sure I will get 50 replies of why im wrong but you guys had very fucked up childhoods
according to his friends he was described as a "very quiet kid" who was picked on by his classmates regularly and called a "nerd"
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/av/world-europe-65470827
video of the kid here
"bullying is actually good, you have to learn to stand up for yourself!"
OK then.
This imagine not aborting males
where did I say bullying was good
Being a nerd as a kid isnt the same things as an incel. You cant call everything an incel then you get to the point where married people are called incels and its fucking stupid and the word means nothing 
I know someone is bound to twist my words but my point is a kid cant be an incel
Based.
Parents need to understand they have to either beat their misbehaving bully kids with a belt or collect their pieces off the floor after their victim had enought and turned his abuser into ground meat.
arent guns banned in serbia? how did a 14 yr old get a gun
the only based post in this thread
normies love picking on the weak and virtue signalling might-makes-right ethics, but cower and become hypocrites when its them who are the victims of violence
this is why i dont take anyone's moral takes seriously who arent a vegan
People can break the law.
Just because you write on paper "stealing is bad" doesnt mean suddently nobody will be able to steal anymore.
He probably obtained it illegally
still
no one would take a 14yr old serious if he tried buying a gun
also the money
Serbia has the highest gun ownership rate in Europe.
apparently he stole his dads pistol
This is what Serbia's president looks like btw
Why are Security Guards so incompetent? How do you get killed by a 14 year old?
Based. The only correct method. Dont want to be shot in the head? Dont bully.
Because hes a unarmed security guard and the 14 year old has a automatic rifle?
No amount of karate training and hitting the gym will make you able to deflect bullets with your hands.
i sure hope they are in hell right now
Is this the originaI chudjak? hahaha
What's interesting about this is that 14 year olds cannot legally be held accountible for their actions, so he will, at most, face 4 years in some form of juvenile.
his "plan" by the way
also, the shooter here
second part of the plan
The one based serb.
How the fuck did HE get bullied? He must've been some kind of mentalcel
Kys femoid. Women can't raise children regardless of gender. You put your child at ever statistical disadvantage if you do. 
All single mothers should be sent to hard labor concentration camps.
this. i looked very similar to this guy and i was a undiagnosed autist with unloving uncaring parents who rarely showered and played wow all day
i actually didnt get bullied that much because i was very silent, always had a very serious stern look on my face, nevre socialized, and didnt disrespect people, but i could easily see how i could of EASILY been bullied
