there is literally no reason to live past 20-30
There is if you have kids
this is true, especially if you missed out on the core meaning of life (relationship and genuine romantic love with a woman 18-25 while you are also 18-25). simple as.
only if you have kids from a loving relationship that started as teen love. otherwise its just pretending and its no different than having kids with a prostitute.
past 20 
Yes. You are still reaching your prime by your late 20s, if you're a man. Women already reach their prime around 18. Sorry ladies
past 30
I agree. 30 years is a long enough life and it's better if you consider it well spent. Only copers want to stay alive for the 30s to make up for what the didn't get in their 20s
what about friends and adventures
massive anime cartoon retard cope. youre not going on adventures and friend groups are only genuine if formed when young and they only matter up until the point of sexual awakening which only matters if its by 18.
you're not le epic animerino adventurer, you're not pushing any boundaries never pushed by humans before. you're just a coper coping with missing the fundamental life experience and meaning.
sex sex sex women sex women sex 
i really wish i had friends i just want all you retards dead
Meh. I had the genuine romantic love from 17-22, did the epic fun friend group international travel, literally just came back from cancun a couple days ago with my 10 man friend group for a bachelor party, my buddy is getting married to the love of his life. i'll be 30 in 5 months. my +1 to their wedding is my 23 year old tinder fwb. I'm gonna keep living because this life shit is fun and it's only getting better
blah blah blah get a grip seething malding coping sour grapsing turdwhore retard. touch grass.
im going to agree with your entire premise and act like im disagreeing with you to seem intelligent
ok retard
literally this. life has NOTHING to offer the single male past 30 or so
body going to shit
zero chance to make friends
zero chance to find gf who isnt a used up roastie
video games stop being fun
society looks down on you
anon you are the retard. you have totally melted your brain from a lifetime of pornography and 4chan.
nah keep coping hard retard, you conceded entirely and submissively suckled on my cock like a scared pussy faggot porn addict. simple as.
Just give up whining and enjoy what you can.
blah blah blah get a grip seething malding coping sour grapsing turdwhore retard. touch grass.
muh epic heckin enjoyerino spacerino fred rogerinoS! heckin epic! puppernios! just submissively dont complainerino! be a submissive nonwhinero! dont be angerino at womerino let them take take takerino and dont complainerion! epic space heckinerino!
shutup retard bitch simp cuck moron insect retard.
i'd go on adventures with you
 you have totally melted your brain from a lifetime of pornography and 4chan.
okay :) the first adventure will be us having casual sex will you swallow my cum?
If you are over 30 you probably should kys as soon as possible. There's no fix to people like you. Just jump somewhere you'll figure it out on your way down.
i have had your precious sex and relationships before
muh heckin epic rock spacernio muh little blue doterino heckin epic! epic heckin space pupperinos fred rogerinos wholesomerinos! muh hecking epic heckin spacerinos! 
exactly my point retard, you proved it. you submissively proved my point by having sex and relationships before, retard.
Hmm true I didn't phrase my reply properly. What I wanted to say is that all the early shit like the teen love and the international travel with friends was overrated and that you shouldn't base your desire to keep living on whether or not you had that in your early life. Just keep moving forward and resolve within yourself to do fun shit, have epic adventures, have the epic romance, and develop the close friendships. Life doesn't end at 30. For many, it only just begins. Adjust your desires, understand that you're not a teenager anymore, but the world is huge and there are lots of people living big and exciting lives who also didn't have all that ooey gooey teenaged bullshit
If my children are going to be half of the child I was there's no use
What I wanted to say is that all the early shit like the teen love and the international travel with friends was overrated
You have no idea that its overrated because you have no baseline to compare it to. You are locked out of the misery of not having had it so you wouldn't know. Only people who look at it from the outside are in a position to compare.
You demonstrated its invaluable importance by having it in the first place. Actions > words always, and by doing it, you permanently and irreversibly disproved any argument against its central value.
are lots of people living big and exciting lives who also didn't have all that
Nope, they aren't You have no access to the perspective of someone who didn't because you are locked out and can no longer look in to your own perspective from out like such people can. Happy people in that position don't exist, they are all internally miserable. Simple as.
who also didn't have all that ooey gooey teenaged bullshit
when you have ot invent nonsense negative qualities like "ooey gooey" you know you've lost the argument. Nothing more to it.
Adjust your desires, understand that you're not a teenager anymore
If you did the things you are no position to make this suggestion. Make this suggestion through your actions by never doing the things, simple as. Actions > words. You have shown that these desires are necessary, central, and the only meaningful desires of life by choosing to live your one life having done them.
have epic adventures,
Also whats with this fag shit retard talk? Muh heckin epicerino adventurinos!1 You're not in an anime cartoon retard, there are no le heckin adventurinos in real life. An adventure is an action that pushes forward universal human experience that no one has ever done before. You're just shitting around, not going on le adventures.
The intensity and value of romantic love is in proportion to the novelty and age of the person experiencing it. An elderly (25+) mind and a mind that has ever done it before will not be meaningful. Simple as.
There is no reason to live life past enjoyment really. If you're in your 30s and think of suicide everyday than that's the sign you need change, and if change doesn't work then buy cocaine and wage guerilla warfare until you die in a glorious last stand. Watch Uwe Boll's Rampage movie series and you'll know what I mean.
the only thing a man needs to change is his height and face. if you think of suicide daily in your 30s, you are genetically short and ugly.
I didn't get a good paying job until 27 and it was 31 when I bought a house. It feels like life is only now starting.
you missed out on life but you can cope with money if you want. women do like paypigs for cold meaningless relationships.
Why does the adventure only qualify if it pushes forward a universal human experience? I would argue that as long as it pushes forward your own human experience, then it is an adventure. I never backpacked through Europe before, so when I did it with some friends during college, it was a journey full of novelty and excitement. When I solo travelled to the phillippines, I ended up staying with a young flip family, who showed me around and introduced me to their people. I ended up staying for 2 months, going to weddings, exploring islands, making friends, all from a solo trip to a place I'd never been. That's an adventure and a half, anon. You can do this type of shit in your 30s
thats why you go through ego death at 20 to avoid the confrontation with the massive fuckup disappointment you have become and just do drugs
be 43
nail your oneitis 
It's fine, keep going.
There are 25+ people who have never experienced romantic love, anon. If two 30 year olds fall in love and experience the emotions for the first time, it's going to be meaningful.
In the grand scheme of things what is 30 years vs 75 years anyways? I'd rather go out like a goddamn lion at 30 doing coke, engaging in shootouts, fucking prostitutes, etc than to live to be some pathetic old man rotting in a retirement home filled up with life regrets.
Or you can not do the coke and treat your body like a ferrari so that your vitality and your fitness remain as tip top as possible into old age
Reading what you write makes me want to gouge my eyes out its literally worse than YA fiction
just more nonsense confirming my point that things only matter when you're young ("college") etc. not only that but this is a rich persons life, 99% of people cannot access it no matter what. and your heckin travelerinos arent adventures, you're not in an anime. they're just you fucking about having young love and confirming my argument that it is central to meaning. muh heckin adventurino and three quarterinos
there are, they're called short ugly men. women are fundamentally incapable of romantically loving them. no woman over 21 has any novelty of romance left it has been cummed and fucked out of her. it won't be meaningful for a 30 year old no matter what because the aging brain cannot experience it in a genuine meaningful way, however tricked a person might be about it. the brain is no longer able to experience it correctly, simple as.
you will have nothing. life is lived up to 25. after that is pure cope.
But why? You aren't going to escape aging, and even if you could do you really want to live in this shit tier reality forever? A few years of fun sounds preferrable to slaving away for 45 years.
children are a product of their upbringing. take the lessons you learned, and give your kid the life you didnt have. robots are genuinely in a unique position to be able to break the cycle of trauma...or perpetuate it. choice is yours really.
you will have nothing. life is lived up to 25. after that is pure cope.
this is such a pathetic mindset lmfao, really says more about you than the people you're trying to deflate
lmao i love it when spergy neetards share their zero experience philosophy
I highly doubt that. Women don't like anything but themselves.
such enraged hands typing you got caught out seethe mald dilate cope and touch grass. simple as, angry face savers.
if you have children out of a non loving relationship (relationship that started after 21 where she didnt want to fuck you the first time you met), you are already abusing your kids and forcing them to fail. Do NOT have children in a non loving relationship.
Children are for normoid who only know how to do what they're told. Just have a kid because "it's what you do!". Never question whether or not you're financially stable or have genes worth passing on to another. No just produce more consumer slave cattle so a handful of people can live like gods.
lost v status at 25 to gf
single again till 35
35 found myself with a good job, money and confidence
all of sudden im dating, then a gf for a year then met wife to be 
married at 40
son born at 50
im constantly tired (toddlers and working in IBs at 50 is fookin hard), wish i had better health coz of the kid but happy
my only regret when it comes to women is not having confidence in my 20s (i looked like i was 13 at 19 so wont say my teens), was such a socially inept, hopeless, shy spaghetti pockets weirdo manlet nerd for so long. i literally didnt see guaranteed sex when it was waved in my face and it took 10 years to realise the offer i failed to take up. i didnt read those women right and realise what type would have liked me and what would have friendzoned me. All that raving and clubbing in the 90s i did, all those names and numbers i collected off my face on pills and powders but too shy to follow up on. if i know what i do now i would have had so much more poon under my belt.
all im saying, is i promised myself i would kill myself before i turned 26 because i was a virgin but got lucky with months to go and then in my late 20s and early 30s was miserable and resigned to dying a bachelor but things changed and i turned from a manchild to a man and went from average jobs to a decent career in a short time and it changed everything and dont give up too just because you are about to become a wizard 
if i could give any advice its to get a decent job and preferably one that forces you to develop some confidence, social skills and awareness and then after that you wont need women advice
did you go bald though? thats why you are able to fix your life that option does not exist for many of us.
this is a literal horror story of a life and not at all the inspiration you think it is. this is suicidefuel. missing out on meaning and being some timepig and paypig in a loveless elderly relationship, coping that you totally could have had those sex and relationships in the past (you couldn't have, you're short and ugly), etc. 
Pure horror and your lack of insight and full on coping is grotesque.
did you go bald though?
yeah, clipper cut since 30ish. i didnt even realise i was balding and even now i cringe when i remember a hairdresser trying not to laugh when was talking about my hair being so thick which it was a child. These days i use clippers without a guide i.e number 0 once a week. Have a beard which is average at best coz im not just a bald manlet, im half Jungle Asian but at least can grow a full beard unlike my dads side of the family.
Again, its money and confidence. my gf before my wife was a 6ft former BDSM model who was a submissive masochist and she didnt give a fuck about the height difference or hair or maybe being dominated by a manlet she towered over was just another of her weird fetishes she didnt care, i certainly didnt the sex was fucking fantastic.
nah, i know women like me now, and still have them flirting and showing me the attraction signs. i got lucky with my wife. i spent my 20s off my head at clubs raves and had the best 90s ever. i spent my 30s playing smokng weed playing vidya doing MMA and developing a career followed by unlimited funds for dating, and a dinky lifestyle of 5 star hotels and 3 star restaurants and now our marriage is as strong as ever and the kid is brilliant and im happy. Getting laid more would have been nice but i wouldnt have ended up where i did now and with my missus. Perhaps i got lucky because her single life was a bit of a mirror of mine and i know she didnt ride Chad for a decade first but you lot only believe in stereotypes, tropes and memes and couldnt even grasp there are and have always been fembots just like us too.
thats actually not true smartphones have destroyed women
epic fun
Last time I was in Cancun, or maybe that was the other time, I went down an alley into an unmarked brothel and they brought out the only girl working who was a colombiana in a bikini. Tall and toned and shapely and probably on horse steroids like the brazilians. It was 200 bucks and I'm not paying gringo prices plus probably with a condom so I walked out.
What'd you do, drink beer on the beach? Eppiiiiicc!!
That's kind of a funny little image. Either a redditor meme or made by a demoralization thinkgroup.
This issue is only compounded in western societies due to the asocial vibes present. I'm currently in the buy a motorcycle stage of my life crises. But I see a lot of sad tough guy cucks on their rides. Heh,
dooood sex sex sex sex 
i wish we could kill people like you. low iq.
The only thing lower IQ is breeders.
Are you some sort of women who despises her sexual utility? I already read some impotent posts like yours itt.
no one cares newfag
You got issues and type like a bot 
the normie larping is cringe too 
I'm out
Seems like you suffer from severe brainrot, all you talk about is sex and whatever the fuck. 25, have had my friends since HS. Some of them are sexless losers, some of them are degenerates who smoke dope and fuck sluts, some of them have long term relationships that might end in marriage but in the end sex never broke the group. Maybe you shouldn't be so fucking obsessed with it.
le ego death
I hear this thrown around but what does it mean?
About to turn 30 and I need to stop being lazy and start chasing pussy because you faggots are all wrong and you cannot possibly be happy without getting pussy, I think about suicide every fucking die. It's either sex or death for me at this point.
only virgins think this sex isnt even great its more normie goyslop smoke weed or do drugs.
Maybe not sex, but having a female around, hearing her female voice, I know I like females because I've seen them in real life and I like looking at them, so I want one to talk to and give me company.
And I already did every drug on earth, I think they're boring, I even quit alcohol.
he thinks females are pleasant to be around 
lol. it always makes me laugh when people act like theyre going to get some trad goddess. no all women are trashy whores.
Ok, so the solution is to stay alone and die alone because women aren't pleasant to be around.
one way or another the answer is always going to be drugs. thats why jews ban them they dont want goy happy.
massive cope. theres a reason sex is the most chased things by nonvirgins. they spend trillions of dollars and billions of hours every year obsessively chasing it, ten thousand times as much as incels do. simple as.
you are 90 years old trying to type like you're hip and young you deluded retarded horror story life geriatric retard. get a grip and touch grass.
Druggie retard talk for frying your brain with mind altering substances until you're too numbed to care.
Oh hey, someone agreeable for once. Yeah I know some pleasant girls, also some of my friends seem to have nice gfs and seem genuinely better for it. Can't be that bad.
Do you have something to die for yet?
