why are sex havers allowed here now? back in the day if anyone admitted to having sex they would be flamed to hell. 
now every single day there is more normie sex havers and no one says anything. where did my frens go.
this board is mostly women and the simps they've accumulated these days.
h-how did that happen
Back in the day, this place was /b/-lite with lots of sex havers. Then it was overrun with >tfw no gf which lead to its deletion. When it came back, Anons took it to the next level with the full incel "movement" and blackpills which lead up to some of those mass shootings.
It was over for your "frens" the moment this place made it on the news and people became interested in this hell hole.
women found out that there are 1 or 2 tall handsome guys here among all the ugly guys and that they were single, and that no women had targeted this niche of lonely guys to use and exploit before so they came here and got lots of simp orbiters to exploit while sifting through them for the 1 or 2 tall handsome guys to have sex with.
Honestly /r9k/ and /b/ look almost same to me.
it was founded originally as an incel board but normies like >>73182684 drove out the incels and killed the board. when it was brought back it was raided by women to find simps and fuck buddies
/b/ has dumber trolls. /r9k/ has some weird Spy vs. Spy shit going on.
women dont even need tall men. zoomer women are mentally ill whores and enjoy having 80 ugly dudes worshipping them. 
yeah fuck this place. they need a blue random board.
Back in the day /r9kl was just /b/ life, we talked about random shit and this board wasn't some haven for robots .
incel culture is insanely important
Isn't that [s4s], but just blue in spirit?
Oh hey, there's someone else that knows it's shit
I dont remember any of that. Ive been having sex since 2013 and its still fun to post here
blast yourself normie newfag
Please, regale me with what you remember of original 2008-era /r9k/ because I can go hunt my old hard drive for some ancient screenshots and old gentlemen memes. I can guarantee you that it was a lot of things (specifically cringey as fuck) but not filled with incels or lamenting about >tfw no girlfriend.
It took about 4-5 years to devolve into that.
i miss tfw no gf r9k so fucking much
im not going to read your posts champ, sorry. just not going to. i know, i knooooow, but im just not. sorry squirt.
there's a new wave of incelibacy so now there's a lot of fakecels that arent virgins but havent gotten laid in years. we belong here. period. 
cyborgs make the best threads. seethe
Future bro predicted quantum internet in like a decade
More sexhavers than us incels :(
I never had sex, but I touched a pussy once. That was over 10 years ago, and now I'm in my mid 30s
My personal favorite era of /r9k/ was when it was still a blend of the ridiculous greentext and >tfw no girlfriend. I always liked the variety back then. I don't miss the gay ass role playing threads, but I'd take that over all the recent trans shit.
I think the most surreal thing I've ever seen here was an anon proposing to his girlfriend back in the original days. It's just a huge juxtaposition of what this place became.
reminder that sushi anon retard? constantly uploading him having sex with foids that i think were prostitutes.
remember * fuck
/b/ is middle-aged men jerking it to college-aged women. /r9k/ is men in their early 20's jerking it to milfs.
Vaguely. I remember Future Bro much more vividly >>73182834
Thank fucking God, someone finally acknowledges that he exists. I'd swear that I hopped from another timeline myself if I didn't have the thread archives.
Blast what. Its easy to have sex. We used to hate reddit incels
