There was no fucking honey in the house so i had to eat processed sugar to fill the carb crave
If you have any mental illness you should "AVOID" Carbs!!!
Yes, the cause of mental illness is le carbs and not years of rejection and abuse and parents, siblings, peers and girls
i don't like honey but i like cheese, so i ate some cheese today. it was nice.
Nope it's carbs
If you have any mental illness you should "AVOID" advice from 4chan
does that mean that you should accept 4chan advice if you are mentally sound?
I stole some honey packets from my wagie job the other night and when I got home I drank beer and ate homemade bread dipped in honey till 3 am
winny the pooh ass nigga
does that mean that you should accept 4chan advice if you are mentally sound?
Yes. But you have to accept it in the ass and it should be shaped as a penis
""Touche !!""
You win this round
Grains and vegetables will make you feel like shit, but not mentally ill
There is a new link that Carbs are causing mental illness in people, but you wont here from it just yet, remember this thread and when it all comes out you will be like, "well shit, I don't believe it"
If you know people who suffer, get the to eliminate carbs for 3 month, then if you see a difference, you have hit the nail on the head
Just ignore me today but remember this
i don't think anything will really fit in my ass, especially if it's something like a penis, unless it's really small. i tried putting things like pens in it but it felt really tight and uncomfortable. sometimes it even bleeds after pooping. i think i just have a really tiny poophole.
"Hear god dammit" 
I need to proof read I give up ignore me
There is a new link that Carbs are causing mental illness
Post a pic of yourself. I wanna see what a typical 4chan retard looks like
Cheese is nice
I don't get to eat it besides pizza but it's nice i guess
Ur asshole was probably traumatized when you were a kid
is there a pizza that doesn't have any cheese on it?
Focaccia?
yeah, i think you're right. i kinda vaguely remember my uncle raping me when i was like 4 or 5. i hope it felt nice for him.
it looks like it's just bread. is it even a pizza when it's just bread?
vaguely remember my uncle raping me
Typical wh*tes
I don't know the name for a food that's basically cheeseless pizza, focaccia just seemed like the closest thing
i like the name anyway even if it's not a pizza, it sounds nice.
I remember one day when I wanted to eat waffles we didn't have any syrup so I used honey and it tastes yucky, never again.
I guess natural food and processed food just don't go together
used honey and it tastes yucky, never again
Next time try some of my cock honey
The side effects of having a pizza right now would be much less worse than this processed sugar paste i had instead of honey
Would be great if you dipped fruit instead of bread
Best type of carbs
