My libtard gf broke up with me and outed me as bisexual to my conservative family and friends. Why? Because I hate kikes and niggers and told them I love Hitler and don't believe in the Holocaust. It seemed like she didn't care and even found it amusing but I guess she "realized" I was sincere about it made me an awful evil person and "had to do something about it". Oh, she told everyone about my politics too.
She also told people we both used to hook up with her one guy friend. And now nobody will talk to me and all my work and all those years trying to become normal and undo my autistic virginal 4chanoid adolescence are all for nothing. I tried contacting some of my friends or people I know and they all ignored me or told me to kill myself. My life is literally over. Now I'm worried about getting expelled from grad school because she will try to cancel me. The humiliation and embarrassment is too much to bear and the weight is crushing me like a boulder. I may actually kill myself tonight. My social life and probably academic career are over.
Stacy behavior
told HER not told them
sorry typo
A wise tribal chief once told a stoy about a man who brought a snake into his tent. He gave it food and water and treated it well. One day the snake bit him. When he was dying he asked "why did you do that?". The snake answered "You knew that I am a snake".
Hahaha have fun faggot now the rightards hate you for being bi and the leftards hate you for being a nazi.
You deserved it
YGWYFD
You were voluntarily getting cucked.
You are also a stupid gay nigger
Sucks to suck, OP. If you were cool, you'd have family and friends who would trash the Jews with you.
Why does being bisexual mean I have to love shitskins, you dumb subhuman?
Get a boyfriend gay boy.
dumb of ass. you really thought she wouldnt use that politically contradictory information as blackmail?
lmao honestly; you handed someone napalm and got burnt. at least you dont have to go through the whole song and dance of being a closeted retard anymore, now you're just a retard.
I have zero desire to be in a relationship with another man since it just feels at most like sexualized friendship to me, so no.
It doesn't mean anything other than that you are a dumb subhuman, you cock-loving faggot.
Stay strong in your beliefs brother. I am not of your exact situation, but I have had girlfriends abandon me at the sincerity of my political beliefs that align with yours.
Life is meant to be a struggle and I've never gone through times as tough as these. But you are brave, you stood your ground and never be ashamed of that. I know its heart attack inducing and it hurts but you will make it. Keep up your studies and your strength. Keep your body healthy and strong
Why the fuck did you associate yourself with a liberal girl? Or any girl for that matter seeing as you are bisexual and women like to expose gay and bisexual niggas all the time
You should've kept you sexuality a secret if you were ever going to be intimate with a girl. Or you know, don't engage with any liberal woman while being a racist antisemite chud
Bro, bro, you are taking this WAY too seriously. The best approach is to just proceed forward as if nothing happened and she never said that stuff about you. You see, people don't really talk about it, but the consensus among most of humanity(including women) is that women lie their asses off constantly. This is especially true when it comes to her talking about an ex. By the time your 30, you will immediately disregard 99% of what a woman says as bullshit. Everyone does, it's just a reality. 
So, just live like she never said that because people just assume she's lying anyway.
Deserved you fucking cuck faggot. I hope you die
If you get expelled you can sue her
Why should anyone here care, you nazi normalshit?
Hitler would've sent you to a concentration camp, you faggot. God, do I hate these self hating gays. I am saying this sincerely, as a straight man, maybe leave straight shit to straight niggas, and focus on sucking dick or whatever you fags do
You know what to do. You pay her back with twice the damage. I wish you good luck.
1. the holohoax death camps weren't real
2. I agree homosexuality is bad and would live life as a straight person in a Nazi society
3. In NatSoc Germany one-time offenders were treated lightly and they tried to reintegrate people. Habitual/repeat offending was punished very harshly. That wouldn't be a problem for me.
most intelligent david irving reader
Niggers are the ones who are subhuman bitch
I always giggle at /pol/ retards who say this nonsense
No foids follow whatever big daddy society does it doesnt fucking matter what you think if society says its haram shes gonna think its haram. This is what /pol/cucks get for being women trusting tradcucks who think women are people and not subhuman animals who are only into themselves.
Get fucked Nazi.
Now your family knows that your literal ass is not virgin and that you bust it to tranny porn. Adolf would be proud. Cunt.
How can you be a literal nazi when you're gay? Hitler had his gay friends executed after he used them to get into power.
https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_of_the_Long_Knives
Real nazis would see you the same way you see kikes and niggers. Your gf was right and you were an idiot pickme faggot who thought nazis would like him.
OP isn't even straight enough for trannies. He literally got fucked by a man.
I'm a bi top though, I wouldn't let someone penetrate me
