Joe Bidens economy
learn how to cook fat faggot
Download the app and get $1 fries, you mong.
Enjoy eating mud, russian scum.
America's economy. It's been shit ever since they started selling the country to the Chinese. Your partisan bullshit is irrelevant. You actually think Joe Biden has control over the economy? Old fucker can barely keep his eyes open. Go look up "money masters" on YouTube to learn how the economy actually works so you don't keep embarrassing yourself.
t. morbid obese lv. 99
bwahahaha dumbass
I am in fact morbidly obese but my BF% is like 17% last I checked and I've lost 20lbs since last year. So, I will continue eating my weekly fast food. 
I just assume most people have one. I intend to convert back to a flip phone this year.
Shit was going up in price well before Joe Brandon came and single handedly raped the economy. Back about a decade ago, I'd grab a couple double cheeseburgers walking home from school, and I'd get them for a buck each. Now they cost like four fifty each. 
During that stretch of time, general inflation went up by a bit over 30% but my heckin double cheese burgers went up by like 350%, and most other stuff I used to get has gone up by well over 100%, sometimes 200%, too
Fast food has gone way up in price rather more than food in general, it seems
(Also its cheaper to just cook your own food)
Why does everyone on this board pretend to be skinny healthy models who never eat junk food
lmfao imagine having to use an app to eat fries
couldn't be me
same reason for any other posturing faggotry these idiots like to do: insecurity
Oh, nigger, did you want sauce with that?
Did you want cheese with that?
Holy fuck get ready for $80 meals on these bright ideas
No thanks niggers, I'll stick to McDonald's.
At least in this hectically inflated heretic economy, McDonalds' Golden Arches(TM) shine as a beacon of hope for the hungry, poor, needy and families alike.
Not only do you get a whopping serving, chock full of all the protein and nutrients a freakin' bodybuilder from muscle beach could ever need, but it's all packed into a convenient to-go packaging for you for a low, reasonable price.
Honestly, for all that shit you tried to scam us with from the grocery store? Easily 5-6 whole meals from McDonald's, and you don't have to mess with dishes, cooking, or anything else that could take up your precious time - nor will you have leftovers freakin' expire in the fridge and get moldy which is gross and makes dishes even harder. Just throw the dish out at that point. Oops, now it costs even more money to cook at home.
I'll stick to the mouth watering, tantalizing combination of the McDonald's brand McRib sandwich. You really can't beat that tangy barbecue sauce with silvered onions and a crisp pickle bite, except when you also shove piping hot, salted french fries in to that ethereally orgasmic bite, right before washing it down with an ice cold beverage. Might I recommend any of the fantastic array of Coca-Cola fountain beverages for you? A classic Coke is my go-to option for this meal, if not opting for the Dr. Pepper.
When every drink is only $1 as well, only a fool would not get the large size beverage.
Can't drink it all in the store? No problem. You've got a tote to carry on your drinking sensations. McDonald's FTW.
maggot?
I want food prices to go ever higher just to see the obese dysgenic human waste that has become accustomed to eating 10 cheeseburgers a day squirm about how hard done by they are and that they're entitled to the Amerilard lifestyle of excess consumption.
you're shitposting out of anger, but this part is a legitimate concern
Why not just go to Culver's? It's way better.
I unironically (what a stupid word) fucking love McDonald's, but their prices are getting ridiculous, and they're slow as fuck lately. I also don't love supporting another animal torture enterprise. 
Fuck though, I want like 3 big macs right now fuck. This realm truly belongs to Satan.
Anger? Shilling for culver's now?
Ha, is that how you newfags perceive text on the internet these days?
Look, zoombots, I'll school you up on the real deals.
Culver's has the fat crinkle fries that you might as well buy from the freezer section of your local Walmart, Ore-Ida brand. You can get a whole freakin bag of those to oven bake as much as they charge you for a small cup.
The only thing culver's has that's good is the milkshakes. But everything is overpriced there.
No no no, you got this game all wrong.
It's Mcdonald's you want to go to on a budget for high quality, high protein intake. 
Might I recommend you fine gentlemen the Hot-N-Spicy McChicken option?
For merely $2 you can get a hearty, filling meal, super fast compared to culver's which is notorious for being slow, short staffed, and questionably placed on the health inspector's watchlist because the smaller chains simply cannot compete with the health and quality standards of the giant corporate McDonald's.
McDonald's is the major player for many reasons.
No need to pledge your fealty to a lesser fast food franchise when the Golden Arches is open 24 hours.
Why would you even think to eat anywhere else in today's economy?
This
goyslopers literally deserve to be forced to eat salad
This has to be pasta, it's way too good for the average shitposting dilettante to produce these days. 
I actually threw McRib away the one time I tried it; I had a proper Double Quarter Pounder and a large coke, and then took a few bites of the coveted fucking shitMcRib; lo and behold: it was terrible, absolutely disgusting shit. I forgot to just chop it up and give it to my dogs, but they probably deserve better than that absolute travesty. 
McNuggets. QPs. DQPs. Big Macs. Stick to the classics, my fellow goyslop patricians.
Enjoy your three extra years of diaper-shitting; me? I'm gonna take the 20 piece.
sucks to be a retard i eat pretty cheap by cooking
: /r9k/ is an imageboard where there are no exact reposts.
There was a time, long ago, when this board wasn't full of political tourists, reditors, jews from the ADL, poltards, and zoomers who have no idea what the internet was like when this board was unlisted.
Now we have 30+ year olds who think themselves oldfags, despite showing up after 2010, 2015, or other iterations of degeneration to this websites' culture.
Instead of unique posts and original threads, this board has become reposts of the same orientations because the faggot tourists who will never be robots cling to common threads like r9gay, mbti, drugfeel, among other memes that keep being reposted.
Now you come in, a faggot who wants to talk shit on the McRib and thinks big post must be pasta on r9k of all places.
Enjoy the history lesson and carry on the legacy if you fucking can.
What a riveting tale, anon, I'm sure convinced now
what if i came here in the 2000s was normal for a couple years and came back in 2015
A question for the mirror, not for here
Only you will know the truth if you've seen it
Shut the fuck up. I can promise you I've been here longer, and I'm not going to entertain your obnoxious babyshit. I don't give a fuck about your imagined legacy of anonymous forum posts, retard. 
But, the McRib is complete fucking trash, and that is by far the most offensive thing you have said here.
try not eating meat faggot
They have free fries here if you buy at least $2 worth of shit. 2 cheeseburgers and large fries is pretty good poverty calories to keep you chugging along
Your promises are empty and meaningless.
You are the babyshit here, son.
Before my post you didn't know this board was once unlisted, for instance.
Before then? You didn't know of 4chan at all.
You were a reditor in high school and your post spacing reeks of it.
The only thing compelling you to read my post, and further respond in such a negative nancy manner, was me baiting you with spaces which you did not call me out for as a true exalted member of 4chan would persecute immediately upon exposure to.
Fucking chinese nigger bug brain you've got here, lad.
shit opinion discarded
I remember when the app had Free Fries everyday with any purchase. I would always get a $1 large drink with it. The drinks are now $1.39.
If you have an Android just install the DuckDuckGo tracking blocker. That way you get deals without comprising your data. Not that it matters, because you're worthless.
Culver's onion rings are incredible and for a large order they give you a massive to go box full of them. McDonald's can't compete with their burgers at all either.
McDonald's doesn't have onions rings.
Are you european or something? Perhaps they have it there.
Which, btw, in Germany, the McRib is available year-round.
Imagine a hearty Oktoberfest Das Boot ale, followed by a trip for some McRibs.
My mouth is watering.
There's already onions on the McRib, and you get potato french fries with it. Way more nutritious, filling, and satisfying than eating fried onions.
fuck no, that shit is the reason why i always eat at bk or arby's
Freddies > culvers > wataburger > Five guys (overpriced but I pretty much just eat the fries and get a small burger) > wendys > burger king > NuMcdonalds and their shit fries > shake shack (and their 12 hour lines for an overpriced okay burger that you can get from a place that isnt a shitty fast food chain), in n out and their shitty "fresh" french fries
the mcrib is so fucking trash
literally the knock off mcrib they use for the Lunches at public school is better tasting
I flashed some version of Lineage a gorillion years ago to de-google my device, I'm hoping to get a pinephone at some point
anything on the play store is a no-go. I wouldn't trust anything form there anyway because blocking ads and trackers in a desktop web browser is hard enough, and it's far more difficult and convoluted on mobile. I assume anything that's an app has a privacy policy of "we will spy on everything we possibly can through our foothold on your device, and you consent to us using anything we get for any advertising purpose we want, and we can sell it to anyone we choose". so basically I refuse to use anything that's an app.
Not sure what you're asking me.
Get the fuck out of here asshole. I hate you so much right now and I am struggling to forgive you for this post and it will take me time to get over this sentiment you hold despite it likely not being of your own regard and possibly just posted as a means to invoke rage within me but fuck you and your shit opinion you piece of shit, your taste buds are so lackluster and stupid they even convinced your meager brain to type all that nonsense. If you love school food so much why don't you just fucking go back in time and eat that for the rest of your meals then asshole.
You can get a 10 lb bag of potatoes for almost that much.
83460
That's how obese mafia works.
I work at mcdicks and have the app and was gonna post the same thing. Also the 5 doallr 20 piece is a good deal too. And the ten piece has been free with a $1 purchase.
Me again. I heard a rumour that we're gonna start cooking onions Into the 10:1 patties soon
Do Muricans really?
Apparently you've never ate out a salty af pussy
He works at mcdicks. He knows the secret to making it taste even better.
Holy fuck get ready for $80 meals on these bright ideas
Depends what you buy at the store. You can survive 2 weeks with $80-$100 of food compared to $100 worth of McDonald's.
Probably bait but enjoy your heart disease fatty.
hahaha you've got to be trolling, just get a giant tub of vegetable oil
Just say you can't cook, it's okay some people were never taught
Boomers who worked at McDonald's for 10-15 years are retiring Anon, Zoomers are too prideful to work at a fast food place so it's gonna be slow as fuck until robots take over
Also nice Rei
The best way is grab a nug out of the warmer and squirt some mac sauce on it and maybe a piece of cheese and a crinkle cut pickle then ogling my legal teen co-worker then cleaning lobby
100 would almost last me a month and that includes beer and cigarettes
I spend 100 on Friday nights just on cocktails
This.
America's elites have ratfucked and looted the economy beyond repair. They give tax breaks to the rich while printing money as fast as they can to then also give to the rich, while cutting services to the middle class and sending jobs to the third world.
Eventually there will come a breaking point where a new group arises. A group that goes beyond the right/left paradigm. And they will sort things out and they won't need votes to do it.
shitMcRib; lo and behold: it was terrible, absolutely disgusting shit.
The McRibs most likely stay in the tray for hours on end, that's why. It also uses a different kind of BBQ sauce that tastes like shit on it's own. Try ordering it fresh, without sauce, and ask for a bunch of BBQ packets, it tastes better with the dipping sauce instead. 
I can whistle blow you guys more McDonald's hacks if you want, I still remember working there and getting creative. I used the meat that's in the McBagles and put it between two mcGriddles and holy shit it tasted good.
That's actually insane Anon. I thought sprinkling the salt and pepper shit was enough but onions too? Gross, I hate slivered and diced onions. The diced onions come dry btw in a packet if you other anons didn't know, we put them in a container with water and let it absorb until the afternoon where the next shift uses it. 
Good stuff Anon. Enjoy your booze and cigs my man
LOL LMAO this is the most american thing i've ever read. "noooo i don't want to spend precious SHEKELS on food and being healthy! i'll just get the slave goyslop instead!!"
based and same, i get fresh local meat from the butcher 6-7 times per week and still end up below 300 bucks for food every month.
That deal no longer exists dude
You have never cooked in your life if you think you can replace olive oil with vegetable oil.
they're doing you a favor by pricing the goyslop out of your price range... go buy a 5lb bag of potatoes for for $3.99 on sale and you can make yourself 2 weeks worth of fries
Depends what you buy?
I just itemized a fucking simple list for you, dumbass.
Albeit: once you buy condiments / seasonings / oil, you get a few uses out of them.
Regardless, the startup costs are fucking through the roof right now.
You must take advantage of mommy's pantry still huh?
You won't get 2 weeks out of 80-100 bucks in America, you romanian niggers.
Also it's this faggot again who's been posting the same damn pictures for years.
I thought you killed yourself already you heroin junkie.
Not only did you disgrace this board with your presence, but you dare talk shit about McRibs?
Fuck you nigger, I forgot your name because I already considered you dead to this place.
This
Also 420 checked
Oh no no no no sweetie.
You call that cooking?
You must take advantage of mommy's pantry still huh?
Nah, I actually buy all the food in the house but go off
Where do you go food shopping? Walmart? ShopRite? And do you really believe that the kitchens in McDonald's are clean? Remember I used to work there and I can tell you first hand that they're not. Overtime your body will start slowing down and dying and I won't be there to help you.
McDonald's is better than everything you make.
No wonder you were fired for being incompetent and incapable of cleaning.
Don't worry about other consumers; you clearly haven't had to deal with the responsibility of adult grocery shopping your whole life.
Just 1 bag of freakin chicken tenders is already 9 dollars. That's only 1 or 2 meals. How the heck can you get an entire week of food for less than 9x7?
You can't.
Do you actually believe that McDonalds uses vegetable oil anon?
Shitposting aside, has anyone been able to come anywhere near the quality of a McDonald's triple cheeseburger at home? I've been told multiple times it's sawdust, msg, and salt. I have tried over and under mixing ground beef, varied up the amounts of salt, msg, and both. Still I can't quite capture the taste. I am able to stack the components correctly, so strictly technique wise I btfo the assembly done by -1sd from mean iq black employees they hire. And I don't stack the pickle slices. It's not a matter of skill at all. I have found good cheese. The onions are just onions. Something is different about their beef and it's not just a matter of adding salt and msg because I've tried every reasonable combination of salt and msg. They do something to it that I can't figure out what but everyone is LIEING to me about what it is that makes the McDonald's triple cheeseburger the best fast food burger ever created and I'm starting to get pissed off about it. I'm not going to use sawdust because I've emailed them and they said they don't use sawdust so I know that is false. I'm sick of paying almost $4 for a hamburger that should be under $2 but I don't know what else to try.
They do, which is why the fries aren't as good as they used to be. True McDonald's fries were made in tallow but now some dumbass Indian went and ruined it for everyone and made them switch to inferior and unhealthy vegetable oil.
I was gonna get a double quarter pounder (with extra patties, extra cheese, tomatoes, extra onions, double mayo, no pickles no ketchup) from McDonald's tonight while in town but the walk in area has closed at 10pm since covid but luckily my memaw gave me a whataburger giftcard for my 21st birthday but when I ordered my patty melt (with bacon, onion rings, and a large vanilla malt) she said the credit card server was down and I had to pay with cash. Then after that some roastie wagie took my table tag that I was gonna steal.
Why is everything, everywhere in the world, getting stupidly expensive. The experts said trippling our populations in the space of three decades would be good for the economy.
Quiet down goyim and eat the $25 combo
Pretty sure mcchicken costs like 5 bucks. Some people should not be trusted with money.
To be fair that's probably a full days calories.
Maybe go work at mcdonalds for a month just to get the insider scoop
you abhor truth
the mcrib is shit
traps are gay
clearly its you whos shit with it
I went to taco bell and got chips and cheese dip 1.99 I look at menu the bean burrito cost more than 2 dollars now.
Hold me, /r9k/. It's getting dark
Oy vey, why are the goyim so angry, they can get two burgers for only 55 shekels! I need to buy my fifth yacht goyim, eat the goyslop!
It's insane.
That's pretty much how much it costs in my 3rd world country.
Top kek. I am glad that burgerland now knows what it's like to have over-priced fast food.
Motherfuckers had it so cheap for so long, no wonder they are fat fucks.
Soon we will eat se bugs.
20 years ago, a supersize French fry was only $1.98
I was drunk when I made that post that said 100 would last me a month. Since I quit smoking I could probably live off $200 a month including beer.
Here's the fail. I brought home leftover cheese from mcdicks when I closed the other night. It is very bland. We also let it sit out for hours to "temper"
I think two mcchcikens are 4 dollars. Buy one, get one for a dollar
This is the culmination of many bad presidents, and most of all corrupt, bought-out congressmen and senators. Blaming the current president for everything is exactly what they want you to do, you fucking smoothbrain. What a convenient scapegoat. I'm not a fan of Biden either btw. He lost my vote when he blocked the railroad strike. I refuse to pick a lesser of two evils.
Just get a cheap smartphone at Walmart and only use it when you're on the go. It's useful to be able to use certain apps, and look shit up when out and about. Then just keep browsing mainly on your desktop as you do now.
Just get "Block This!". It blocks everything on apps and websites. You can get it on FDroid. I think it was on FDroid anyway; it may have been on Github.
I used to be fat, but over the last two years I've actually gotten myself into pretty good shape. It's not impossible.
Remember when they said we need trickle down economics?
Totally. Worked out great, lmao. My older poor family member bought into it at the time too.
Zoomers aren't too prideful, they pay like $12 ph depending on the location. You can't survive on that bullshit. Not to mention it's one of the worst jobs there is in terms of dreading going to work and advancement opportunity. Even the managers struggle to clear $20 ph. I'm glad that the zoomers aren't putting up with shitty wages. The fat cats need to take a pay cut to pay their fucking workers.
Get two cheesy bean and rice burritos. It's 880 calories, and you pay $3 and some change for a full meal that fills you up.
they'll just automate the jobs instead
So who's gonna buy the products when society is jobless and broke? The robots?
Good. Then let them do that, and then there will be enough unemployed people to demand UBI. What happens when 30% of people are unemployed and can't get jobs. Surely they'll just voice their displeasure with the current situation.These rich fucks have been screwing us extra hard for years. There will come a breaking point. I hope that things can get resolved before that happens; but my gut says no.
Every society has failed and we're about there
They're only failing because we're letting the rich rape us. It could all be turned around.
STOP PAYING for fast food. Go to the DRIVE THRU and tell them that THEY FORGOT the stuff in your BAG WHEN you were up there for lunch. IF YOU do this, you will get FREE FOOD, but make sure not to DO THIS to the same location in under A MONTH.
Is love to hear your fix
God bless America
*I'd
Fuck autocorrect
Ban gerrymandering, make corporations not legally people, ban super PACs, and mandate guaranteed employment/basic income and housing.
And what army is gonna help you do this?
I may have missed some things, but that's a good start.
Box of pasta $3
That's more than one meal worth of pasta, more like $2.50
$8 because all they stock is himalayan pink grinders
This has to be a troll. Where are you shopping?
Nah just use beans. 99 cents per can. 
Also nigger, you can use these ingredients for more than one meal. 4 dollar pepper grinder will last you months.
Ok. And you're gonna do all this with magic or???
As they should, McDonald's is the most easiest and unskillful jobs out there. Immigrants who can't speak a lick of English can do it, that's why the pay is so shit.
If living conditions get bad enough most people will start to become very politically involved. Obviously I can't make it happen; but it's what I think needs to happen.
Every full time job should pay a living wage. Skilled jobs should pay more. Do you really think that someone should be working a full time job and not be able to afford an apartment, electricity, gas, and have savings?
LMAO.
I've worked construction jobs easier than fast food you fucking moron
Don't make me fucking laugh man. McDonald's labor is nothing compared to breaking concrete in the hot sun for 16 hours a day.
Ahh, I wish I could be this naive again. Good times.
How is it naive. Obviously corporation don't want to do it; but that's how it should be. It was like that in the past. It can happen again.
Who breaks concrete by hand in 2023 u delusional fucking retard?
Won't happen, the country is too divided to do shit about anything.
They also think the political binaries matter still (like Republican vs Democrat or Conservative vs Liberals, etc etc).
Even if we all unite and do kumbiyah by the campfire drinking mojitos and suckling each other's tits to protest, fact is the government could just steamroll us with a tank or blast us with a helicopter at that point, as we are just cattle for the slaughter.
Don't even get me started on how we don't have the munitions, how every other American is just a selfish hoarder who won't help their brethren in battle, or all other fucking rants I can't fit under 2000 words.
They would never do that, because it would lead to guerilla warfare. Normal people would support the guerillas too. Imagine Iraq, but in America. It would be impossible to win.
You know zoomers not putting up with wages just means boomers will have to ship in another crate of 3rd worlders to do the job not make Mcdonald bankrupt or raise their wages or something.
They will just ship another crate of 3rd worlders and thats a good thing.
Thank you for supporting diversity, zoomer.
Who breaks concrete by hand
You're either a special kind of stupid or just fuckin' with me 
Not anymore, with the abundance of llegal immishits in the US (the country I live in, not sure about you btw) taking up all the minimum wagie jobs
Whatever. It's better for the country to get fucked up by third worlders than to accept borderline slavery and live in fear.
They would never do that, 
LMAO
Lmfaoooooooooooooooooooo
What country do you live in?
What happens when 30% of people are unemployed and can't get jobs
They starve/freeze to death on the street
And their voices will be ignored/silenced like they have been for the last 1000 years.
Elaborate, retard. You know, the government has think tanks that study scenarios like this, and they've all come to the conclusion that the US would fall apart in that type of situation. This isn't thirdworldistan where everyone can just throw rocks and cower.
No thanks
No. Things will get violent. The reason that people's voices are ignored is because there are so few of them. That many people can not be ignored, or they will take what they need by force.
The normal people of 2023 that believe goverment is god and if you break the law you deserve the death sentance even if it was something like shoplifting?
The normal people who dont actually think they just repeat whatever their favorite TV station said?(on both sides)
The normal people that watch a woman get raped on the seat next to them and dont do anything about it not even bother to call 911 because they dont want to be involved they just want to ger to work asap so they arent late?
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/10/17/us/riders-watched-woman-raped-septa.html
These normal people you are hoping are going to start a violent revolution and give their lives to overthrow the goverment?
You're dellusional.
No they wont and you know it.
If there was no revolution after goverment locked down the entire country for 2 year during covid there wont be a revolution ever.
Here's what happened last time
You guys have been demoralized and it shows. I don't think that I can change your mind, so we'll just agree to disagree, and I guess we'll see who's right in the future.
Holy shit, that's wild! So much for transitory inflation...
We have already seen who was right during the covid lockdown.
The covid lockdown was important for the first few months, and 30% of people weren't starving in the streets. It's a completely different thing.
The covid lockdown was important for the first few months
No it wasnt.
Also what about the other 2 years after those "important" months when people had to burn through their savings,close down their businesses and go bankrupt because goverment said you cant work for 2 years. 
Do it for the [s]Walmart[/s] grandma, Chud.
20% of people are homeless and starving in the streets right now.
Look it up.
I legit don't even remember the last time I ate McDonald's. 2015?? When I was on a road trip ,maybe.
Conservative whiners are up in arms about "election stealing," yet gerrymandering. It seems everyone is saying the same thing, just in different ways.
As for the army, I have my supporters.
