The realistic sentient sexbots arent coming, lads. They lied to us.
You've got to DIY. I hope you're ready to read 16th century alchemical treatises.
sex dolls actually look decent. i had sex before and flashlights feel exactly the fucking same except fleshlights can get tighter than real women.
Do you have ANY idea how much data I'd have to collect to make you a sentient sex bot?
And if I did, you couldn't afford it,
nothing good is happening in our lifetime bud
Bruh, you have no clue how this shit works. You've got to hit the books. Read Agrippa.
Even if they come we won't be allowed to have them. They'll be denied to us.
Lol shut up Elon fuck off
She doesn't need to be sentient, a sexbot literally just greeting you when you come home from work is more than enough. If she can moan during sex even better.
Who said anything about it being female?
Because it's the norm. Malebots or gaybots are retarded and wouldn't even be lucrative.
You can fuck off now if you're a female. But if you're a tranny, delete yourself instead.
There's something called fucking prostitutes until then
malebots wouldnt be lucrative
Yes they would. Modern men are dogshit. Fuck off scrote.
Delusional
If you seriously think that women would buy sexbots you're completely retarded. Sexbots exist for a very specific reason and it's certainly not for females.
b-but I'd and I'm a female
Even if I were to humor you on this, you're probably just a fucking landwhale. And EVEN THEN, you still can get real men to fuck you. You're just complete batshit insane or extremely misandrist. Probably both.
you can get sex
Nonpleasurable one or like once in three months? Yeah sure. Not what I want. I want a chad at my disposal whenever I want sex, and hidden in a wardrobe whenever I dont.
Yeah sure.
Thanks for proving the point.
Staying awake for maybe 10 minutes longer. Ask away while you can
You wouldn't need to collect much data, just use your mother as the model
The asian has more forward frowth00psj
