Mae I wanted us to talk, it should have never happened I was mad when you wanted to give cookies to some random guy, I asked you to introduce me to your friend and that they knew we were dating I decided to trust you that it was fine. But for some reason you were having a bad day and we didn't get to talk about it because this person you thought was a friend was just an evil snake trying to destroy our relationship. 
You were supposed to move in with me I still have everything I bought for your room. That snake picked you up from your home and hurt you, hurt us. since the last day I saw you I only tried to just talk to you. I never once did anything creepy like stalking and shit I knocked on your door to try and talk. I came by your house and texted and called you for a few minutes every other day just asking you to come out so we could make up. 
I went to the snakes house and simply asked if you were there and I was treated like shit by these people I didn't know that is truly evil. I've tried my hardest to find you so we could speak and make up and have our happiness. 
There is no love without trials like this I think and fighting for what we have the burning love that was inside of us for eachother is all I cared about. I'm looking and searching and doing everything I can to keep the promises I made to you. I'm trying to keep you safe even from the people on here that pretend to be your friends or are deceiving you to get in your pants, it's disgusting what people here will do and say just to exploit and destroy people's relationships.
I only wanted us to have fun and I wanted to make you happy again. I still don't understand why you were having a bad day and what happened. We never talked. I feel as if one of these snakes pretended they were me and said things just to hurt us more. 
I miss you and love you. Please find me
I am your sweet limes. Remember that day you cried in my arms and said that. That you didn't deserve me. But you're what I looked for
i was just thinking about you brah
take your meds, you mentally ill incel
Hey its meaghan. Youre ugly.
You're not Meaghan 
I am probably one of the most sane people here desu
I don't even need meds because all I have is depression..
If Meaghan ever truly responds to me she needs to come to discord and talk to me over that so I can know she's actually who is going to respond but I know she's never once responded to me all year.
limes#7658
bro you have to be trolling. you post ur face 1-2 times a day crying over a girl you met on the internet a year ago still hoping she comes back. you invited a neo nazi girl to move in your house with you. youve been arrested multiple times. how the fuck are you sane?
You molested a 15 year old.
this guy molested me on discord 2 years ago
Our relationship was never about looks she's not even an attractive woman and knew it although most people seem to think I'm attractive when they meet me I've never seen it either I blew up from stress and depression for a short period.. things happen like that with extreme depression anxiety and pain that was inflicted by terrible people. I was just always helping people.
That year where I got arrested was the only time in my entire life that I've ever had such problems with any law enforcement.. they truly hate people that stay in states they didn't live in and I'm guessing that's why there was so much trouble with bs that should've never happened
I did not ever molest anyone I had one gf that was 15 like 10 years ago and you losers are obsessed with her and have made up things aboit me every day since then
I just want Meaghan to talk to me and come back we have so much time to make up and I keep my promises
Kill yourself pedo, stop taking advantage of high schoolers.
I've always been a loner so I don't really understand my own feelings but the one thing I feel like I finally understood was that you and me were going to do such great things. I'm bad at communicating with people in the first place all of this is overwhelming and I just want to be able to talk I never wanted this to happen. That why I sometimes asked you questions about stuff.. I hope my words can get through to you somehow
It was refreshing yesterday to see one person that understood me. I know I'm doing everything I should be for you and our love 
Man I was barely out of high-school myself back then I swear everyone who responds to me is retarded
That doesn't mean you're allowed to date freshman/sophomores you ugly ass faggot.
im john's niece and he fucks me every day
I don't know if the letter I sent through the mail got to you. I'll keep trying all of this should've never happened. I don't know why people had to do this and did so much to hurt you and me. I'm sorry this ever happened
i know you guys clown on john a lot but his situation is a truly sad one. if youd experienced a warm love after such a long period of coldness then had it abruptly pulled out from under you with no closure you'd become aimless and desperate as well. at least he's posting his pleas on 4chan and not stalking her irl. he just wants to give her the chance to come back to him or at least to talk. it's sad.
dont buy it broddie he is pretending he didnt do anything with these posts
grfuig sgfi jsigfojsg g jsiogjs
You keep accusing me of doing something no one can ever say what I did. All anyone ever says is lies about me being a pedo and things it's annoying. I've been in such pain without Meaghan and knowing her for so long none of this should've ever happened I don't need this. I have a responsibility to do something because it's our love
There was only one other person I gave so much shit about in my life who I tried to do something but they kept going away and I would find them in random places online without saying anything to them they were always unhappy with things in life and ended up killing themselves I really cared about them but I could never do anything
brooooo you fucked alicia she was like 15 or 16 yrs old it was just last year stop lyinnnnnnnnnn
I have no idea who you are on about I was with meaghan still all last year I was trying for year since that day and I haven't cared or done anything with anyone since the only person I had sex with was Meaghan
I just want the happiness and love we had and our memories to forever be cherished and to have new ones together
yea u were with meaghan at that time thats the thing thats why she dumped yo fat ass
That didn't happened and you're again making things up, also I'm not fat sorry to ruin your weird feeder fantasy.
Just let my message get through to meaghan. My hopes and prayers and love get through. Things should be different and we should have been talking about so much together by now
Good things should be possible we should have our love for eachother. I know thst love is eternal in doing everything I can I hope you can see it too. I don't know what else to do I know you'll find me. 
I want that happiness and love I am greedy because I love its the only thing that set me on fire, I am so tired
Find me
I never wanted to have this happen but I want everything we did and told eachother to be worth something and it would be if we just talked.. if we could reconnect now we could probably do anything I don't think after all this we could ever be hurt again. I love you
I don't want to feel terrible like this anymore
I know you're here
Do you know what's really important is the feelings that we have for eachother even when things are hard we should always keep eachother in mind and resolve things together I'm not giving up on love 
I don't know why you havent talked to me
I don't think anything was bad between us even if you felt a little lonely sometimes because we couldn't always see eachother yet. We were getting there
I hate missing you so much I just want to hold in my arms I want to feel warmth I hope you are safe at home with your aunts and cousins I hope my letters get through to you 
I hope you cared and could recognize what this is and how much it always meant
I want to feel ok again
I don't want to keep hurting 
Just going on for you has been so much of a trial for this love
I'm waiting to talk 
Reach me
John you know we don't believe your LARP that you got arrested just for asking where your girlfriend was. You know what you did and you are purposely covering it up. Why? What did you do to the snake?
Weird ass cringe faggot trying to constantly use shitty photos that don't represent me at all. No mugshot makes anyone look the way they actually look irl especially since everything you post is old or from a time where my weight ballooned during the most depressed time in my life which is weird sometimes I'll either overeat from depression or lose all my appetite and lose it all but I've only ever been fat for a short period in life
I never said any of that. I was arrested for boring traffic tickets
nigga your face occupies 90% of the picture you fat ass
The pictures aren't accurate in any way. People that know me irl have all told me none of my actual unedited mugshots look like me they all look weird as fuck but that's just how jails do things I guess. Fucking weird ass fucks shouldn't even have ever known mu name on the first place and now I'm stuck dealing with idiots who don't know me doing this dumb shit and think that's actually me
thats you john no one thinks you arent a fattie you dont even have friends
You're really dumb if that's me I look nothing like any of these stupid things you post Meaghan knows me and knows that wasnt accurate or anything too you're just a sad person trying to feel better about yourself
I literally post pictures of myself and it never looks like that very funny how you can just continue to pretend all of these things and larp everytime like you know a damn thing
I'm just looking for her and my happiness
Even if Meaghan actually told him she's not interested and to stop making these threads he still wouldn't stop, because he's only making these posts to get attention from a new girl
And it's working too, a girl seemed interested yesterday
Would you date her John? Or give her a chance at least? Not even asking maliciously just genuinely curious
I've only been trying to talk to meaghan for this long because I love her just having her say something like that and dissappearing isn't what I'm asking from her. I'm asking to talk about things but she's never once responded to me only trolls.
I don't know I don't know who that is its probably another weird troll for all I know. I want to talk to meaghan. If they wanted to id at the least talk to them but I don't know anything about this person
I'm not making these threads for attention from someone else though I really love her and we could've been talking this whole time even if it takes her time really think about everything and realize what our love really means I've been trying for her
has it occurred to you that she didn't feel the same way and perhaps she was just saying those things without really knowing what love means, realized she didn't want this relationship anymore, and broke it off suddenly after utilizing your trust one last time (classic woman move)
She literally cucked him and made him buy cookies for theguy that banged her lmao
He was being used for money by meaghan too some guy posted a pic last year where she made him give her 400$ to apologize for being in jail lmao, limes is a disabled toothless pedophile
That's not what happened
No she truly meant it, I've seen what people do when they're faking shit I learned what bullshit was from evil women she felt very real about it that was obvious. I don't know what made all of this happen I don't know anything but I am so tired of all these lonely days I've spent where I'm giving everything for her and trying so much I don't know what she's doing now or the situation she's stuck in. 
That never happened either she never wanted money or anything from me it was all real love
I tried to send her money once and she sent it back to me she was never exploiting me for anything
I must find that thread. Any clies for archive hunting?
It had something to do with simon. The woman who shared it with him was trying to tell limes he was being used for money. Cant remember her name. Hey if you got a discord ive got other shit to share too, nbd if youd rather not post it here though lmao i wouldnt want this retarded freak sending me reqs
Why do you assume she's stuck in a situation? She intentionally left you and is probably much happier now that she doesn't have to deal with your gay crybaby shit anymore. Histrionic ass mfer
You don't know a damn thing and I'm not sharing more, she definitely wouldn't be happier now that's for sure I'm only here doing any of this now for her and her alone
You don't know a damn thing either and ur literally trying to stalk me weird as fuck you don't know anything at all. 
I'm just here trying to reach her
Getting attacked by autists daily is dumb I just need to reach Meaghan 
Fuck off
hey shes been hiding on discord i dont think shes gonna make the move to talk to you you'll have to add her first. don't say i posted her contact on r9k good luck man
Fix your teeth, pedo.
Keep assuming anything there's nothing wrong with my teeth and I've never been a pedo kys, I'm here for meaghan I'm so tired of this bullshit
Hurr durrr having a year where I had no insurance right after the fake plastic they put as a "fix" to teeth fell off is so dumb and pointless anyway it literally never mattered and it only upsets normies because I'm not conforming to some retard fake perfect teeth standard they think Is real when in reality every one seems to have tooth problems at some point. Getting rammed by an angry deer during a night where I was walking home is hardly the kind of thing to be ashamed about when I only lost a part of tooth that didn't matter. Lame insult desu
I hope you find her, you seem like a nice guy.
I hope I find her thanks
I'm terrified that this could be so hopeless and that my entire life just coupd ever matter so little to some one that cared so much who I wanted to and did so much for that I wasn't even able to show her everything. I have so much love for her I don't think anyone would ever want to be around me when even she isn't coming to talk to me. Why is love so hard and painful. 
If I could just find her
And talk and make up and never feel like this again. I just wanted to be happy with the person who loved me
There's nothing in the world worth being alive for when I can't keep the one thing that's important to me ;_;
meow meow :33
Why are meowing at me cat person...
Justice would be finding her and reuniting tired of all of this. My head hurts I just want to lay down
LIMES MY NIGGA. It's the ancient sumerian from Unfetter. You and Mae got together? Lucky guy. I heard she got a new boyfriend after she stopped taking to me
Not that mae but I did used to date her awhile ago.. except she was evil and did mean things before we ever got to meet irl before she she moved... back then even that mae said she would move in with me since I lived where I did but yeah she used to be very evil and hurtful
That sounds rough. Unfetter was deleted cause Toxo left. Crazy to see you here. Kinda strange to see guys you know lurk on discord over here. I don't remember Mae being too mean. She was nice and I made her cry a few too many times.
They're just one of the people that hurt me tho like the other evil foids that deceived me and did terrible things but i never cared for them after
this girl I loved was so genuinely good to me and in love and I don't know what even caused this, I was trying and trying so this would never happen and so she could move in as soon as she was ready, we had a wedding date set and even when it was hard to talk cus of how she can be I did my best to try and understand.. I just want to talk to her
I miss feeling good and having so much meaning in everything I did with her even just the small gifts she would give me. I still hold them and pray to speak to her
I am so fucking tired of seeing this niggers face. FUCKING STOP POSTING.
I'll stop when she talks to me somehow this has to end things need to change I can't go on like this I've been trying everything for so long for this
Maybe the 100th suicide plan will be him finally following through instead of pussying out again
hi john. you seem to be a little more sad than usual today. im sorry to see that but i hope you still managed to have an okay day regardless!
faggot
t. Some autistic anon after dating a girl for a few weeks.
It was for over a year not a few weeks...
I wish I could have a nice day but not today either. I really wish I knew what I could be doing more I am completely abandoned by every single person that I've ever cared about including my own family since they abused and kicked me out the second they legally could. 
I had her I had someone who actually loved me and I tried everything but she still isn't responding I did try not to mess anything up she always called uerself a failure at everything because of her autism. But I feel so shitty like I've failed everything even after doing the best I could for her I'm here suffering alone. I'm so tired of this loneliness and my empty bed and home that was supposed to be ours
I have never seen something more delusional in my life. This kind of shit is why faceposting shouldn't be allowed on popular boards
I'm not delusional at all pal, I just really love her a lot blame me for a board that been shit for years I don't care. She's browsing here and maybe she can finally talk to me
I think meaghan has showed up in the other thread about you bro
Yeah I doubt it it's probably the same troll who made that thread
Who is this man? He looks like me
It's me limes I probably don't look like you at all
No dude. You're not fooling anyone. She's never gonna see this on this board. You want sympathetic reddit and Twitter users who are scouring this board for content to find this thread and feel bad for you and post this on all their accounts where it becomes a post that gets thrown around on every social media platform for a few weeks and it's most likely to reach her. She's cut you off everywhere except for fucking 4CHAN and now you're sitting here crying over how you regret losing her. I can't even fathom being so desperate not to learn from your own mistakes. She's never coming back. You blew it man.
Plug yourself dude, I want to follow your drama closely
I know that guy and yes you do, you could be brothers
pic related
I don't look anything like chrischan nigger kike this entire has been shit, 
Theres other ways I'm sure but I do actually want to reach her, she's a reclusive neet so there's only so much I can do I'm trying my best and I know it takes time I know she can take time to come back out from things... I've been patient waiting and leaving my notes to here for the past year if that's what it takes
Room for one more? We could all be triplets!
Ok anyway I hope I can have happiness and stuff, I just want to know that good people exist and that people don't have to be shitty and abandon the ones they care about
Uhhh why do you look like Chris Chan's twin brother
