be me at the bank
representative is a woman
i look at her
she looks at me
i know she's there because she sucks dick
she knows i know why she's there
i know she knows i know why she's there
handle my business and leave
what is this eternal meme of women in serious business positions?
Not our fault the jews decided to eliminate stay at home moms. I have to work to keep a roof over my head, I promise I hate the necessity of women working more than you do
Women have always worked, the "every woman used to be a SAHM" is a tradcon revisionist myth. The only women who were SAHMs were elite wealthy women. The average commoner woman has worked for thousands of years, usually in things like selling goods for their husband's craft, making textiles/weaving, domestic servant/cleaning work for the wealthy, agricultural work, factory work, etc
i know she's there because she sucks dick
wat
idk where you're from. women in europe that didn't live in a farm before and shortly after ww2 never had to work a day in their life. but good larp.
After WWII most saw a wealth increase
A huge portion of euro women were factory workers until WWI, and prior to that were most frequently domestic servants to wealthier people or textile producers.
No woman in my family has been a stay at home mother, they all worked in the cotton mills.
Not our fault the jews decided to eliminate stay at home moms
1 in 3 mothers with school-age children are SAHMs, you moron. More now than in 2000.
The percenatge of women with school-age kids who stay home has been going UP for 25 years.
In the 1840s, in Lancashire alone, a survey of 412 cotton factories found that just over half of the 116,300 workers were female.
cotton pickers are people
next you'll be telling us that blacks should vote...
There are competent women, anon. I have worked for ones that aren't and ones that are.
And no offense, but NOBODY is sucking dick to be CSR or teller at a fucking bank that's an entry level position that pretty much anyone could get. She probably got it because she is polite to people in a service setting.
women in europe that didn't live in a farm before and shortly after ww2 never had to work a day in their life
Imagine being this fucking ignorant.
Imagine citing researches instead of contriving facts to win arguments online. You niggas seriously need to step up your cognitive game, because winning is everything.
Imagine citing researches
I didn't "cite researchers" you drooling lackwit.
contriving facts
That means "lying".
You knew that, right?
I mean, you wouldn't be using words you don't know to pretend not to be a retard, would you?
winning is everything
...so you're a loser
obviously it means lying you disgusting gaslighting jew.
I didn't "cite researchers" you drooling lackwit.
if you don't want to be misunderstood use a name or a picture after every post
gaslighting
So you have no idea what the word "gaslighting" means?
Dumbfuck
if you don't want to be misunderstood
This wasn't about being misunderstood, this is about you being such a low-IQ retard you think you are replying to 1 person, not 7.
Moron
You have a strange definition of winning. Everyone knowing you are an ignoramus is not a victory and you saying "actually it is" won't change that.
That approach only works if you are a wealthy delusional narcissist who has spent decades cultivating an illusion of success.
You're just some retard with an anime reaction image on /r9k/ no one is fooled into thinking you are anything but retarded or just a shitposting troll.
