BPD girls are way too much fun, provided you know when to cut the relationship off. My current one is up to the stalking and death threats phase.
True. The absolute soap opera of these girls' lives. You just have to make sure she hasn't wormed her way into your social life, otherwise she WILL go to extreme lengths to poison your reputation once you give her the surgeon's cut.
i dunno
being led on and ghosted isn't my idea of fun
men like you make me hate your species
Do you want to end up dismembered, decapitated, and shoved in a freezer? As this is exactly how you end up in that situation.
Just gotta make sure you're the one doing the leading on and ghosting. The best part is, BPD girls generally tend to be pieces of shit, so I can mess with and degrade them all I want without the least bit of guilt. I left my last girlfriend alone in the middle of the woods in the middle of the night and she STILL came back for the D. And there's one out there that literally has my name branded on her ass cheek.
women like you are subanimal. take your stupid fucking personality disorder and kill yourself, no one will miss you. drop the livestream link here so we can all laugh.
no one is scared of bpd cunts and anyone with common sense knows not to give them the ability to actually intrude on your life.
That's not worth it. I really love this girl, and I hope she gets the help she needs. In our current situation, I cannot really get directly involved.
I can only wait.
You sound like assholes.
Hot.
What is with the massive influx of psychology and personality disorder obsessed spics rambling on about muh "bpd whores". You're not the hardcore, calculated and manipulated lee psychopaths you think you are, just the male equivalent of the contemporary BPD female
i am not personally bpd nor do i have a personality disorder. where did you even get this from? i just dont like men who manipulate, i dont like anyone who manipulates. the whole thing just sucks although i know it is survival of the fittest. the whole thing makes me depressed.
i know anon, i know.
Trust me, if you think you can fix her, you usually can't.
Lol, I'm fully aware I'm too much of an asshole to ever really get married or whatever. This is just something I do as a hobby.
