every woman i had a crush on is ugly old fat washed up
im ugly 
friends are all dead gone or whatever
have no community or friends
Same brother. All women I had crushes on turn into complete monsters I'm always happy from dodging that bullet.
Take up an instrument and listen to podcasts that's a good band-aid
Yep. That's how it goes.
I really can't be attracred to any other women, younger women that keep coming along. I see these zoomer highschool kids and there is zero difference beetween an 8th grader and a 12th grader, life is sucks man. I cant belive i didnt manage to get laid in highschool
I cant belive i didnt manage to get laid in highschool
Same, this shit will haunt me forever and ruin my life regardless of what happens. I could win the lottery and still be mad.
What can ya do
I could take elephant killing amount of test and steroids and I still would never be as horny as I was then. Fucking hell even a hooker would have did it the way I was so addicted to the female body back then. Now at 25 i could have jennifer lopez spitting on my dick and wouldn't get hard nor give a fuck. But then again it's not as if I actually had a choice, I talked to every girl around and got rejected by each one of them. There are some things just so painful I will never experience to think about
when she sucks your dick with her hands on her lap
when she spits on it or sucks you off while she is fully clothed, taking a selfie, tonguing your dick
when you just hold her in your lap and dont let her go and she just stares at you fazed maybe kiss her a bit
basically seeing her bend down taking her panties off. BRUTAL. Imagine the rush. fuck
every woman I had a crush on is still cute
they don't post on social media any more
no idea if they're single or not
don't want to be the guy who messages them randomly 6 years later to flirt with them
Oh to be young and naive again, if only I said what I had to say back in the moment.
Yeah it's brutal. We'll never have this. Hookers are nasty and old and have taken hundreds of dicks.
I just hope I can make enough money to move to a country where I can do heroin without being sent to prison.
Imagine just being born in a cell basically. How frustrating that there are certain things, no matter HOW HARD you try, you can't have them. I be looking at girl's leggings and have one of those moments of "damn imagine the inside of those" such a raw feeling, insane that I never seen a vagina, I wlll buy a hooker I dont care theyre disgusting
Yeah do it I regret not buying a hooker until 25. I should have done it at 18 or even sooner.
It's not gonna make it better tho, it didn't make it for me now I consider the final cope: heroin.
every woman i had a crush on is ugly old fat washed up
im ugly 
friends are all dead gone or whatever
have no community or friends
I can fully understand why no women want to be near you and why you have found yourself completely alone. Meditate on ropes
If I started visiting hookers regularly at 16 my life might have been saved.
Now it's too little too late man. You can never get back your youth.
I am very technical about happiness, to the point I become rick and morty level saying "love is just chemicals in your head" so no mysticism bullshit, i just wanna feel good while on this earth especially because I know how possible it is to do so, I had some insane moments life felt pretty good at times, like all the time, it's what I want.
