Have you ever suffered a rejection this brutal?
95% of women are cowards that have never directly asked out a man in their life.
Only if you count being rejected by an ex when he decided to end the relationship
You know me so well anon damn. But guess what, this is why I can sleep at night perfectly fine.
I think a dumping counts as a rejection, yeah.
Then I guess I was, maybe I'm just unhealthy but I did perceive it to be brutal
maybe I'm just unhealthy but I did perceive it to be brutal
I think taking rejection well is healthy, perceiving it as brutal is what's unhealthy, I just used the word 'brutal' to be dramatic, and this entire thread was just an excuse to post that gif pretty much.
I guess you're right and my perception is unhealthy even if he was pretty harsh the healthy perception would be more like "well that was harsh and sad but I'll eventually move on and I shouldn't dwell on this too much"
I guess you're right and my perception is unhealthy even if he was pretty harsh the healthy perception would be more like "well that was harsh and sad but I'll eventually move on and I shouldn't dwell on this too much"
Oh I misread your post, for some reason I read it as "I didn't perceive it to be brutal."
i never finished the manga or saw the reboot of fruits basket but i am bewildered by kyo and yuki 
i've been in the same situation as tohru honda so many times between friends/brothers it's uncanny
but yeah no not really i don't typically go out of my way to ask men out out of fear lol. so i stay inside forever basically
i never finished the manga or saw the reboot of fruits basket but i am bewildered by kyo and yuki
i've been in the same situation as tohru honda so many times between friends/brothers it's uncanny
I actually haven't seen the show. I just found the gif online and I thought it depicted a most remarkable scenario; a woman throwing herself at a man and him not only rejecting her, but actually tiptoeing away like a ballerina. It's like kind of a role reversal you know? I thought this would be a very embarrassing situation for a woman to find herself in, so I made a thread about it.
