have you tried asking your dad (literally a genetic clone of yourself who managed to get a gf) on how to get a gf?
you retard, you are half of your mom's subhuman genes. ugly women have no problem reproducing, whereas short and ugly men can't reproduce. ugly women make ugly incel sons. simple as.
your dad won't have any idea how to navigate the world with your mom's short ugly incel genes.
He died when I was very young. 6'4, top of class, ace pilot, Lt commander, private investigator. 
I just got a drug addled mother to raise me.
yeah back in 6th grade or something. he barely gave me nonsense boomer advice.
wouldn't apply anyway since dad was a chad. mom always used to talk about how she decided to have kids with him just by looking at him, never mind the fact that he was a complete jackass back in his early 20s, i'm talking bar fights, drunk driving and reckless spending.
Look her straight into the eyes and give her a firm handshake
my mom is beautiful and my dad average THOUGH
Ok doesnt change anything retard, you are an average of your parents genes. Simple as. Moron retard insect.
my dad said if i date online i will be sold off the market like a cow
moo :@(
To his generation a man who is never with women is assumed to be homosexual. He probably thinks I'm a faggot.
He was very fit when he met my mother. He also visited tons of clubs. He said something along the lines of "if you want an ugly woman, shower her with attention. If you want a hot one, ignore her. She's not used to that."
My Dad told me that he's old and he doesn't know how he would do it in modern times. He said that he probably has autism too, and if he didn't grow up in boomer times where he was forced to socialize constantly, he would be just as fucked as me. He was a college professor who married one of his students.
My dad left to be with his other family when I was like a week old and has never acknowledged my existence since, what do I do?
My dad mogs me
Thanks dad
I often ask myself what the fuck my parents were thinking when they decided to bring me into the world 
I was most definitely an accident
Lmao your mom cheated
you know I love you Dad but your advice is so bluepilled
AT LEAST 50 percent are accidents according to various stats. 
Most parents put little to no thought when it comes to having kids. Ideally there should be requirements and standards to allow people to raise kids but sadly that won't happen.
My dad is a spineless doormat who constantly enables my abusive manipulative narcissist mom and lets her walk all over him, and they both tried to teach me to do the same when I "have a wife someday"
Even if I was straight, my dad is the last person I would ask
Unfortunately, I take after my mom. She literally said 0 words on her first few dates with my dad but he kept going out with her anyway. She has cursed me to a life of loneliness
My dad was an aspie bookworm skelly and managed to score my mom, who was a legal loli who looked like an actress from a 1930's movie. Naturally I asked him how he did it.
He said that he met her at a "Model UN" for smart high school students and wrote her letters (like US mail letters) until she fell for him. Apparently no one else paid any attention to her and she really looked forward to checking the mailbox every day for his letters.
I asked him if that would have worked in the modern era, when no one writes letters and 300 guys a day were sending her direct messages and buying her stuff from her Amazon wish list. (I've seen their old pictures, and every pedo in the US would have been buying her stuff.) He thought about it for a minute, and then laughed and shook his head and said No.
My dad would ABSOLUTELY be an incel in the current year.
My dad is a 6' tall handsome white man and I'm a 5'7" hapa. Life is cruel
My dad traveled to a poor country and beta buxxed. 
I was thinking of doing the same but man does that suck.
How the fuck are you as a man shorter than your dad? You're like, some type of permanent child, kek. My face may be bad but at least I've reached the point of adulthood
His ass does NOT understand sexual reproduction
He told me this today actually. Is it true?
This. If anything, the son is a half clone of his mom and dad lmao
Haven't spoken to my father in over a decade and he's probably in jail at the moment. If you have a normal, supportive male role model in your life then you have zero excuses for being an incel.
I haven't seen my father in 15 years
He died in March. He had just called me a few weeks before telling me how he planned to move back into town to be closer to me.
My literal boomer dad refused to ever answer any question I ever had even when I was like 4 years old.
His running joke was saying "look it up" to anything I ever asked (and some of this timeframe was even before we had the first early mainstream shitty dial up internet service so looking it up meant walking to the town library).
I've actually had a couple gfs in spite of this kind of parenting rendering me socially retarded, but I don't have any idea how he approached my mom and I know whatever he did it was different from my successful approaches of A) begging for a gf on /r9k/ years back and getting one to respond who lived near me and B) doing online dating going out with 10 different girls and accidentally meeting one girl weird enough to put the moves on me instead of vice versa.
isn't water tight if you're a sub 6 in looks and not true at all if you're a sub 3.
Someone failed middle school biology.
Because his kike dad fucked a chink. Literal ER clone
*Firm neck choke
Genes have a role in mental illness predisposition and all of that but it's a minority compared to how the environment where you grow up shapes your mind.
Just because your father shares 50% of your DNA that doesn't mean his mind works as your mind. He grew up in a different time and in a different environment.
Now I understand why there are so many threads trying to get attention from "fembots".
Tallfags aren't getting cucked by manlets, retard.
He was a turbochad star athlete in a small town at a time when women were encouraged to marry young and settle for any sober (optional) dude who didn't beat them (also optional)
wouldn't apply anyway since dad was a chad. mom always used to talk about how she decided to have kids with him just by looking at him, never mind the fact that he was a complete jackass back in his early 20s, i'm talking bar fights, drunk driving and reckless spending.
MAYBE U COULD REFLECT ON THIS INFORMATION INSTEAD OF GETTING ANGRY AT AN OLD MAN FOR BEING OUT OF TOUCH. I CAN SEE A COUPLE THINGS U COULD LEARN FROM HIM
DAD STATUSMAXXED THIS IS POSSIBLE 4 U 2
BRO THEY WERENT PLANNING SHIT BUT UR IN THIS WORLD NOW U GOTTA ENJOY IT
join hobbies and interests where there's tons of girls, like dancing for example
U NEVER EVEN BOTHERED TO TRY U JUST DECIDED TO LDAR BCUZ IT WAS EASIER
She has cursed me to a life of loneliness
MAYB U DO TAKE AFTER UR MOM BCUZ BLAMING UR OWN PROBLEMS ON OTHERS IS EFFEMINATE AS FUCK
BE A MAN U FUCKING DORK
My dad would ABSOLUTELY be an incel in the current year.
PATHETIC MINDSET
TRUE. BUT U ALSO HAVE NO EXCUSES BCUZ IN THE REAL WORLD NO 1 GIVE A FCUK ABOUT UR EXCUSES. BEING MISERABLE IS UR OWN CHOICE DONT BLAME PAPA
YEAH N SOME1 ELSE HAD IT EVEN BETTER N EASIER THAN HIM
no because I'm female
I somehow managed to inherit all the bad traits from both parents and none of the redeeming qualities. 
Mandelian genetics fucked me over real good.
Likewise anon. BPD NPD mom and doormat dad keeping the peace at all costs until his plan of working long hours to be away from her ended up with divorce in 7th grade during my puberty.
same. fuck this life
Most of our fathers would be Incels if they were in their 20s and 30s today.
My dad is 72 and together with my mom for over 45 years. He is a shy conflict avoidant agreeable Beta and I didn't really realized that until I was in my late 20s. My dad would have 10.000 posts on incels.is if he would have been born in the 90s.
