Most girls won't admit this, but I will.
I hate nice guys.
What's wrong with being nice?
if "nice" is subjective, then they can't be nice guys if you hate them.
Define "nice guys"
What is a nice guy define nice guy in the context I need you to tell me what being a nice guy means not what a nice guy is but what a nice guy means
A guy can say nice things and be attractive but he'll have to make up for the niceness with being very physically attractive or playing hard to get.
do you mean guys who are nice or guys simmering over with resentment because the nice facade they have put on isn't getting them sex
personally, i just don't like people who act in socially acceptable ways. it makes it seem like they like society and agree with its ways, while i think it should all burn to a crisp. it makes it difficult to relate to them.
They hate men who arent evil as they call guys like me who have never helped a single person in their life "nice" because I dont kill, rob or rape people.
You hate people pleasing male women, I would assume.
Yes, even ones that "took the redpill" and are "sigma males".
All those tired memes that blatantly express how much of a bitch made faggot a man is.
Ignoring that, I also guess you hate needy toadies posing physically as men, when in reality they're spineless retards when it comes to a real man's issue, like idk getting a job in dystopia or making sure the kids eat their special Monday diet.
Meh, I can't help you or convert you on that, and I get that, but at the end of the day, the social well has been tainted and all we got are a bunch of mean retards (probably like yourself, like why else are you here?) that makes up the majority of our world.
I'm in the closest approximation to hell on Earth, and I don't mean Russia or Ukraine or some other faggot country. I'm in a giant form of Sodom.
We get "nice guys" as you say, as a regular thing. Then we get gangsters who are part of the local underground cartel back in the city invading. Then we get invaders coming in and shitting up the place literally.
Doesn't matter, everyone here is a piece of shit, and I wouldn't mind a nuke or two just ending this place and fixing America.
The point is there's no way you're gonna escape "niceness". Everyone's balls are ruined because of Ohio water being introduced in the rest of America's sewers.
I refuse to play the games for a woman I genuinely like
I can be my unhinged self to the rest of the planet, but if someone I am pursuing starts this shit up I am leaving
Seething cuz you are a failure.
You are a cringe 15 year old girl, how did you even find this board?
Getfoh you seethecel
Ur not wrong nigga, i hate people who are too agreeable too
"I hate predators"
Yeah no shit nigger, everybody does.
If by nice guys you mean...people who dont break the law and act with courtesy?
Well then you are retarded
I like stacy and I would rather simp for her and be rejected by her then give becky a chance. At least, my high school self would
"nice" guys are only "nice" and weird for the purpose to get sex and thats it
Ok
Oregeleliololerololo
Stop making up lies because you can't handle guys can be nice without the need to want sex
OP is probably a hairy fat man larping. But outside that, after a conversation with chatgpt here is a list of ideas on why woman hate "nice men"
this is bullshit, imagine falling for the tiktok meme. a nice guy is also any normal dude who is overly respectful sexually because of shyness or any other issue. their lack of assertiveness annoys or bores women
Yeah, I can confirm all these are the reason.
Plus they're also hairy and fat. Usually bitch-mean too. Like not mean enough to stomp on your puppy in front of you, but behind your back.
I can't explain it better than that.
i'll do what i want and there's nothing you can do about it.
you two havent experienced dating so called self proclaimed nice guys so you cant speak on this or know shit
bitch-mean is not like the opposite of nice?
Also, there is no reason for nice guys to look like any particular way. I'm into bodybuilding and also possibly super nice.
But, I do have the things that >>73188305 mention, therefore I am disgusting an no one wants me for a relationship. It is what it is.
So you don't think people can be nice unless they want sex?
we are talking about nice guys, not self proclaimed nice guys. It is like talking about very intelligent people and bringing self proclaimed very intelligent people to the conversation.
those men are the "nice guys" women talk about
those men arent the "nice guys" women are talking about
No they don't. They hate all the honest nice guys as well.
They need to be strangled with both hands and being spitted on so their pussy tingles. It is what it is. If you were not born to behave like that is over.
I was born to behave like that, but I was in a single mother household with a NEET abusive uncle and flower faggots for grandparents.
All this means that I was trained to be bitch made from childhood. The ferocity had been smacked off of me like a rat with cheese on an electric prong.
they only "hate" them because of paranoia caused by their experience of fake actually nice men because it's hard to tell if they have a motive or not
What do you call guys who are actually nice?
this is the tale you may tell yourself so you don't feel bad, but the actual reason is the lack of passion as >>73188305
mention
Yeah? Well I hate girls who hate nice guys. Your move.
I always liked the shy intrvert boys. Most of my male friends have been of that type. They knew about anmie and fantasy, they had games that were not totally boring mainstream, they could play chess and show me interesting music. I knew that they often wanted more then being just friends, but when I said clearly from the beginning that it will be nothing romantic, it usually worked as a friendship.
I'm just a realistic guy. If you deserve my respect and attention, you'll get it and be threaten well. If you don't, well, I'll make that quite clear.
Works fine for me. Am a chad according to you guys.
Yknow coming from a colored background, this shit seems like bait to reinforce their subconscious thoughts of certain people :/ Doesnt matter the race really, if they cant get off unless they are treated like this then you need to jump ship unless you got enough money already to be prepared for any of the damage control that can arise from indulging them on that lol
Completely justifiable and anyone who disagrees either doesn't get laid or is painfully self-unaware
Foids are so monkey brained holy shit, nice guys expect sex because being sweet to your lover is romantic and endearing, they become angry when they notice men who treat their lovers like cock sleeve getting constantly kisses, blowjobs and fucks with no effort or investment on their part. So they simply ask the foids why the fuck does this happen, the foid gaslights the nice guy into thinking hes a bad guy which is a paradox because the foid would agree with the nice guy if he really was a bad guy according to her pussy. This only results in the nice guy becoming more and more misogynistic as foids constantly lie about their real behavior.
This has to be a joke the trauma from a not evil man becoming pissed off at his romantic effort getting no rewards is comparable to actually being abused by a psychopath?
True. I disagree and don't get laid.
Who and what are you talking about you fat ugly lesbian dyke? Most people are normie which means being autistic and retarded.
Being Nice in general is different from being a stereotypical Nice Guy
So, you don't hate them just can't feel any kind of romantic interest for them?
people who almost do not exist
most people are asshole and nice guy is sexual predator who hunt for female hole
Why?? why do you hate us? what have we ever done to you?
I personally prefer 'genuine' or 'sincere' to make the distinction clear.
i am a man and i hate them too
I never felt a romantic interest for anyone. That's why I'm a femcel. If I would fall in love with a nerd - fine. I'm waiting for love to happen.
You have committed the ultimate sin, worse than any other crime: dry her pussy
And this hating phantoms, when did it start? Please tell as thoroughly as possible. This will decide whether a shock therapy is an appropriate treatment for you.
Reminder
Hello there oh dont mind me just helping these poor children get enough money to afford and education, what that they arent my kids, well thats no reason to not help them you see I believe every child deserves an equal opportunity, I have kids myself so as a father it hurts to see children that are just left behind, thanks you so much
How a guy would react to this:
What a nice guy
How a foid would react to this(surface):
Omg that is so sweet your right children do deserve another chance
(Inside)
you know that falling in love is your decision, right? if you think about a person and imagine your life together with him for long enough, you get actually in love after a while, that is how it works, it is not some magic that you can't control and must wait until it happens
You can not remotely really believe that.
Well sorry I grew up in a non-abusive household (with both parents present) and was taught to treat people well
...and that's how it should be. Good for you, anon. Unless you're shitposting if course.
What if the problem is not about passion but maybe they can't take the initiative and lead the relationship?
kek
It does sound like unwarranted paranoia featuring incel's unfounded fears. 
You can not be an asshole and lead. If you don't like that, that's your problem.
Yeah I do that in the bedroom. Outside of the bedroom she says I'm sweet
It's like big strong man "uuuuugh". 
Did you get the note that we evolved intelligence? Things aren't quite going like they did 200K years ago.
I was at a party recently. Danced and talked to a lot of the girls in it and had a lot of fun, nothing too serious. By 4am I was already very drunk and decided to straight up be very forward and arrogant towards one of the girls that I was talking too earlier. She verbatim told me "I didn't know you liked me that much" and was immediately receptive to the nasty shit I was saying. We left at about 6am and had sex in her car, then she dropped me off at my house and gave me her number.
Moral of the story, being nice for 6 hours netted me at most grinding with girls, being an arrogant asshole who straight up told the girl I was flirting with I wanted to make her eyes roll back into her head netted me pussy in about 1 hour.
No I am not.
And all you've got is a chick that puts out inside an hour of meeting a guy.
I thought you guys want relationships and not just dime a dozen whores?
Cope Women can Fuck a Nerd Guy Nice Guy who Lives with his Parents if he is Chad
they are cucks who let themselves get fucked in ass by perceived superiors while shitting on inferiors so the hierarchy remains as it is the one nigger who replied to you before me is one of these bootlicking faggots
Oh I would turn down a relationship right now I'm kinda enjoying being single currently. Much more peace and tranquility. I was just looking to have fun and party, hooking up with a girl is a bonus.
I just wanted to have some fun after the party died down.
I guess i am a Chad then
Alright, I can respect that.
Just trying to aim these guys towards something decent. I've done that ONS stuff, and frankly, I just find it depressing.
Whats your stats, height color etc
There are women that will cheat years into a relationship. No remorse and no empathy all over their partners inability to meet their sexual needs. Then nice guy appears and all of a sudden sex isnt everything and its about connecting emotionally. I use to feel insecure about no gf but then i see these instances and it doesnt sting as much
picrel is me before heading out to the party. What sorta stats you wanna know bro? As you can see I'm not exactly chad.
what did she meant by that
It is clear that being dominant, possessive, machiavellian, overly cofident and come in the same personality bundle as being a leader and taking decisions for the partner. Women know that and that is why they go for this asshole guys
"I've done that ONS stuff" of course you have
That's how you get retarded girls with an IQ below 120. What's your experience with that?
Women have convinced people that "nice guys" are this weird super specific type of guy who are nice just to get sex. In reality the original complaint is that women would rather be with men who beat the shit out of them, are rapists, are murderers, deal drugs, etc. So when men talk about being a "nice guy" all they mean is that they aren't a criminal.
really? I find it fun because it's just sex with no strings attached, plus I make sure to only have sex with girls I can see myself partying with, I HATE boring girls. You can be gorgeous but if you're boring it's a no go for me.
This post was written by a man, original
You're drunk, you see some chick, next you're tounging her tonsils, you have mechanical sex with someone you don't know, next morning you have to wake up next to that person and your brain just screams "get out". About that thing, right?
I don't have that personality so I just don't have girls at all
You two are disgusting I hope you die
If that's your thing, fine.
Most guys around here do however like to pretend how insanely romantic they are, just looking for that one, true, love.
Surely you know what I mean.
I said that's the shit thing.
die die die die die die scum
haha they're lying their asses off, I guarantee that if took any of those guys out for partying they would gladly hook up with any girl I set them up with.
how am I disgusting, for having sex? boooooo
Sincere and genuine people are not necessarily nice. Do you think anyone being nice is fake?
Can you not imagine being nice and not expecting something in return?
Well, of course. Everyone here is convinced that they're smarter than those damn normies. Those guys that actually don't fail at the most basic tasks of life....unlike dear anon.
I have a mixed bag, I'm attractive and repeatedly proven to be top 0.1% in IQ.
It's actually not that hard, mostly fun.
I personally helped a robot to lose his v card and gain confidence, whenever he gets drunk and we're out he always comes up to me and hugs me and thanks me for "showing the light" like bro I just taught you how to party and dance a little it's not that serious, but I guess to him it was.
I'm a guy.
I hate nice guys, too.
EVERYONE is supposed to be courteous, polite, and kind.
If that is your "personality" you are a cipher, a zero, a nothing.
But they want rewards for being at the bare minimum of existence.
Hate 'em
FTFY
I'm arguing from the standpoint of a fulfilling relationship where you spend years together though.
I totally understand what you mean, that's nice. It's certainly much, much better than rotting in that basement. 
Have you ever beat out 500+ people trying to get a fancy education spot?
I have.
My dad they simply told "Sorry, our IQ tests only go to 150.".
Had the years long relationship and the wild single days. I can appreciate and love them both. I think it's important for people to do both.
Have you ever beat out 500+ people trying to get a fancy education spot?
Yes. 
Multiple times.
And I took an actual IQ test, unlike you.
So they were scammers, makes sense.
So they were scammers, makes sense.
The military actually. 
Please do tell.
That's alright, got no beef with you.
Women want TOTAL NICE GUY DEATH or TNGD, this is why feminism started to begin with.
We already know this you dumb cunt
See? That's HILARIOUS.
Know why?
Because the military only uses the ASVAB and related test and if you hit a certain score AND they need an IQ test 8they send you to outside contractors* to get an actual IQ test.
Ask me how I know. Go on, ask me how I know.
Then you can ask me how I know they wouldn't talk to your dad about that.
Imagine being hated for trying to be good lmao, then people ask why there are so many men going crazy and killing people
I'm not talking about the US. Actually Switzerland.
Are you intimating that Switzerland, with one of the most professional militaries on Earth AND home to cutting-edge IQ research centers, doesn't know how to test a potential soldier's IQ?
Really?
Man, you just keep getting more and more ridiculous.
Eth is only #6 on the planet, calm down.
No actual IQ test maxes out under 160.
Since IQ follows normal distribution with a standard deviation of 15 "maxing out at 150" literally makes no sense. It is like saying 
you can only buy apples in lots of 10 but the limit is 24" - its gibberish.
You never even went to university, did you?
I'm glad we finally have an expert here.
What do you base your rich experience on?
Earth and marine sciences?
I was a civilian contractor for a US Army Military Intelligence unit generally called The Activity and I now work for a contracting firm that does IQ testing for SLED and Fed.
Ok, I will correct myself then. It said maxes out at 160.
But I bet you expect others to openly express their opinions, while you keep yours a secret and then rationalize your cowardice by saying "I'm not an attention whore."
Most guys won't admit this, but I will.
We only tolerate you because you make our dicks hard. If this wasn't the case, you'd be slaughtered on the streets like the rabid dog you are.
*Flexes*
God, I miss the good old days when witch burnings were still a thing...
It's not so bad. Just play the hand you were dealt. It's fun to please real men
Sincere and genuine people are not necessarily nice. 
I know, but most people know what I mean in context; and as is the point of the thread, 'nice' has kinda been tarnished. 
Do you think anyone being nice is fake?
Not necessarily. 
Yes, I can; that's what I call sincere or genuine.
I don't blame you anon. I see these "nice guys" interacting with women all the time. It's fucking pitiful and disgusting. I cringe so hard and my asshole dries up.
If you project yourself into others and see nothing but shitty people it doesn't mean everyone is shitty. I means you're a piece of shit.
I always thought I loved assholes. But its truly the calm wholesome ones that make me literally giggle into the pillow
I am nice to everyone not just people I want to have sex with.
Woman blackpill translator
so you ARE nice to people you want to have sex with, eww perv
Most men will admit this, but I need to reinforce it.
FUCK women. Figuratively, and literally.
we need to go back
Can we also go back to locking up autists and other mental defects? Or abandoning them in the woods to die?
I'm beginning to understand what "praise Jesus" means.
why do you want to be locked up and abandoned anon
I don't; I just find it funny that most of the people around here pining for the 'good old day' would have had it much worse back then.
Women don't hate you because youre "nice" they hate you because you're weak and feminine like a woman, if they want to fuck women they'd just convert to lesbians.
This sub has the biggest victim complex on the site.
go back to r*ddit
nice cope man hahahha
I agree. This society is diseased.
I am a cold asshole towards everyone and I never show any feelings or give affection. I make sure to not help anyone and especially women because even slight good deed or word will make me look like a simp. I guess I am still too nice for you so I guess I have to push it even more. Is it true that like 50% of women have rape fantasies?
Based and truth-pilled.
What does socially acceptable mean? So if I start beating the shit out of you on the street and cursing everyones mother you will like me?
Hating nice guys is just a rationalization for hating unattractive men. The problem is he doesn't look hot enough. There is no problem with shy chad guys who are nice but do this so they can get sex.
i want to do that in the bedroom but i dont want to be mean to them in public. where do i get a gf that understands this?
no man has ever been nice to me, only girls ever tried to help me or talk to me. outside of basic politeness, men don't actually try to be nice to women they don't give a fuck about
I get where you're coming from but you still need to reconcile some parts of your world view / view on women.
being sweet to your lover is romantic and endearing
when women do it. it's kind of like when women think they can make themselves attractive to you by flirting with some other guy. it's projection. women can't resist a man whom other women flirt with, so flirting with other women is a good strategy for men. when women project and act flirty with everyone at the bar it of course makes them DISGUSTING to any man with some sense, but they don't get that. meanwhile men like when women are harmless, attentive, forgiving, eager to please etc. so men are prone to taking on these qualities thinking it will make us attractive. it doesn't. if you already know this then why don't you stop? are you waiting for women to admit it, so you can finally adapt? are you waiting for women's permission to change how you act? women find this deeply unattractive.
so stop taking what they say seriously.
I swear most sub 5 guys who are called "nice guys" don't even think about sex. Some of them are blue pilled genuinely pure dudes who believe in disney shit. They then get their hearts broken by whores not because they are "nice" or "not nice" but because they are ugly. The others who are not so pure don't do anything differently than a Chad but still get treated like shit.
the truth is that women like mean people, that's it. if you're arrogant, cocky, overconfident then she will like you. politeness and being nice is a male concept so we don't murder each other in prison.
Coward. Too afraid to attack people, you're only hurting yourself and showing how immature you are
If you want to be attacked I can attack you. I just thought that was bad because I was raised by my parents to not do it.
I don't think you know what involuntary means.
yeah that doesn't sound like women
are you 15? who the fuck dresses like this lmao
You're bluepilled as fuck newfag, lurk more
thematic party, the theme was white clothing. Got nothing but compliments for the outfit the entire night and brought a girl home so I think I did alright :D. Appreciate any feedback if any.
NICE = WEAK
U GOTTA BE A STRONG MAN IN 2DAYS WORLD BROTHER
EXACTLY, Y WOULD A WOMAN WANT A MAN WHO ACTS LIKE A WOMAN. UR STARTING TO GET IT BROTHER.
U GUYS R RIGHT AND WRONG. YEAH U GOTTA LOOK UR BEST 2 BUT IF YOU ACT LIKE A BITCH U WILL GET TREATED LIKE A BITCH. REDDIT9K USERS ARENT NICE GUYS THOUGH THEY ARE MOSTLY AWKWARD SHUT INS WITH MISANTHROPY ON THA SIDE
Chad = sex = romantic true love
Everyone else = friend = nice person
How do you not act like a bitch? I have seen faggy ass guys with girls. I was physically bigger and stronger but they just had a better face than me. I can't imagine a bigger bitch than a guy chasing women for pussy. I have come to terms I will forever be alone but the black pill hits fucking hard when you think about it. Resisting it makes you a bitch and I am guilty of bitching about something that is not in my control.
LIVE UR OWN WAY AND NEVER B ASHAMED
IF UR ASHAMED U HAVE TO EITHER CHANGE UR BEHAVIOR OR UR MINDSET
UNASHAMED PURSUE WHAT U WANT
ITS BITCHMADE TO GO FOLLOWING SOME GIRL AROUND FOR SOME PUSSY BUT IT ISNT BITCHMADE TO APPROACH A WOMAN AND START A CONVERSATION WITH THE INTENTION OF FUCKING HER
BASICALLY U GOTTA ALWAYS DO WHATEVER U WANT(BUT ONLY IN A GOOD WAY) THATS WHAT IT MEANS TO BE A FREE MAN
This is literally the standard female opinion of the day, you can pour through twitter, facebook, tiktok, youtube, wherever people congregate and youll be hard pressed to find a single "nice guys are good" post but would find countless "zomg nice guys are actually bad and worse than abusechad"
Only other men have been nice to me.
Men aren't nice to women they don't know because they don't want to get accused of rape.
And woman women wouldn't act nice towards a man she doesn't know (unless he is good looking) because she doesn't want him to think she is showing interest.
Beta virgin
Some people are just built for social acceptance. Doesn't mean they agree with anything, they are just navigating the world in the way they are wired to. You can tap into that if you try to bring them into the fold and they believe in the same stuff you do. But if you're just a loud, obnoxious, and chaotic, that's annoying. I don't act like that because it's a lot of work and energy and I don't enjoy it, and I don't enjoy potentially making other people feel the same way I do when a loud nigger who plays music with no headphones is around.
It's fun to taunt nice guys until they get angry and prove that they're not actually nice. At that point they deserve a punch in the face, but they're too soft to stick around and face the music.
