I don't want cardio fit Stacies, I just want a nerdy pizza netflix girl with a huge cellulite ridden butt.
a nerdy pizza netflix girl with a huge cellulite ridden butt.
That's what most young women are these days. But they're all taken, sorry.
I didn't know I was living somebody else's dream.
I attracted a fat pale shortstack girl from my uni.
She actually has a very pretty face and I got a boner out of desperation and she saw it, she kept asking for dick pics and now she knows that I am well endowed, she said she's gonna blow me on Thursday and that's tomorrow, I really didn't want my first time to be with a fatass but it is what it is.
Pic related isn't a "nerdy pizza netflix girl" she is just Stacy with big hips. You don't want a fat girl, you want Stacy with big hips.
The absolute state of americaners
Stacy with big hips
Lol she fat
Strawbrryymilk does have ridiculously wide hips but she's also short and very fat.
My first time was with a fattie but she had humongous boobs
did you make her your gf? how did you guys meet?
meat
Tinder but this was in 2012 right when tinder was created
gf?
Nah, but we met up constantly fucking for multiple weeks before we split. Last I checked, she is married
1. Talk to her
2. Once you are familiar tell her " I really find you attractive and I'm thinking about you a lot, would you like to go out together?
Chubby to small fat is amazing sex. I had a 5 foot 140lb little goblin once.... blond and blue eyed. Sigh.
really find you attractive
thinking about you a lot
Isn't that a major turn off though?
how big were her boobs and after the end of the fwb, were you guys still close?
No, it's being honest. Do this relatively quickly to avoid friendzone.
If shes into you at all she will be incredibly receptive
Depends on how good looking you are, tbf.
Like F or G cup. Enough to get my average dick smothered in them. 
We were close for a few years but I moved away
Keep in mind, dp this IRL when you are the only focal point. 
If she's just a tinder goblin she's got 30 other faggots simping already.
You need to be physically there.
If she's really into you you can also slowly hold her hand if she is receptive. 
I had to figure all this out on my own since no dad and single mom. 
Pitch woo
F or G cup
sounds amazing, you titfuck her im guessing?
We were close for a few years but I moved away
that's a shame. did she send you stuff after you left? did she try to make you her partner or didn't want anything serious?
titfuck
All the time
send things
Yeah but that phone is long gone with all the pics on them. Very sad
try to get together 
We made it clear it was a fwb thing. Never any dates
wasn't asking you to share, and certainly not here. if I had to guess, close to samantha g?
We made it clear it was a fwb thing. Never any dates
so she agreed to be your titfuck on speed dial? her boobs still huge to this day and did you end up with a very busty wife of your own?
Samantha g
Yes
speed dial
Basically 
wife
No. I would want one like that though
How do I attract a fat girl?
Be a skinny feminine twink. For some reason they love that. Pic very related, ideal relationship
I would want one like that though
is that a priority for you? i mean, are you dead set and haven't found a very busty girl to marry? do you remember your first "date" and would you mind sharing it?
Hmmmmm i would say it is since it is what primarily gets me hard in the first place but I have also fucked small boob girls before too. I would say I keep options open while also giving priority to busty girls. My first date with anyone? Probably freshman year high school where I went to get food with a girl at her school before we made out in a closet.
My first date with anyone?
I meant the tinder girl? I'm guessing you live in a dense area because the bustiest girl I've ever seen irl was probably ddd at best. The next might have been dd, not a lot of big boob girls where I live.
God imagine how it feels to have her massive soft pillow ass on your dick, every single clap to her asscheeks shaking the entire room. Sweaty hog sex must feel amazing, it's a damn shame I'll never have it.
First date with tinder girl was literally her coming to my house and fucking. It was in a big city so yes
Spoken like a true architect.
worst bait i've seen all day. can it be topped, thoughever?
Do fat girls like that like slim guys?
Okay. this is super easy. 
Just become a skinny twink faggot , helps if you tall but that doesn't matter so much. 
Everyone wants what they dont have. and fat bitches want to be skinny. (but they not so they eat themselves retarded like leaving your dog unlimited food then it eats everything and throws it up and then eats its own spew and shit)
I guarantee you this works. Its just a shame im not into fat bitches. 
t. thin and tall skinny fugly twink.
Am I feminine looking bros?
Truth. When I was younger and thin as fuck the only girls that showed interest were fatties.
WH ratio &lt; .65 is automatic stacy. It doesn't matter how high her BMI is as long as the WH ratio is low. A woman could have a waist of 100cm but if she has a hip size of 155, she's still a stacy.
The same way you attract any other woman lol
You're very cute imo. Would
what fucking race are yoU?
you look like zoolander
zoolander
lol that 1/8th jewish horseface genes I guess.
