how do you get the courage to kill yourself when youre a genuinely awful human? ive been threatening suicide for years and i cant.
i don't know. if you've been miserable and considering suicide for a long time, i don't know what other motivation there could be.
i want to know why you're a bad person though.
Because i threaten all my girlfriends with suicide if they leave me but never can actually go through with it.
domestic abuse, although for some reason ive been forgiven, cheating, and most recently fucking my friends gf. most people dont seem to enjoy being around me and i think its because im a constant source of sadness and socially inept in environments that involve more than one other person. so i want to kill myself for a combination of being a shit person and having absolutely nothing going on in my life at the same time
i guess you're not op, but cool, i've done that before. i tried to follow through but she promised she'd keep talking to me and i called 911. then she ghosted me anyway. what a bitch. she wasn't my girlfriend though.
you sound impulsive. i don't think you're a bad person. most people don't know why they do the things they do, or they don't really have much control over themselves. they're just lucky they get to cope in socially acceptable ways with their problems.
maybe you could fall for the meme and go to therapy. i don't know how effective it was for me.
interesting way to put it i appreciate it
I would say don't even joke about it or they will eventually put you in a padded cell. It is a dark world, but if I live you should too since I'm like way more retarded.
i tell people and its like they dont even give a fuck. the people who are "in my life" really dont give a shit about me and especially not my suicidal ideation. id doubt youre more retarded than a domestic abuser lol. i ruined my life before it even started
the dark side is so deep...
take the manipulator pill and read up on psychology. Learn to manipulate people and make them feel horrible about themselves. best case scenario you have someone who is dependent on you and what you have to say, worst case you lose a "friend" that you already decided to manipulate anyway
Come back when you're at least 18, miss "BPD manipulator" female
Thinking about the bad things I've done, I don't feel bad. People don't think about morality at all but if you spent enough time thinking about it you'd see that punishment doesn't matter unless it's towards rehabilitation. Everyone fucks up and everyone has done something fucked up. But nobody can can be perfect and nobody can go back in time. If the goal of punishment is to hurt people despite those two facts, you aren't achieving anything when you hurt people. You're just being a hypocrite. So you shouldn't hurt yourself if it's not to get better.
Anyways that's one way to look at it if you want to stay on the path to being a better person.
probably because youre a narcissist who's going through a bipolar episode. you can become a better person, it takes one step at a time. handling the little things as they come such as an interaction with someone you know.
even if i do become a better person, which would definitely make me feel better about myself, isnt going to help the fact that its easy and justified for someone to look at behaviorial patterns and my past and completely cut me off. it makes making new friends scary and i dont feel like my current ones really care that much about my wellbeing and absolutely dread when im in my disfunctional meltdowns. not to mention i dont get along with a lot of new people i meet as a pattern.
Harrier Dubois from Disco Elysium has made this post
idk who that is and what kinda game it is but this makes me want to try it lol
The games good.
Harry is a drunk depressed loser detective who may or may not threaten suicide on a weekly basis.
The game is a combatless crpg. Plays out like a visual novel with stat based choices. Its fully voiced and has fourty+ hours of content to go through.
I shot myself in the head with a Glock 40 10mm in December in lived You just gotta nut up and pull the trigger Also remember a failed attempt can leave you far worse than you were prior so if youre gonna do it make sure you do it right
You won't do it if you are genuinely awful because your presence is making the world a worse place. So long as your presence is still capable of causing some measure of suffering, you will continue on.
