im so fucking confused why they wanna fuck teen alt girls so bad, i know some of you fags wanna do the same, so please explain
They view younger women as easy prey. It's really no deeper than that
There's a poster on r9k that wants teen alt but he's 30 and old and ugly.
folks just want excitement in their life
Suicidegirls
i'm 28 moid and alt myself. so ive always liked alt girls what can i say. im not after teens tho, ideal age is 21 and up
Idk I just like them, they look so cute and I find that a lot of them like me and look past my flaws.
t. 25 yo man
Alt-girls all either genuinely are or larp as impressionable naive young souls
Men of all ages want to fuck girls they find attractive. It's that simple. Congratulations, it sounds like you are attractive. In which case yes, me as an older man, would fuck you. Young men are just shy and intimidated, older guys are more confident.
The question is do you want to fuck an older guy?
For me? only 25+, and i'm 25 aswell, anything lower than that is a child for me
im not into guys older than 21 lol, plus, i actually have a partner my own age (who doesnt actually like the way i dress either). i was just curious about why guys are into young alt girls
i am decently attractive imo, i dont think guys my age are just shy. screaming "uwu" at me or shitty emo music isnt what id call shy since theyre just embarassing themselves, if anything
Guys your age do want to fuck you. They just hide their intentions by sperging out. Older guys are not afraid of making their intentions clear.
fuck off bpdemon
who cares? if the girls want it whats the problem
Chokers and thigh highs are hot. Older women don't really wear them.
eh, i guess that makes sense
i dont have bpd lol fuck off
only mental disorder i have is autism, not self diagnosed either
they think you're vulnerable and easily influenced, they want to prey on you and turn you into their little doll because women their age have a will of their own and reject those men for their faults and defficiencies of character
women their age look like chewed gum. simple as.
You probably don't even have a skincare routine kek
women take much better care of themselves while men get fat and bald in their thirties
whats the deal with foids ITT
I'm 26 but I act like I'm still a teenager so what now. where are you from
It's because they're more relatable. They reveal that they're more into internet culture than the average normie girl so you know that they'd be interested in talking about vidya or other kinda nerdy shiz straightaway
Nah
meanwhile irl 1/4 of men in their thirties and 1/2 in their fithties are balding
sorry bro statistics don't care about your cherrypicked examples
Because younger women go for older men. They want a life of stability, but no man below 30 has the income to provide that stability, while those in their 30's have figured out who they are, and have a sizeable pool of money. A finished product is always more alluring than a work in progress.
im 25 next month, am i an older guy? if so, why do I look like im 18?
Don't worry im an oldfag and I fucking hate attnetion seeking alt girls.
Good genetics. I grew out a beard because when I was 24 I was getting carded for buying lotto tickets. Looking young is a virtue you'll appreciate as you get older.
women hate younger looking guys. i look like a child
Pretend you're 18 and go MILF hunting, unironically
actual answer?
it reminds me of the mall goths and SOULFUL culture I grew up with, as well as younger women just being more attractive in genearl
the bitches on the right cant even order a mcdouble without tearing up
MAN I USE R9K AND IM SOCIALLY RETARDED I CANT TALK TO WOMEN ESPECIALLY OLDER WOMEN
I swooned over 'emo' girls in hishschool. Eventually I got a gf but she grew out of that phase before so.
I'm 28 now and I find it hard to guage what age women are (unless they're like 15> or 23&lt;) so I just keep to myself, not that I'm in the position to be dating right now anyway.
Just to add, I wouldn't avoid dating a women my age I just have a lot of growing to do... I don't have a lot going for me anymore.
No, they view younger women as being less bitchy. There is no real incentive to go for an older women over a younger one.
A lot of women end up being super conformist when they get older. Some "alt girls" are also actually pretty conformist but some are also genuinely different, often being "weird" in nice ways. It's cool to be with someone who is different
Younger women aren't any easier. The only women I've been able to attract are in their late 20s/early 30s. They're the ones itching to get married.
I even had to cancel a wedding with a 30 year old roastie.
I'm 26 but I act like I'm still a teenager so what now. where are you from
No. Kys
They're extremely wrong then
Sometimes I wonder if the old men obsessing over &lt;25 girls have actually met one, speaking as one most are insufferable and exude constant negativity
This. Young women are the most insufferable people on the planet. Nobody would ever want anything to do with them if they didn't look good
That applies to all of the older women I've been with. Contrary to memes that women believe in, women don't seem to mature in their late 20s/early30s. They conflate credentials like university degrees and meme corporate jobs with maturity.
The one I had to cancel the wedding with kept having dreams that I cheated on her, then was mad at me for several hours because of her dreams, then wanted me to apologize for transgressions she'd imagined. Is it possible to get more negative and immature than that?
If anything by dating older women you're picking the ones that guys passed over when they were younger.
I'm 29, and I'd genuinely like to give it a go
I'm in the UK but ldr is fine as long as the intention is to meet irl.
Okay I don't really care that you selected for bad women, I'm in college and every girl I meet and have been paired to live with is insufferably vain, constantly complaining about every single little thing. They cannot be happy, they don't WANT to be happy, they enjoy being negative and unhappy 
Whenever I interact with older women they're pretty mellow and easygoing and not standoffish towards me
desperation
if you cant fuck a normal attractive girl, you must fuck whatever has a pussy
Whenever I interact with older women they're pretty mellow and easygoing and not standoffish towards me
By older do you mean 25-30 or much older than that? I agree that women in their 40s and older that have families of their own seem mellow.
They selected me rather than vice-versa. They were the few non-overweight women that matched me and agreed to meet via dating apps. I tried to match with a very high percentage of women.
By older do you mean 25-30 or much older than that?
"Older women" is more or less universally understood to mean 30+
They selected me rather than vice-versa.
What did you do to attract them?
Oh, so you're retarded. Nvm
Because they are fun and the exact same as us just in a female body. Only with the whole BPD roller coaster stuff but then again we are all mentally ill on this board. I have met countless girls on this website that are all into the same shit as me from the weeb stuff, to vidya and music. Its a blessing really I used to get made fun of for liking this stuff so now I relish the moments when I find a bpd zoomer to show all the autistic stuff im into.
no one wants a post wall roastie thats been run through by hundreds of men no matter how much simps pretend they do
We view them as prettier. Simple. Go use your anti wrinkle cream grandma.
What did you do to attract them?
Not a whole lot after I met them. They were the ones that wanted a relationship within 1-2 months of our first date.
Which website do you think you're on? I'm not in an environment where I can meet women. Every single one of my co-workers is a guy and I spend 8:30-7pm wagecucking.
22 year old here who gets hard dick for this and I'll tell you why:
1. "They are a social reject, just like me! We have so much in common"
2. The girl is putting in an hour+ of daily effort into her looks and has a strong sense of fashion
3. Invader Zim really was a good cartoon
As a 30yo, it's because you're sluts, look cute half the time, put effort into your looks and I liked you a lot when I was younger. I didn't get the attention I wanted from yall. But I guess it's fine, because all of you are deeply mentally ill and would have hurt my poor innocent younger self.
Also to samefag, the one I almost married seemed mellow and laid back when I first met her. Perhaps older women are better able to hide their internal problems or perhaps I missed the signs.
idk, i get harassed by all ages of men outside whenever i go outside like once a month
im pretty sure they dont wanna fuck me, they'd cheer on if i got hit by a car
Well as long as you stick to dating apps you're going to keep getting those results so idk what to tell you
The only times I've ever been thirsted after as a man in my 30s is by women my age. So no, I don't think that's very true.
You vulnerable narcissists seem very confused
Correct I would cheer. Car got a 100 points
Well you see there are two reasons
Both are awful and see you as less than human and they are both right
I'm 20 and I would love an alt gf if they didn't hate me lmfao
It has nothing to do with being "alt". You're just peaking in age, so this is the time in your life when you'll get the most attention.
I am an obese virgin loser aged 27 and I want a cute 18-21 year old alt-gf. I won't settle for less.
Gee I dunno why men would go for women who actually like them
alt girls do anal and cocaine, thats a go for me, usually you alt whores like to hang around 30 something dudes so its easy as fuck
41. I want to rape you over &amp; over again. Then keep you locked up in a box outside of my property where no one can ever hear you scream and no one will ever find you.
as a 30 khhv wizard where do I meet these alt girls? give specifics on where they hang out
Same but for a 22 year old tall white guy with money and time to spare
a common argument people have for not being interesting in eighteen to twenty year old women instead of wanting women older than twenty five and up is older women behave more emotionally secure but honestly since women become adults they dont really change emotionally until they lose their eggs (other than fucking lots of sexy guys and becoming loyal to them)
Where the fuck do you live? I cannot find any women who want a relationship at all. They all have serious issues or want to whore around forever it seems.
