found out "asexual" boyfriend is an immense coomer
that explains why he took forever to cum, he has death grip syndrome
how the heck do i find actual asexual/non perverted men
did porn and hentai really ruin them all?
yeah youll have to wean them off the sauce by force unfortunately, next time they watch porn shoot them in the face with a german luger
the problem with coomers is they expect you to be their personal pornstars, otherwise they'll cheat on you with their drawings and videos, plus they probably will even if you make the effort anyway (seeking novelty)
there's literally nothing to do about it 
you have two options : stay celibate or accept that fact
all women are also coomers. virgin or not, celibate or not, you're just as human as men. especially so if you're here.
looks like you're already looking for another boyfriend instead of attempting to work with the guy. that's a problem that's fixable within a couple of months with some elbow grease on his side. shame on you.
masturbating to F A K E P E O P L E is cheating? But i can't help but notice that you didn't call out OP literally asking where to get a boyfriend as cheating? Not that it is, but it's definitely worse. Anyway, hope you get raped cya
true but I can cum on demand, stop using in a second, and I don't pressure anyone to fulfill my coomer desires
So the fact that he had sex with you didn't raise any suspicions that he might in fact be a sexual person?
Why are women so fucking retarded. Jesus christ.
only reason i stuck with him is i thought he wasn't a coomer, he's really hard to bear and has a very difficult pesonality, but i was convinced it was worth it because of all the trouble him not being a coomer would save
he basically lost all his appeal
i figured maybe he was just changing a little now he was in a relationship
how naive of me i guess
How would an asexual man be having sex? You're so dumb lol. Retard. Invest more points into int.
You project your fear of cheating onto others because it's what you do.
you're just so black and white
i figured he assumed he was asexual due to not having sexual feelings as a celibate man, then developed sexual feelings along with affection
my asexual bf wants sex
alright then
WAITAMINUTE he might not be asexual at all!!?!?
This isn't naivety this is retardation
Asexual people don't need relationships. We're disgusted by human contact.
Asexual people are not supposed to have sexual desire, having sex with a truly asexual person would be doing it against their desires. 
You are too fucking retarded for this world, please off yourself now.
ye i mean i was already disappointed when he started wanting sex. 
turned out he also lied about not wanting it before.
i was already disappointed when i found out he wasn't totally 'asexual" as he claimed lol, idk why you guys are making a big deal of the way i'm wording things
let me rephrase : i'm disappointed my boyfriend who claimed to be asexual is not only sexual but furthermore a coomer
can you guys stop sperging out now?
Are you asexual? I doubt it.
So not asexual. You don't deserve a truly asexual bf and they shouldn't be with you in the first place. Off yourself now.
if i was with an asexual bf i'd just stop using and masturbate thinking about him every other week or something
male coomers can't do that
that's what i did for 3 months back when i thought he was asexual btw. i stopped after i found out the opposite
Lies. And truly asexual people are extremely rare. I don't know any and I'm not one but if I was one, i would rather be with another asexual person rather than a picky sexual whore who will drop me the moment she doesn't perceive me as asexual and was in a relationship with me not because she liked me, but only because she thought I was asexual.
i mean, what's for sure is i won't ever value a certain sexuality again, i learned my lesson
now i'm going to get with people who don't pretend to be special but are actually likeable, asexual or not
if they're asexual i guess that's a bonus but whatever i'm going to assume it's a lie from now on
If he was able to fool you you just be extremely retarded. And yes, you shouldn't date people for retarded shit like that, that's toddle mindset, i don't even know how people like you can keep on breathing.
idk bro. when the main couple problem seems to be cheating/dead bedrooms or whatever, not having to deal with that shit seemed like a cheatcode for a long lasting relationship
guess 'im retarded for believing there are cheatcodes in life
If you aren't truly asexual yourself, sex is a very important part of a good relationship. Even if you were asexual, having a relationship would be extremely difficult for you, because finding another asexual bf would be hell on earth, and if you found a guy who was willing to date you, he would have to suppress his sexual desires to not violate your boundaries.
The only time a relationship can work without sex is if BOTH parties are asexual, which is extremely rare, which is why most asexual people choose to not be in romantic relationships.
I seriously doubt you can truly just "stop" wanting sex or having sexual thoughts, you are just suppressing them and that's a ticking time bomb your hypothetical asexual bf would have to deal with.
So yes, learn to like people for who they are not what they say or pretend they are.
I literally don't care about sex that much, I can go weeks without masturbating
I guess even if I had an asexual boyfriend we could find an agreement or something, like settle for sexy time every other month and some pictures
I'd suppress my sexual desire for a long lasting relationship
Sexy time every other month
If he was truly asexual, that would be violating his boundaries, so, you are incompatible with an asexual bf, stop wanting one if sex is even remotely on the table.
Some pictures.
Read above.
I'd suppress my sexual desires
You clearly wouldn't and what you said above proves it, if you want an asexual bf, you will be having NO SEX and NO SEXY PICTURES. Stop being retarded please.
Men that claim to be "asexual" are just incels that don't want to admit that they're incels, so they give themselves a socially acceptable label for it instead.
Women that claim to be "asexual" are just women who can't find Chad, so want a way to get out of any attempts from a non-Chad man to flirt with them, or get out of having to fuck their betabuxx.
Naturally, both stop being asexual the moment an attractive person from the opposite sex begins to show interest in them.
Being truly asexual is an anormality and it is real, extreme rare tho. Most asexual people avoid going to places where they can get hit on.
They exist, they are just very very rare and often don't even mention their asexuality and avoid romantic relationships.
I figured maybe he was just changing a little
Being asexual is not something you change, it is caused by a hormonal imbalance, you are stupid.
you really understand nothing about human physiology if you can't phathom the feeling of "love" doesn't have a hormonal impact
If you want sex even if it's just less often than normal you are not asexual, it's that simple. If you don't want sex because of trauma you are not asexual, you are just traumatized.
That's why I said real asexual people just avoid relationships alltogether.
A lot of women are really sexually repressed and controlling and it's really sad to see
i want to date asexual men because i think i can cure them with the power of my pussy, obviously!
i mean, through the power of love!
what the fuck is wrong with women? the narcissism is incredible. 
do women really hate male sexuality so much? you're not any better, trying to hold men to these ridiculous standards. you want to rape asexuals because you think that's romantic lmao
do women really hate male sexuality so much? 
yeah lmao
male sexuality = wanting to smear you with bodily fluids, trigger your puke reflex and call you a whore
male sexuality is LITERALLY vomit inducing
it's crazy
bodily fluids
unfortunately humans sweat
whore
men don't do that unless told to. i myself don't say that to women bbut i doubt you believe me
fem add me IMMEDIATELY
im male
ohma#0561
then here's an idea retard: don't try to date them. go date a woman, or a dog, or whatever retard shit you like. no "asexual" male exists who is going to magically date you, dedicate time and effort to you and put up with shit for you. you will never get all the parts you want without the parts you don't, because that's not how it works retard. you get some of the parts you want, and you give someone else some of the parts they want, that's how all relationships work. don't like it? okay, tough shit though
Date autistic ugly unmasculine male feminist incels who don't consume pornography due to ethical/moral reasons
(But you won't, because CHAD only)
Wants boyfriend
Only wants asexual men
Can someone explain why to me as if I was a autistic retard. What is the point of a relationship without sex or intimacy. I already have friends who provide me with companionship and fun activities, or I can do the same with family. The only thing I can't do with friends or family is sex therefore I desire a partner.
Dating a asexual women seems like it's the same amount of work and effort to maintain a relationship without any of the reward, basically betabux, besides why do care if he is a coomer I'd you won't even fulfil his needs, isn't it better he does what he needs to do and not bother you with sexual favours???
She wants betabux that won't pressure her into sex she doesn't want, so she can cheat on him with the men she actually wants to have sex with using the excuse "you're asexual, but I have needs so if you're a good person you'd let me!"
That's why I assumed that its betabux, basically she wants a simp that will provide for her financially and emotionally without the expectation of anything in return.
Unless femanon clarifies why she won't date a masturbator but won't fulfil his needs either I will just assume that its betabux.
Some people don't like sex.
So why look for a partner if you can do all the same stuff with friends (except sex)?
The main difference being friends wouldn't support or provide for you and vice versa? Aka be your simps.
"death grip syndrome" is fucking retarded.
You mean he was circumsised shittily like me, has no sense of touch on his frenulum?
Start doing keegles, or whatever... It's not his fault he was mutilated at birth.
Idk. Hugs? Being told "I love you"? Maybe that's enough for them.
I'm just picky about porn bro I never even said I was asexual
I can hug my friends or family, I regularly tell my family I love them and likewise they do the same. I can say I genuinely love some of my friends.
Women tend to be much more intimate with each and generally use hugs as a default greeting, many women have no qualms about cuddling their female friends.
Please clarify why you need a partner as asexual if your family and friends provide the same basic prerequisites?
Ive been a coomer since i was a kid and i cum too fast most of the times w my gf. Some days i cant tho and some days its hard to be excited. Its not dependant on being a coomer, just like how every shit isnt the same, so is boners, mood, emotions, arousal every day.
You were born as a girl and can get your desires filled on command. You fuck strangers. We have innocent faps to fantasies. We are not the same. Your gender is the true degenerate coomers and attentionwhores. His dick failed you once and youre ready to jump ship rofl. Our programming is to shoot cum, if we dont cum our balls and prostate ache and then we cum in our sleep
