BenShapiroBros, we just keep on WINNING
I don't get it, why can't she uber? why can't he uber? why do they only own one car? my parents had two cars and they made &lt;$100,000 /yr my whole childhood.
All women are feminists. They benefit from the same laws.
In fact, the most dangerous women are "conservative" women. At least liberals, feminists, and slots show you their true colors. "Right wing" women put on the theatrics for you while actually having the highest body counts whilst being the MOST secretive about their activities
https://twitter.com/williamlegate/status/1651931812417994753
Crowder is a closeted self-hating homosexual.
We should all be enjoying his downfall.
Absolutely brutal hairline, where is your God now, Steven?
All men are rapey creeps, whether left or right wing or centrist
He's definently a fag and a grifter, but the shit he's going down for is retarded.
Women need some consequences and responsibilities too, this shit is getting out of hand.
Fucking typo nigher.
Imagine if the races were reversed. Disgusting cope thread. I thought you guys loved black women?
Is that the woman that wanted to start a doxxing service where you could upload someones face,address,workplace etc. and their racist/sexist/transphobic etc. posts without fear of getting banned unlike posting on twitter called "Social Autopsy" and then when she got backlash FOR DOXING PEOPLE from the left Ben Shapiro swooped in and saved her from the mean left harrassing her FOR DOXING PEOPLE and welcomed her to the right and now shes the "good black" that calls out those ghetto thugs that do not represent all black people look at me im the "good black" im "one of the good ones"?
I also heard a rumor about her but im not sure if its true unlike Social Autopsy that she threatens journalists with fake rape accusations from her and all of her friends if they write something negative about her.
You love to see it
No, retarrd
oy
It's a control tactic, have you heard about how conservatives talk about their wives? They either want them barefoot and pregnant or some mind controlled fuck maid. They forget their wives are actually human beings
Imagine yelling at and beating your 8 month pregnant wife because she forgot to order groceries...
Crowder deserves everything thats coming to him i have no sympathy for him anymore after that video.
You'll understand when you grow up kiddoo
Yet another case of a good woman with a broken personality detector.
It's interesting we know more about some youtube yahoo being a shitball than we do the clients of a guy who spent years providing these same clients with children for sex
