real artists can't compete with AI
Good, artists were always pompous and selfish. Understanding visuals to mimic reality perfectly is a true art form.
Not yet, but someday maybe.
eh, I could paint that. the cats would look better too.
If I could hit you through my screen I would.
can't wait for the downfall of digital "artists"
Ai Art changed everything
I love it and i am not afraid to say it
Ye mein phurrer
Yes, "you could paint that." But will you? No, you won't.
This is a retarded take. Imagine telling a writer that they should just write everything that happens as plainly and simply as possible. Imagine telling a filmmaker they should only use one angle per scene and zero effects to make it more realistic. Imagine telling a musician not to use instruments because the sounds they make aren't "realistic"
A 1 to 1 visual mirroring is impressive, but completely defeats the actual purpose and appeal of art. The whole point is expressionism, using visuals that contrast reality in order to say something. I agree that a lot of artists use their style as a crutch, rather than a tool, but dumbing down the visual arts to "it needs to mimic reality perfectly" is the shittiest possible take.
Girly as fuck. Being into art as a male is feminine as fuck. Real men don't wear a mask.
Lets be honest writers are pretentious assholes who gatekeep their industry so no real artists can enter anyway. Same goes for the film and music industry, nothing but nepo babies and ass lickers with no vision or imagination.
I'm glad AI is destroying these holier-than-thou faggots. i hope it fucking kills them
soulless 
this shit is art and an AI can't do it
Wow so much soul right there.
Don't tell me what AI can't do
I need to know the backstory behind this painting
based art man
AI reliant faggots will always remain talentless hacks without a well functioning imagination and skills who rely on AI to generate a drawing/painting until it will bec ome powerful enough to replace humankind.
How would you know as a faggot? Also artists have always been men. Plebs like you should either get good or get out and shouldn't post on the internet anymore.
unsurprising for AIcels
the fags on /trash/ already used AI to generate diaper fur porn desu
Almost all the great artists in history are men with more than double your T levels
Who cares?
The pretentious assholes and the people with actual talent are completely separate groups. Nobody who's actually good at something tries to gatekeep others from those things. Anyway, AI isn't killing art and it never will. Cope faggot
All it takes is one Solar flare. my shit will still exist, ai will not 
And I will continue to make this shit
The fact that people look at this shit and go "hmm yup this is perfect :)" baffles me. Do you have to be particularly right brained to enjoy AI images?
This is fucking sick, anon, got any more?
kikkkittyy
AI will take over movie and game creation, as well. That will be fucking amazing. Any autist will be able to use AI to generate any vidya they can think of. Soon.
