i just cant use 4chan anymore this site is done for. reddit is unironically better now.
yep, fucking zoomer faggots ruin everything
Reddit is dogshit, no matter how cringe the 4chan community is, it will never surpass how dogshit reddit is.
I got banned on multiple subreddits just because I was participating on other subreddits, no other reason, when I asked a moderator if he's retarded in a private chat I got perma banned from reddit for harassment and the niggers kept banned any new accounts I made, I still how one more account they didn't ban I made a few years ago but the name is something like kukluxklan to your house nigger, I can't post with this name
i can find small communities without zoomers. that does not exist here.
maybe you always belonged there? ive tried to do reddit and each time within less that 1 day came back here. its like 2/3 bots. Most subreddits, you can only post something along the lines of exactly what they want to see, anything slightly different then your post is removed and you're sometime even banned from the subreddit
What are our options for other imageboards?
Anything that could take 4chans place? Even remotely?
also the karma system is a self enforcing rule by popularity, and bots control what is and isnt popular. reddit truly couldnt get any more NPC
Good. Go back. 4chan would improve if we could get rid of your kind.
they all fucking suck. at best they get a few posts a day.
Don't know about that one chief
you realize you can pick and choose what subs you see right
If we all migrate over to another imageboard it would be more active. We just have to choose one we like and post there.
yes and all the subs, every single one, is run by the same type of people. ive done my farewell dance like you a few times, thinking id realized reddit isnt really so bad, but i always come back. nearly all redditors are either bots or people who are such npcs that they didnt realize theyre being influenced by bots, and became bots themselves
you will never be able to talk about any opinion or point of view that isnt woke leftist antifa shit
have fun even in gaming, nature, or music subs having to see in the top posts some virtue signal about black people or trans rights anyways and realizing "wow, this is my community now"
reddit is the new 4chan
Can I call people slurs on this "reddit"?
on here, despite the trolls, you come across human interactions with people who are truly human rather often. but on plebbit its quite literally nearly impossible. if you dont take your bluepill everytime before accessing the site youre bound to draw the attention of mods and bots and be cast out.
i see more tranny and retarded shit here more than anywhere now
This is a troll's natural habitat, niggerfaggot. This website is for trolling, retard
I wonder why you struggled on reddit. Who knows?
At least threads there have something worth reading. Seeing 14-year-old #30512 post the same three fucking wojaks day in and day out is just sad. I tried to contribute here and start threads but they are drowned out by racebait porn garbage and losers wallowing in self-pity.
The 4chan experiment showed us you can have successful anonymous lightly-moderated forums UNTIL the masses are let loose on it. Then it becomes the most basic, trashy, stupid, pit of non-thought that bleeds users until it is an empty wasteland.
mate just find a small board with common interests
to be fair 4chan was decent until zoomers.
lmao you perfectly summed up how butthurt the tranitors are over there
yea but its easy to ignore, and i dont hate trannies or blacks or anyone, its the enforced virtue signalling and shilling. And its strictly against the rules to be critical of ANYONE except le straight, and/or white, men
last time i was on reddit on a food sub and everyone was just complaining about how their cuisine was stolen and appropriated by white people, just like white people steal everything from the poor blacks and ethnics (lol). One guy made the mistake of asking what they were even talking about and got dogged on by all the white hating shitskins then once he was banned went back to their circlejerk about le ebil white people who JUST CANT stop stealing from them. Literally nuke it
reddit is retarded but i see none of that. the entire internet is shit now.
i know, and thats why i come to 4chan, because its not the enforced shittiness of anyone. everyone can put their shitty opinions out there and if you dont like it you can either ignore or cal them a retard
if you post anything mods dont like they ban you and you get 0 replies unless you talk about trannies
ftmp on 4chan you can post anything that can even slightly be reasoned to be ontopic as long as its not porn or gore except maybe on /v/ or /a/ the mods there are faggots
honestly. Reddit has always been better, but only in some ways
I always leave reddit learning something cool about life or a great anecdote or seeing some oc from an interest of mine
meanwhile on 4chan, yeah the opinions are a bit realer and darker and honest, but ninety percent of r9k is just self wallowing, racebait, retardism, trannyposting, zoomers flexing their relationships, egirls. all just mind numbing discussion that isnt reflective of me at all. i look for the 10 percent of posts that actually mean anything and they still suck at that.
For me, the anonymity is still a big draw over the faggot hive-mind. Though it is good for nudes as well.
was going to agree until you posted a foid. fuck off m8
Maybe pre-2016
if thats all it takes for your brain to reject an opinion, fuck off too
nah it is about the same in quality imo. people were more retarded on reddit before actually
but have fun listening to the same five trannyposter and racebait horndogs circle jerking threads on here for the next 20 years
puts on fedora
its time i becum a redditor
Before 2016 you could actually read posts on Reddit and reasonably assume it wasn't just disinfo. But now everything on the internet is fake and gay, and you can't even look at something like /r/worldnews without going in with the assumption some party is trying to influence you
the decline of /a/ makes me sad, it seems to be mostly stuff that should just be on /e/ and bots spamming retarded shonen generals that are "technically not generals so it's okay". occasionally you get a good thread and I stick around for those but the ratio is pretty low. picrel, there was a kaoru mori thread a while back and that was lovely.
its time i becum a redditor
then go. why are you still here? maybe youre just trying to pretend youre not here forever even though you know in the back of your mind, youll be back. youll always be back. you just need a short break, everyone needs a break sometimes. 
Theres literally more trannies on here than reddit
im probably just going to shoot my self soon this world is hell now.
theres more on reddit but every tranny is terminally online so every social media site is filled with trannies
hi tranny lurker here
hey trans sis 
hope you have a blessed day
brutal but fair, being a zoomer isn't good for 4chan. I am one at 19.
Don't subreddits ban redditors simply for posting on other subreddits they don't like?
Subreddits are basically comparable to user-created boards on 8ch. So the admin has control over the site as a whole, but most decisions are left to the userbase of given fandoms
yea, also youre only allowed to be a cis white male if you make sure to apologize for it with everything you do
many times when i posted on reddit the people (or probably bots, at least some of them) would bring up my post history and be trying to use it as a weapon against me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1W4c7ym49Y [Embed]
yea, sure, see you tomorrow
I can't believe so many redditors post here
No wonder this site sucks. Look in the mirror faggots. All of you are the problem.
prob the reasonfor the constant racism and troon hate, and woman hate. gotta be ultra tolerant on reddit, then they come here where they can say what they like, and have a fucking field day
im sure some truly just hate black people, troons, and women regardless but that has to be at least a good bit of it
