So I got the house, the mediocre career, the fashion, fit, mediocre charisma, etc
Literally nothing changed and women dont give a single fuck. Im convinced all that matters is your status online (I have none) 
legit just about to into a dickhead and treat women like shit all the time and say fuck the consequences
oh I also got the motorcycle which didnt do anything. Though there was a woman on an enduro who saw me and was waving happy but we were heading in opposite directions and I was too autistic to follow her
You fell for it. You worked for no pussy. You paid taxes, benefiting their fuckfests with tall handsome abusechad and subsidizing their cumloafs made by chads pleasure nut. You are the ultimate cuckold on the grandest scale of cukcoldry.
Women never have and never will care about anything other than genetics of height and face.
I mean I guess, but the other option is to be a homeless poorfag. As for your height thing as an average man Ive always found this cringe as fuck but I do feel for the short guys I guess id be mind broke too if I were 5ft6 like you
you are malding seething and coping mad hard since i called you out for being a giant cuckold. simmer down there baby boy LOL touch grass and cool your jets
lol ur 5ft6 lil man rage
its another 'incel makes base level changes to the aesthetic and superficial elements of his life and expects things to be different' episode
you believed normies even seeing how much they constantly fucking LIE about everything
damn bro I am sorry. Never believe what these demons say.
its another normalfag moving the goalposts again episode
You people are so disingenuous lmao.
you can't get those years back no matter how hard you mald and seethe, you are the eternal cuckold. you personally raised chads pleasure nut cumloaf. you nurtured his load with your own body. LOL
seethe lil man the outcome of those years led me to have a house and money to do whatever I want. youre still 5ft6 and poor
legit just about to into a dickhead and treat women like shit all the time and say fuck the consequences
Okay but know people like me come here specifically to cyberbully you and call you a retard
At leaat you have got a house meaning you wont be homeless sleeping on cold benches.
he actualy fell for self improoooving
Lol lmao.
You were born wrong and nothing will ever fix that.
Online fame fan girls will just sleep with you so they can #metoo you for attention.
You will never experience actual love.
You were born wrong and nothing will ever fix that.
Chad didnt have to show Becky his house and bank account he just showed her his face and height and that was enought she instantly took off his pants and started blowing him.
