I hear all of you say you want to fuck fembots, but this is what I look like. Would you still?
1. yes
2. ur a role playing gay fag
No because I don't condone bestiality
There are men who would fuck her here. What is your point
Show us your asshole or btfo
yes because I have a fat fetish but also i am willing to date any women regardless of weight as long as they legit want to be with me.
Here you go, because you asked nicely
my sides, origally
No, that's too fat. I want one more like this fat.
Morbidly obese women have marginally lower standards than average, but you also have to consider the fact that they have no morales or self control.
Yes, I already jacked off tonight but I still got like 70% hard from this pic.
Very sexy holes as well
Could you write /r9k/ under your belly button?
tfw I'll never have someone like that to sit on my face and violently brap
what's the point of living?
Would, depending how the face looks
Why do fat bitches always have brown assholes
Everyone does lmao
Uh... If you're female, Abso-fucking-lutely, yes
Same anon, gonna tripfag here, just in case.
Depends on if you let me cum in you a bunch then use long thick veiny dildos to stuff and stir up your cum filled pussy.
robots are average guys looking for average girls
WHY U NOT FUCK A LANDWHALE
Not only she's absolutely disgusting looking but being that fat is also extremely damaging to your health. It doesn't matter if you're robot or not take care of your fucking body.
You don't know me at all if you think that I wouldn't repeatedly and frequently breed SquishyLynxie in a heartbeat (in a loving and committed relationship) if given the opportunity.
id fuck a hundred passing trannies before I'd ever even consider touching you
I dont? Every girls ass hole ive seen is pink or slightly purple
It's a combination of extra friction down there and pre-diabetic symptoms.
Lets be real faggot you planned on troonmaxxxing anyways.
Only usefull thing on your body is your mouth and hands.
Yeah. I fucked a 300+ lb girl before. The bpd was hell but having that ass in my face while I tongued it down was absolute heaven. When I went back to regular sized women even with big butts... it wasn't the same. I need that experience again, I'm talking to this fat girl but she's so fucking timid I think she's a sheltered virgin but that ass has to be in my faceeee.
What is your diet like? What do you eat in a day to look monstrous like that?
On a purely physical level, yes.
However sex always has strings attached and I am not so sure I would like said strings.
It's 100% unrealistic and will never happen but I just want a shy fembot that haven't fucked 1000 dicks and loyal to me with high sex drive and looks like this
fembot
Why would you want this? They've been poisoned by the internet, think about how fucked up you are and you're on here, now thing how fucked up a shy female with a high sex drive have to be to use this site.
double belly is the only flaw
I don't want to fuck "fembots." But I'd date you. You don't look bad and I like big girls for cuddling.
Double belly is hot IMO
I ESPECIALLY want to fuck you if you look like that. I love big fembots.
You can lick my asshole and suck my cock you nasty fat overweight fucking whale. If you're lucky I'll give you some Cheetos.
Kek holy shit my sides
This shit makes me hornier than regular girls, thin girls or stacies do
Yes I am a fucking animal and I love it I need a fat fuckbeast wife with a monster pussy and dark asshole I can feel my male hormones screaming for the sexo as I stare at these images I want to sniff up her sweaty beast scent and musky cunt please grind my face with your sloppy pussy
