Where were you in life in June 2003?
Basement. 3 years into my 8 years of NEETing 
Magical times. Ffxi 12+ hrs a day then counterstrike
I was shitting my pants at The Global War on Terror
I was one month old. Good times?
I had just moved schools, and was struggling to fit in. Never really recovered from it.
I was a 2 year old child.
I dont reallly remember much.
roaming around the neighborhood i lived in and playing runescape
Loo I love all you little tadpoles. I hope you never grown into a toad like myself. I was 13 in 97
Just a few weeks past my 7th birthday; not much going on yet. It was the next year things got interesting.
Its pretty embarrassing that someone old enough to remember 2003 would still post on this board.
Lol better be careful, I might get embarrassed .
(Turning 40 this year) shitposting since 2007
who would be here to call you a faggot?
i was 3, still living with my grandma and everybody else. my dad would visit me sometimes.
The same place I am now.
in college. not shitposter. didn't even know what something awful was
running around outside with my pets, and chanting about the weather in a weird accent. it is also time to impersonate characters i saw on tv to entertain my siblings. sit in the car with my imaginary friend and talk to her then tell her to go back to narnia via my closet.
you should be putting your kids to bed and not calling people faggots on the internet, old man
you must be 18 or older to post on this board
Lol 
Don't forget
Im 22
2003 was 20 years ago grandpa.
same anon,
hows the birthday party coming along lol
Anon he's at least like 22 years old, as am I. 
Yep I was the same age as you. But from the pictures my parents took, 2003 looked like a comfy year to exist it. My sister was born that year as well.
I was overcome by nostalgia, things used to be so much better in the 90s
aaaaaaaaaaaaa i miss the 00s so much take me backkkkk i hate the new internet aaaaaaaaa
i was finishing school and having the time of my life
my days were spent hanging out behind the gym then going home to the internet when it was still relatively obscure and not everyone was on it
i even loved going to malls they were always so busy and i actually had friends plus all most people knew was what was local/on tv so it was easy to talk to anyone
now the world is insane and so polarized
I was fucking my punk rock girlfriend in the basement of her dad's McMansion or playing Halo 1 with the boys. 
Or working at Blockbuster video. Yes I am that old, yes you missed out
Growing up in a semi-ghetto suburb (full ghetto now) and playing in the street/outside almost all day.
you should be putting your kids to bed and not calling people faggots on the internet, old man
I do both of those things every day, don't limit yourself
Yes. But do you rape them? Or more of a mutual thing?
Why did you mind go there? Did someone hurt you?
Eight grade, looking forward to high school.
My mind wanders hither and yonder, weaving tales.
You did not answer me
I was baby.
Newgrounds
Flashplayer
Albinoblacksheep
Hybrid Theory, Reanimation, and Meteora on rotation
I was 6 years old and watching Toonami and playing N64 with games like Killer Instinct and Golden Eye
I was 15 years old completed a certain religion-related milestone in my life.
naruto porn simulator
I was an 8 month old baby
(Turning 40 this year) shitposting since 2007
so you became a 4channer at 24? that's like losing your v card at, well 24
I was watching 21 and masturbating to gay porn for the first time
I was 9, about to be 10. Probably playing Pokemon Crystal in the car as my family drove to our cottage in northern Ontario
Living in a sharehouse. Working two jobs (warehouse/factory). Would go to the movies multiple times a week with my roommate. Would spend whole days off playing True Crime or GTA, reading lots of books. Uneventful but pleasant.
Wouldn't it be more embarrassing that someone too young to remember 2003 would be posting on this board?
Going to school, playing vidya on my gamecube &amp; flash games on my Dad's PC
sovlful thread
Escaping my mothers womb
i was 5. what was i doing? prolly some gay shit like playing with legos lmao
Had just moved towns and was separated from my childhood friend group for the first time. My father was cheating on my mother and they would soon divorce. It was the beginning of the end.
in my dad's balls
Got fucked by a priest?
I was a happy 9 year old kid.
Didnt exist then
Got fucked by a priest?
kek
Being a spaghetti-flinging autist rapidly alternating between getting abused at home and at school, relieved to reach summer vacation so it would only be at home for a while.
not yet born. good times
ohohohoh me, in June 2003 I was playing Pokemon Yellow in our family PC in an emulator! My brother set it up and built up my love for videogames since then, will always treasure that memory of booting it up and watching the intro. Fantastic childhood.
Playing D&amp;D and Warhammer with nerd friends. Best years of my life.
I was &lt;2 months from being born.
I was 1 month old.
Highschool doing who knows what.
5 year old me was probably playing gamecube in memphis, tn
14
just finished middle school
sprained my ankle
went to a water park with family
use a VCR to record tv shows at night that I binge watch the next day
just got my first computer. dell dimension 4550 with 30GB HDD, 128MB RAM, 1.8ghz pentium 4
unable to play soldier of fortune 2 that my friend burned for me
download mp3s at 56K with limewire
it was also roughly the last time my sister let me lick her pussy
Probably running around outside like a retard, I was 5
Was a wee child of 4, going on 5. Can't remember too much back in so probably playing with toys or playing outside.
