So whats future of internet when we get advanced chat bots , generate fake images and fake everything 
Ai generated image
Same as what always happens
We're only so taken by all this AI-generated stuff because it's so new to us, imagine being born with it - you'd probably start craving human made things. Just like how these days handmade costs more than factorymade, the future will have human produced goods and services as a premium, and idiot robots for us bottom tier cucks
I hope it destroys the world so I don't have to study for anymore FUCKING EXAMS
Don't think so, I think human sentimentality will go straight out the window when we see AI giving objectively superior results 999/1000 times, I sincerely hope it'll make most people redundant, especially myself
You've hit the nail on the head but are missing the larger point - it will give better results (atm only with human guidance) only for tasks that are pointless for humans to be doing anyway. No one actually needs to do certain jobs like being a lawyer or a coder.
I'd do anything to see her be ravaged by a black man
I wouldn't be surprised if we're going to to eventually have some rules or regulation with AI once it gets even worse than it is right now.
We're getting to the point where you wouldnt know if someone youre talking to could be AI. Hell, even your post could be AI generated and I just wouldn't know. So what if AI gets so good that is can spread a ton of misinformation and make it seem like people (especially celebrities or world leaders) say things they never did? And worse, what if people believe them?
We're at a major shifting point and it's kinda scary, especially in the eyes of a comp sci student myself. 
Like the internet in general, I hate seeing how people are using it and encouraging others. I see it everyday:
While some of that might be cool, seeing it irl is fucking braindead. I saw it used in every fucking class where people just copied and pasted questions and prompted. No thinking. Just absolutely braindead. They would prompt, get code, copy and paste, get a huge wall of errors, copy and paste the error in, get more code, repeat until the end of class and get nothing done.
I was talking to one of my TAs who was also head of the student comp sci club and he suggested I use AI. I heard stories of TAs giving people answers using AI. It pisses me off desu.
Overall it's a tool, and while I can see the general uses for it might be good, its potential is bottlenecked by it's users.
No, I think it'll give better results for just about everything. There'll come a point in the not so distant future where it'll replace engineers (I'm studying to become a civil engineer so this is lifefuel for me), most politicians, cashiers, cleaners, 99% of office jobs, doctors. Self driving cars will hopefully also cuck truck drivers and bus drivers. I hope we're all made redudant so we can all just retire from the ol hamster wheel
He has a point though. CHATgpt analyzes text it doesn't actually know anything on particular subjects. It finds the words that fit together with the context of the prompt. If enough fake data lied to it, then it would thoughtlessly "believe" and reproduce the lie. When people ask about its sentience it just pulls data on what a fictional sentient AI would likely say and repeats it.
Yes that may be true, but I still think that AI will completely btfo the need for most engineers.
