At what age did you grow out of your cringy liberal atheist phase?
Apparently OP hasn't grown out of his midwit phase yet.
About 13. After I went through the emo phase I discovered Allah and repented for my sins.
Ehh OP, being christian is what's edgy now. That's where the 4chan contraniasm pendulum is swinging towards at the moment.
Brother, Sins are only forgiven through the blood of Jesus Christ
Yeah every Christian on 4chan has a reddit account where they come over here and tell us how many atheists are on reddit and then just typical contrarian swing in the opposite direction of [people they don't like] or [people they perceive as popular] (when online people don't represent reality at all).
They even said as much back in the day, they said they converted to Christcuckoldery to make redditors seethe and that's just retarded. How about just not a be fucking redditor? 
The Christcucks ironically ruined the incel community and culturally appropriated the chad vs virgin meme, not understanding the irony of the whole thing and declared themselves Chad. Then they leaked 4chan culture to normies so normies say braindead cringey things like "BASED CHAD" now... 
Christcucks and troons ruin everything. Same mentality in both groups, active recruitment drives + constant warring with other groups.
Guess I never grew out of it cause I'm still not a believer. It's just hip to be a Christian now, give it another few years for all the trend riders to squeeze all the cool they can outta God and then they'll fuck off to whatever else. I'm not an atheist for edgy reasons, I'm just an atheist cause it doesn't click. It never did for me, not when I was younger and definitely not now.
God is not reaI
Before the internet you Christians were stupid as fuck and just tried to hellscare everyone into submitting to your weird doomsday bullshit, but now that the internet exists and people across the world can collaborate their experiences it's become apparent that this whole "The Abrahamic God is the real creator of the universe and all else is false" thing got debunked. We found your history. Abrahamic religion just mutates into whatever appeased the population of the area. The promise of a heaven after is very important to these people, even though the likelihood of it being real is pretty much zero.
Yeah I'm gonna live my life according to how the wealthy and powerful want me to because a Jew tricked some delusional, primitive people a few thousand years ago. Religion has always been a tool of the powerful to control and extract wealth from the masses.
Never because I never really had one. The closest I ever got was parroting a line I heard in a debate at 16 because I was curious what someone's thoughts were on it and how they'd react. I've never been religious and all of this always seems like a typhoon in a teacup kind of thing. Advanced tribal affinity signalling.
Like 14. And then became chud at 15 and now I don't care about politics.
I think i have become a complete person
Its a great moral compass tho.
Churces are cancer, but the belief in god and morality, for a sociaety as a whole is very beneficial.
Just look at whats going on in the US when people dont believe in principles like chastity, honor, loyalty and stoicism
Only time I ever considered myself an atheist was funnily enough when I was 14 and depressed. By 15 and 16 I fell back into the New Age spirituality my mom raised me in so atheism was quite literally just a phase in life.
So is all atheists know how to do is just project? I'm sorry that abstract concepts are difficult for you to comprehend, anon, but humility is the first step to putting yourself on a better path.
yeah, sure.
It's ironic you say this because society's current lack of religion is something the Jews have orchestrated in order to weaken and destroy our cultures, and without belief in God for people to turn to as a source of direction in life people have fallen into depending on the government, media, and popular culture in order to figure out what to do and subsequently all of these institutions are run by actual Jews who not only hate God but hate those who worship God. So funnily enough your blatant hatred of religion is indeed a cultural sentiment orchestrated by a cabal of Jews to destroy you, your family, your country, and amass more power for themselves. There is no need for a welfare state or high taxes if people follow a biblical lifestyle, but you don't seem to understand this.
Christianity is the only belief that will nowadays lead you to be persecuted and hated
Walk outside with a swastika or a KKK robe and see how it goes. 
They don't need to, the majority of Christians live secular lifestyles and they have since the 60's at least if not earlier.
Christians can't even get to the understand concepts part, let alone abstract ones. Christians are straight ignorant-loving illiterate idiots.
16, my libtard phase started at 14 and already fucked my life up
