"NOOOOO THINGS HAVE ALWAYS BEEN JUST AS BAD AS TODAY, IF NOT WORSE!! THERES NO DECLINE!!"
Too many people on this planet. Order fell out of fashion. Too many leeches. I want to live in exile.
Who the fuck cares. They were normshits back then, they are normshits now. I don't give a shit about normalnigger problems. Normalniggers never cared about me either
Stockholm is still a beautiful city anon, what does this video prove? Are you just upset people dress differently and there's black people here now?
Yea but now let's see Stockholm today. It's probably about as good if not better than that, right?
There was a webm ajout Rio too, but I cant fimd it, and you cant say the same thing about Rio
I fucking hate whigh historians. The fucking hubris it takes to believe we are better than anything before us is, in reality, just cope. "Things are perfect now, don't you think about all those people 10000 years ago who didn't have WiFi? Now stop complaining, you're not allowed to complain". These people belong in a ditch.
Sure, this post isn't about rio though is it
The specific city isn't mentioned at all you dishonest topic derailing retard.
You're going in the ovens
You should read Zappfe's The Last Messiah, specifically the bit on spiritually-developed people. It speaks towards the ideology of "progress"; that and Becker's Denial of Death give more encapsulation of what you're pointing out.
so you want women to wear more poofy dresses and more people to go swimming?
You are definitely a homosexual for caring though. You'd still be a poorfag loser back then.
Nta
I started denial of detah but never finished, what does it has to do with the topic?
Btw thanks for the rec of the other book seems interesting
"Stockholm 1955" Are you blind
I am not a fan of the way modern cities look.
You are focusing on the detail and not the big picture
The world was alive, the rhythm of the world was more natural
It was a sweet spot between a post industrial, electric media, still religious society and the current virtual corporate feudalism queer race critical atheist hellscape we have now
Yes my fellow goyim, stop caring and give in to despair. Sit around and do nothing all day, accept mediocrity, you were destined for it so why bother?
How do you explain to lefties that Europe wasn't always filled with niggers, both regular and sand?
I am saying literally the opposite, you baboon. Living in the past isn't going to help you today. You must relinquish all emotion, and look towards your personal dream. Nothing else matters, it's all just noise designed to keep you down, as dictated by normalfaggot tyranny. Screw the world, and screw humanity. Only you matter to yourself ultimately
Give me a quick rundown on those, my "To-read" list is quite long but I could just bump those up in priority since it's a topic I'm interested in right now.
screw humanity
Kike
that's only because normies got rid of all autists and incels from society. things were good back then.
and it's a much better example since Rio became a hellhole.
no Brazilian would want to live there.
elitized part very clear cut and divided from "youll get robbed by being on the street" areas.
Your fake empathy for your fellow man is a parasitic guilt based concept that you have adopted early in your life to avoid working through certain emotions, and it will chain you to your sorry circumstances, until you are ready to let it go
Stockholm is a hellhole where most of the white female population has already been raped
Living in the past isn't going to help you today
Except looking towards the past for much needed guidance and inspiration isn't the same as living in it. If you believe so then yes, you are a whig in denial.
Thats exactly what a kike would ay ok Im not kidding anymore I legit am certain youre of the tribe
I am above whites and jews, and it would seem, humankind in general. I don't need any of them
Yep, another defeatist LARPing as hot shit. Nothing new.
Maybe it's just the time and place that they filmed those specific shots but I like how uncrowded it looks. There's just enough people there to make it seem like a bustling city without clogging up the streets and you can still see and appreciate the beauty of the city itself.
Unironically yes. Puffy dresses, frills and ribbons absolutely MOG most female clothing these days. Supposedly more comfortable too but I can't attest to that.
I used to be small and contracted once, just like you. And now, things I want simply happen, without any effort on my part, always. Verily, I am in this world, but not of this world. 
Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth.
Even if you try that today, cities are just uglier, architecture is uglier, cars are uglier, clothes are uglier
Before they all used to fit together in a tapestry
Now its just gray blobs and blocks
schizo thinks he is god
When I thought you couldnt get more kiked you outkiked your kikery
Man this is just cringe, I'll stop replying. Go get a hobby or something.
I, the man, am not god, and neither are you. Only the undying, formless observer, he is god. It has always been a curious thing to me, that so many billions of people were born and died, without so much as suspecting there is something greater to what they are experiencing. Ultimately, you can die in your ignorance like them, if that is your choice
Fuck mayocels, get replaced
Just wait until your gibs money dont arrive
That's definitely part of it too. Modern people don't look like they belong in a place like that for the most part. Still, I'm sure there was some old guy who remember the 1890's sitting on a park bench and thinking the same thing about his present time. He too probably thought that the modern cars were an eye sore, the women dressed like whores, and that they newer buildings in the area looked like shit. That said, the jump in the city's appearance probably wasn't as drastic going from 1890 to 1955 as it was going from 1955 to 2023. Makes me wonder if anyone is going to be nostalgic for current day Stockholm in the same way in the future.
Things arent always that applicable across time
We cant generalize our feeling now and project that as if everyone from past and future thought the same thing, thats a very relativistic view
nigga you could make a montage about rich and middle class people of our current time and it would also look perfect. I can't tell if you're trolling or if you're really that retarded
None of their daughters have onlyfans in the webm tho dawg
It's probably about as good if not better than that, right?
a montage about rich and middle class people of our current time and it would also look perfect
Lol no it fucking wouldn't. You'd get a bunch of depressed drones locked up in their suburban homes and spending 4 hours a day in traffic. The most interaction people get these days is saying "Credit please" to the cashier at Walmart, if that.
black culture
Not even that, nike was created by a white guy
It has just been hijacked like everything
They really need to restrict ads and billboards to commercial districts of the cities.
A better comparisonbwould be that img about how on a certain day white people were going to space and black people were looting and burning the city down and twerking on the ruins
girls have onlyfans because coomers like you consume it
Stop projecting and moving the goalposts
look dystopian
"NOOOOO THINGS HAVE ALWAYS BEEN JUST AS BAD AS TODAY, IF NOT WORSE!! THERES NO DECLINE!!"
I never once believed anyone who spouted this. The idea that nothing changed with nothing being different is obviously pure gaslighting nonsense.
All I see is a bunch of people doing bullshit. Just like today.
It's basically cope by people who don't want to change or do anything about their situation. That or (((People))) who want to change things for the worse.
Stockholm is small and has on average 7 gang shootings per week. How many do you think they had in the video? =)
Are you just upset people dress differently and there's black people here now?
Yes
But anon people had no heckin phones back then! They didn't, like, have burgers and shit, they had to take trams instead of Ubers and WALK from block to block. Literally slavery.
Built for BBC
4nkkm4
is that a video from a prosperous region where the bad parts have been cut and let only the beautiful women walking in an alley and the lawyers? Completely realistic anon
it was the good ol days kek
Whites have no culture, we created Pyramids and were teaching trigonometry while you were painting your faces in caves
Unironic "we wuz kangz"
You people still build mud huts if not told to use brick and mortar. The only time you ever use modern materials to build a house is when you build it out of literal garbage.
people literally just walking around and sitting and eating in clothes that were popular at the time, 1950s: :0
people literally just walking around and sitting and eating in clothes that are popular at the time, 2023: >:(
