Was on omegele on the R9K tag talk to this dumb foid for a week she calls me cute. 
She asks me for my height I told her 5'9 she seemed really disappointed and then she stops talking to me then check back on discord the next day and she unadded me. Just another reminder there are no such thing as femcels gtfo you stupid whores.
Seriously women should be banned from this site no more of this femcel crap gtfo you fake bitches
You deserved this experience you fool
Fuck off anon how do I deserve this?
Lmaoo imagine caring
Why are you faggot niggers your own worst enemies? He didnt call her names or do anything rude to her to deserve being treated like that. Kikes like you are no better than foids
Contributed to the inflation of the pussy market, by giving attention to a bottom-of-the-barrel hoe
blaming a retard being retarded on jews is retarded in and of itself 
yawn.
OP you didn't deserve to be treated like that but you can learn something important from it, the lesson is, don't go after mentally ill women. A girl that is on the r9k tag for Omegle has a near 100% certainty rate to be mentally ill, stop it, online dating is a losing game. IRL and online dating are whole different ballgames.
Isn't 5'9 above average? Fuck I'm 6'3 and feel small
If bitches ask about height, immediately ask about their weight lol
5'9 is low end of average in the US. Depends on the area though non white areas its taller
That's because 6'3 is actually short. Life begins at 6'4, sadly... Above average only starts at 6'6, and tall is what's above that.
How was he retarded in any way? You faggots make up any excuse to find fault in the guy when it was the foid who was rude and an asshole in the first place. You are the ones putting pussy on a pedestal but not calling a cunt a cunt. You dont blame a guy for trying and being honest.
I agree with you, anon. That dude was unnecessarily a dick like that woman was.
we've really reached the rock bottom of thread quality, well done
You misread me, the guy being needlessly mean to OP was retarded, it doesn't mean he's a kike, just retarded. Of course the girl was shallow and vapid, but that's all online flirting is.
Approach girls IRL, much easier than online.
i bet she was a stacy egirl, omegle is all normalfags in 2023
Hmmm I see. At least irl, you have basic decency to where this kind of shit doesnt happen. At least from what I have seen
No she was a LTN becky.
Good thing I'm handsome, because height is just a part of attractiveness. Face, on the other hand, is so much more impactful, grants an actual halo, and it's what truly gets the attention from women.
Another plus to me, is that I'm fit at a non-pathetic height of 5'11.5, making actual use of my non-midgetness. Sad to say to you lardbros and lanklets but... your height is worthless if you're fat, skinny, ugly, or all at once.
Just play along at this point. Retards are just beyond anything. Mass-murdering them all is the only actual cure, but we both know that's hard to do.
This is why I use the text only option. I met an Arab Stacy that looked like babyfacedhoe and had the best time of life with her. Only person I ever flew out for. I fucking wish I still had the pics of her. Long distance fucking sucks
yeah plus IRL if you're really confident, bordering a little on arrogance, it's really easy to pull girls in public settings like parties or nightclubs. If I limited myself to online dating I wouldn't be surprised if I never lost my virginity.
How am I a dick anon?
You went on an R9K on Omegle, what did you expect? Not only did she not have to worry about social repercussions, because it's Omegle, she probably was mentally ill (R9K tag). 
Meet people in real life.
I absolutely will. Girls never ever have to face any consequence for their actions, because there'll always be guys around to give them what they want.
If you haven't stopped contributing to this, you're making things worse with each little bit.
And OP did it due to not putting 2 and 2 together, that any "femcel" has had heaps of average men in her life, all of whom she has given the cold shoulder. Why would she need to go online, to look for yet another one? She got her ego boost and ditched him.
"Femcels" are nowhere as ostracized as they should be, all because of the illusion that they're achievable pussy.
just stop fucking around with mentally ill dogs
simple as
shit like this is never a problem in real life
focus on chasing the normie-life
if you fail, kill yourself
much better than living hell on earth in places like omegle/4chan/r9k
Then what do you expect anon to do? 
If he wants to escape inceldom but escaping involves talking to said women who talk to average men all the time then he will never escape
heavenly trips. If anyone wants to escape inceldom they have to go for higher percentage plays, which means IRL approaching, but most incels are scared shitless of human interaction which is why they fail at it.
Personally the highest rate of success I've seen is a normie adopting an incel and showing him the ropes.
Is this place /normie now wtf. Talk to girls irl just be NT this place changed. You guys just aren't the same anymore...
What happened?
nigga do you expect me to hand out shitty advice like go fishing in discord anime servers for a girlfriend? Goddamn. Newsflash, there are only a VERY few truecels out there, most people end up having sex and come back here to hand out advice to hopefully help some brothers out. Or should I just pretend to be a hikkineet khhv to make you feel in good company?
I have to go outside to fucking work and I went to school. So its not like Im blind to real life
If it really was as simple as leaving my room I would be cured by now :/
A huge chunk of men will not escape celibacy, the dynamics have changed. Embracing celibacy as a lifestyle can only improve our situation. Other realistic options are being the safety net for some 30 years old single mom.
t. 2 years until magic powers
chill out nigger, it's just some random woman, walk in the city you'll see hundreds of them
nigga of course it's not as simple, but it's the first step!! You gotta take baby steps for this sort of shit. In fact that ain't even the first step, you gotta look FLY AS FUCK before you step out of the room.
yeah nigga and trust fund babies don't have to work to buy a lambo, you can either complain about it or play the hand you've been dealt like a man.
i will never stop doing this
doing in it real life is how you get absolutely shit on for not having friends
I got a job for 6 months talked to normies and it was alright but nothing changed I was still an outcast and I went right back in my room. At least I have money for snacks and games now for the next year or two
if you have zero friends then yeah you have to go for out-of-the-box strategies. I can guarantee if you were in my city though I could take you out partying and you'd have a girl latched onto you by the end of the night. Friends that can wingman/wingwoman are a blessing.
what does LTN stand for?
low tier normie
I suppose youre right. that is where rape comes in
For calling OP retarded for at least trying with women
Idk why you retards think that even if you get "together" it'll last
Long distance shit never works
Thread should have ended here. Seriously, OP, what the fuck do you expect? I get it, you have to shoot your shot as much as you can, it's a numbers game. But that's the thing, you're picking the absolute worst odds and hoping your shot lands. Let's see
online dating
Generally they're gonna be more shallow than IRL girls, that's the reality of it.
omegle
Not even a real dating app, just a random website where people from all over the world can gather. Realistically the best case scenario is that the girl might live a few hours away from you, and then if it progresses beyond that you're stuck in a long distance "relationship" until she leaves you for someone she met IRL and you end up feeling like a cuck (again, realistically).
Going out of your way to filter by "mentally ill", good job.
That's three strikes, please try another strategy, for your own good. Take it from someone who wasted a lot of time messing with online bitches. Honestly, I would even go as far as to say that it's better to be alone.
for being stupid enough to believe that femcels were real you stupid fucking simp
