Why are vegans wrong? Why does everyone tries their best to make fun of a group that genuinely tries to reduce total amount of suffering in the world?
1. Animals can suffer
2. It's wrong to inflict unnecessary suffering
3. It's wrong to eat meat that was secured through intentional suffering
I'm not a full vegan since I'm ok as long as you use some anesthetics or something to kill animals and keep them relatively well off in farms, these animals aren't smart enough to care about future but so merely ending their life without suffering isn't that big of a deal considering our gains. So vegans seem pretty much right.
insecurity
They are deeply, morally right but our biology was based on those animal's too and we can't just switch to being herbivores over night. Those animals ARE smart enough to care about the future, they want to live, they want to reproduce and keep their genes going...
I can't stand what we do do them... But I can't survive without their protein...
The solution is to reduce certain "human" populations down so we reduce demand on nature to keep feeding us.
I do not eat pork anymore if that helps you sleep
You anthropomorphize the suffering of baser animals to that of our own. You maladapt instincts crucial to our survival as a species onto other species. The reasons you have empathy and sympathy are to better help and cooperate with fellow humans. The genus Homo was and is a carnivorous genus that adapted to be better at hunting and as much as 50% of their diets in the past consisted of animal protein.
Overall the extrapolation of human morals onto animals is just moralizing wash and vegans never shut up, they're like missionaries. No one likes the pastor who goes door-to-door, so why would anyone like the vegan who barges into unrelated conversations or boards of discussion?
I dislike them very much. Their intentions are irrelevant because at the end of the day all they accomplish is self-harm, and if they promote their mental illness they harm other humans too. You can't change what you are. You're an obligate carnivore whether you accept it or not. You will gradually deplete your nutrient stores, accumulate diseases, and suffer until you either die or eat animal products again. You will never be an herbivore, you will never be an omnivore, and you will never be a woman
yeah except free will exists and there are animals not only better but smarter than YOU, you pseudo-philosopher
Well, first of all.
Meat and dairy products are the only foods that stimulate the release of leptin in the human body (the satiation hormone)(because fo the protein and fat content, yes, but good luck finding those ratios in plant based foods. Spoiler alert: you cant).
Plants cant do that.
Also, the lack of vitamin B and A and micronutrients like coline or creatine in a plant based diet is a health hazard.
Not the average american has those boxes checked lmfao, you fucking obesefags.
Still, a vegan diet is not suited for humans, we didnt evolve with it and we cant live with it without repercussions.
This is why people shit on veganism. This guy, the guy who has no ethics at all and tries to make a joke out of ANYTHING and EVERYTHING for attention
free will exists
It arguably doesn't.
Looks like I touched a nerve.
I'm Christian. Non-Christians can't be morally right. Veganism denies some pretty basic Christian principles. Therefore vegans can't be morally right. I'm fine with vegans up until the point I learn they are vegans. Why can't they just practice don't say don't tell? Most of them are homosexual so it's not like they're unfamiliar with the concept.
i was a vegan for 10 years and i was fine. you're just weak and backwards rationalizing
idc about vegans, i just hate the ones that feel like they are superior human beings. If you are like that, just remember that I eat double meat so that your effort is useless.
no, free will objectively exists. i was born knowing the proof.
of course, you are a stain on my reality, as you are on the animals, vegans, actually anyone and everyone trying their best
it's not my fault YOU don't have free will
How is wanting less intentional animal suffering maladptive? I never had to hunt for food in my life and thinking about animal suffering doesn't systemically cause someone to have fewer kids.
Vegans are hypocrites who cry over some chicken that hasn't even been alive for 24 hours being sent to a meatgrinder, but they have absolutely no problem enabling slavery and misery in far away nations as long as it allows them to live a comfortable life. Fuck all vegans and I'm glad they're killing themselves for their shitty life choices and nutrient depleted diets.
why don't you stop reproducing? I did
"And was fine"
Have you ever drawn your bloods?
Probably havent, cuz you'd see you are not so fine LOL.
Being strong and picking up heavy things is literally my job
why do you assume vegans aren't ancap. it's the same thing as not buying human slave labor products>>73193442
because you're too stupid to think. your job can be done by a machine, faggot
You can't understand why someone who thinks you and systems you support are contributing to huge amount of suffering would try to convince you to do otherwise?
Human suffering isn't a joke, and it's more important than the suffering of all the other animals. Vegans don't give a shit about humanity in the slightest as evidenced by your reply
i'm the guy who was vegan for 10 years arguing with this sadists. i'm not vegan anymore, life circumstance has forced me to eat meat being i've been constantly pursued. My life rotted all the way through and eating nonvegan is the only way to deal with the stress
Can't forget vitamin K2 or how fiber from plants affects your stomach pH(it raises it) which affects absorption of nutrients. Then there are issues with how fucking processed all of their food tends to be.
"objectively exists."
Your subjectivity is showing.
"i was born knowing the proof."
Your subjectivity is showing.
I take care of and tend to more animals than you do. I also eat plenty of meat. Stay upset.
You shouldn't view things in purely reproductive means. You not eating meat or any animal products will harm your development though. There's a reason our brain sizes grew several fold when our ancestors started eating meat. Meat is dense with energy, it lacks many of the toxins that plants produce to disincentivize their predation(which in many cases they actively target your ability to absorb nutrients vital to your growth or survival) and it opened up more options for caloric gain.
Ok buddy LMFAO.
U r too shtupid to dink
I brought science to the debate, you brought:
you're irrational, you animal>>73193480
get off your high horse. >>73193484
another animal
You need to take your olanzapine, OP. Your family is worried about you.
LMAAAAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUCKING TOLD YOU SO
Lol, nigger. Bet you're gorging yourself on beef liver, eggs and milk aren't you? Yeah, they're the most nutrient dense foods out there. Try deenz next.
why don't you stop talking?
Vibing on my high horse
Know where your meat is coming from so you're not contributing to factory farm niggery, and don't ever waste any to show that you respect and understand that ANY living thing you eat required time and energy to grow, plants included. We're all just kind of struggling to continue on a planet that's mostly salt water and the weather wants you dead. Humans are part of nature, too, and our species grew up being hunters of varying sorts. If not eating meat is what you wanna do then cool, but at least be realistic about it.
Because you're fun to talk with, OP (^:. So did they put you on atypicals or typicals?
well whatever man, if you was you smug bastards that did it. and i'll make u pay for the pain i've cost the animals>>73193504
doesn't do nothing
Christians don't have morals or ethics. Christians just have in-group preference and say they can do whatever they want, other creatures or life be damned.
fucking cannibals
vegan's primary concern is with animal suffering, do you have any disagreement there if they don't object to eating meat that was collected though painless means? - this would increase the price of buying meat to have all the new systems setup
first off, the vegan production method takes more resources than animals.
secondly, they try to shove it on other people's faces, on animals, and on children.
Human suffering is worse than animal suffering.
This should be obvious
Wrong. Omnivorous.
Why does everyone say this about a particular group they dislike? It's called activism. And of course ideologies that put emphasis on certain morals are going to advise others to follow it, because it is considered the right way to do things
Probably but that's not relevant as the suffering type being compared isn't equal here. You are comparing human suffering to pay a little extra for meat to animals being grown and kept in shitty environment from birth and then getting chopped/shredded.
because normal people don't do activism against the fringes.
also nobody wants to get fake blood thrown at them and all the other shite.
No objections to that but the way you're putting it makes it out that they'd ban all other forms of meat production which I have objections with. You don't get a hegemony on how humans procure their resources because you're upset. Also let's not even forget how they get upset about people even getting eggs from their own chickens or honey from honeybees.
No, we're omnivores but that necessarily means we're both carnivorous(prone to eating meat) and herbivorous(prone to eating plants). If I said we were a carnivore genus then you'd have some ground to stand on, you pedant.
I don't mind activists (when they're sane, anyway), but there is a definite cult thing going on with veganism. You can find people who escaped talking about it sometimes. Any slip-up is enough to get you on a massive shitlist, and facts will be ignored in preference of pushing ideology. This is where you get witch hunts, dogpiles, people killing their carnivorous pets with vegan diets, babies dying due to malnutrition, and so on. It's also worth noting that diet cult culture isn't limited to veganism, they just tend to be the most outspoken and have the most health casualties. It's not about being healthy or kind, it's about being right.
But they are wrong so they should at least have the decency to be wrong in silence. They don't honestly believe the nonsense they say. It's just lies.
You dont know how economies work lol
I don't get it. If you agree reducing suffering is good thing as long as we get the meat we need even at slightly higher price, why would you not be in favor of requiring this system everywhere?
You think humanity ever lived in a free market?
I don't believe that you don't believe that they genuinely believe it
If meat is not produced there is no meat to be sold.
If you want "lab meat" to be whats sold you are delusional, no country would accept that because that would monopolize the most important food to the only countries able to produce it.
Also, it wouldnt just "cost a bit more", it would be inaccessible to the majority of people.
Think before you type before you type bruh
Because you're taking away agency from people. If you want to maintain your morals and support businesses that will treat their animals more humanely at a greater cost to you then go for it. You don't however get to push that onto people who disagree with your morals, especially when you're not going to even partake in what you're making them pay more for. Think of it like this too: Why would any meat eater support paying more for the food they enjoy in order to satisfy people who will not enjoy said food and who often look down on or despise them.
meant for >>73193607
originaluy
I'm fine with animal meat as long as they are raised relatively suffering free and killed painlessly. I have no opinion on scifi lab meat.
Vegans like to talk about how animals are raised yet they've never actually milked a cow or killed and butchered a pig. They've never even fed chickens before. Veganism only works if you are clueless about taking care of animals. They have no right to speak on such things. They don't even have experience digging up potatoes or shelling beans. They're all mentally defective suburb/city dwellers completely disconnected from food production. Somehow they think food just magically appears on grocery store shelves or in their parents pantry and there's nothing more involved.
How would enough meat for middle class people be produced if mass farming (idk how its called, you get it tho) wasnt a thing?
The point is whether or not you agree that reducing unnecessary suffering is a good thing if cost is reasonable enough. If you think rape is bad and then you don't want to make rape illegal because it takes away agency from people who might want to rape, the reasoning doesn't make sense to me.
This comment is so flawed jesus christ
gas em to sleep before taking them out, doesn't seem expensive
I suspect you are being dishonest but at best you are wrong.
They also are pretty clueless on nature itself and think all meat production comes from factory farms. You know it's funny, schizophrenia and other mental disorders are more likely to develop in people who were raised in cities. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schizophrenia
"Possible environmental factors include being raised in a city, childhood adversity, cannabis use during adolescence, infections, the ages of a person's mother or father, and poor nutrition during pregnancy.[5][18]"
Really makes one think.
My arguments are on human suffering being a matter of importance and animal(non-human) suffering being a matter of unimportance. Obviously raping humans is bad, however the consequences of animals being harmed for the benefit of humans is ultimately of good to humanity.
You gonna gas 'em with CO2? You also do know that the most basal form of fear in vertebrates is hypoxia, right? It's not a quick way to go and it's dangerous to any workers in the area, let alone if an accident occurs.
Picrel
Already on it tho
Jibberish to not get banned
Yes.
1. Animals can suffer
Yes.
2. It's wrong to inflict unnecessary suffering
No it's not.
No it's not. If it's carcinogen free it's okay to eat.
Super-Based and redpilled
What are the exceptions? Don't answer or you'll commit an antisemitic hate crime.
People don't like feeling judged, and want to think of themselves as good people. The suggestion that maybe we're all doing something on the same level of evil as slavery is an extreme cognitive dissonance. 
Diet is particularly hard to change, too (just think of how hard it is for people to lose weight).
I agree with vegan arguments yet continue to eat meat because I don't know how to properly get my nutrition needs while being vegan, and because it takes enough willpower just not to eat junk food and get fat.
Effort takes energy, and maintaining personal mental and physical health comes first, because everything rests on that. I worry that's just a motivated justification though.
Animal suffering is irrelevant. Wolfs wouldn't give two shits for my feelings as they devour me alive because I encroached on their territory or because they were hungry. I'd agree with limiting the unnecessary suffering but straight up refusing to eat meat just goes against human nature.
didnt read dont care
being vegan is good because the resources required, waste produced, and pollutants emitted from eating meat is insane. the worlds population will continue to grow and i dont think we can reasonably make enough meat nor deal with its downsides
I'm not vegetarian but it doesn't take any willpower to not get fat. Plant based diets are what make people fat. People who get most of their calories can't get fat even if they want to. Not being fat is the default state for people. It takes effort to get fat because that is different from the normal default body type.
"overpopulation" could be solved in a single generation if competent countries stopped sending aid to shithole countries. It's not about meat, it's that good people are being forced at gunpoint to assist worthless subhumans v
Jesus fucking christ you are retarded.
No, animals no conception of time or future, let alone GENES. Animals do not have abstractions, only immediate reactions. 
You seem to not understand that animals actually have scripts, like robots, in their heads, that make them act certain way regardless of how they feel. This is what instinct is, not some gut feeling "lala what should I do". Instinct is the only reason animals reproduce. There are many species where reproduction is torturous and even suicidal process, but animals will fall into it despite pain and suffering that comes with it. If you have ever actually interacted with animals you would see the inner conflict.
So first the psyop was that you cant get enought calories on a vegan diet and you will look like *insert some picture of a anorexic vegan* if you dont eat meat because plants dont have any calories now plants have TOO MANY calories and a plantbased diet will make you fat you need a low calorie food like meat to balance it out.
Suffering is the fundament of life. Its essence is stealing other living beings energy via consumption to stay alive. Weird how our ancestors all understood that and denounced living in all religions, yet nowadays we pretend that "happiness" is a real thing, not just heavenly mirage.
The only way to "minimize" suffering is unironically to murder and abort. By being vegan you dont alleviate even single ounce of suffering, merely avoid responsibility for it. Which is pointless for anything other virtue signaling.
Nonindustrial exploitation of animals is actually a net positive for them in the same way as living in civilisation is a net positive for humans despite the fact that 70% of humanity historically have been slaves. Thats all of course if you are "I value life" fag.
