30
KHV
Have never even been on a date before
Never get matches on dating apps that aren't just girls advertising their snapchat or instagram 
Still feel terribly lonely and wish that I could be in a relationship
Still want to fall in love
How do I turn this around? 
Is it possible to turn this around? 
Is 30 too old to have my first date?
Is 30 too old to have my first kiss?
Can't imagine how much of an extremely fucking loser you'd have to be to either draw or commission that faggot ass picture.
You don't.
No.
Yes. 
Yes.
There is no meaning left in life if you didn't achieve young romantic love by 25.
Just give up dude. That's what I did and I've never been happier.
Well, even now, I can't say I'm quite happy, but I wouldn't say my life is meaningless either. I think even if I remain a virgin my entire life, I can still find some sort of value in my existence. 
Have you found happiness in your hopelessness? I think I can hold out hope for a while longer.
She does them of her own accord to bring in simp followers.
Have you found happiness in your hopelessness?
Just find someone else that you enjoy to focus on. It's not like monks in the olden days were all horribly depressed all the time because they can't get pussy.
You're right, they weren't, but I know the Ascetic life is not for me.
Is 30 too old to have my first date?
Is 30 too old to have my first kiss?
What an insanely pathetic thing to ask. You literally cannot come back from being this pathetic.
I'll admit that it's not something I'm proud of, but neither do I believe it to be "insanely pathetic." 
Being a late bloomer is not a sin.
It should be a crime desu
Can someone explain to me the appeal of disgusting cow bags?
Never get matches on dating apps that aren't just girls advertising their snapchat or instagram 
How is this a problem? You got matches and they are telling you where to find them, it seems like your problem for not following up
how fucking retarded ARE you? They shill their snap to ask for money or grow their shitty OF. Some women literally just want to increase their score on snap.
You gotta buy a ticket if you want to win the lottery
this. zoomer women are social media addicted to the point they'll lure in ramdom simps and get them to follow and interact on their pages. a lot of them aren't even shilling their OF they just crave attention that bad.
What is the last time you have talked to a woman?
last time was about 2 months ago. she said i was a red flag. the last time before that was about 5 months ago. that's when i got fired for sexual harassment.
Yeah, so no offense, but I am not sure you are the best person to be giving advice about meeting and talking to women
Its too late from conception if you aren't wired a certain way. If you're meek, think about others more than yourself, follow a golden rule like "Don't be rude and make up for mistakes because that's what I want others to do for me" then you'll be a doormat, taken advantage of, and not seen as a suitable mating partner.
The worst thing you can do in this life is be a male who does not want to take advantage of others, or anything.
giving advice about meeting and talking to women
i wasn't giving advice, i was just stating the fact that women are social media addicted parasites. im talking from experience btw. last job i had a lot girls had me add them on snapchat and instagram and then they never spoke to me.
nice guys finished last! 
I thought your lot died off in the 90s?
Why not just tell them you dont use insta or snap?
No one cares what you think flatty
Stretch marks before 30
DISGUSTING
How do I turn this around?
YOU HAVE TO GO OUTSIDE AND PHYSICALLY TOUCH GRASS WITH YOUR SKIN EVERYDAY. QUIT PORN, QUIT REDDIT9K, QUIT ROTTING INSIDE
Is it possible to turn this around?
YES
Is 30 too old to have my first date?
IT ISN'T IDEAL BUT WHAT ELSE R U GONNA DO? GIVE UP LIKE A BITCH
Is 30 too old to have my first kiss?
SEE PREVIOUS
I BELIVE IN U BROTHER
YOU HAVE TO GO OUTSIDE AND PHYSICALLY TOUCH GRASS WITH YOUR SKIN EVERYDAY.
I wonder what normies think this actually does? It literally doesn't help.
Romance is mere brain chemistry. I mean what does a geezer khv have to say that can prove that wrong if you are wanting to? You hold onto silly childish delusions akin to a neo nazi thinking he can revive the fourth reich in his life
I wonder what normies think this actually does? It literally doesn't help.
WORKED FOR ME FAGGOT
There is no meaning left in life if you didn't achieve young romantic love by 25
unsure what world you live in. have you ever seen mycena interrupta in person, or perhaps xylaria polymorpha?
When I was a kid, playing in the grass gave me hives.
It's ogre, your sperm is at its best between 20-30. After 30 if you have no kids of your own, you're better off staying a bachelor and casualsexmaxxing or raise a baby that you didn't make.
It gives everyone hives, you're not special
Nonsense. Even if male fertility worked like female fertility, he'd be better off finding a relationship and just not having kids.
So is despair. So is everything. Everything is just brain chemistry, but that doesn't mean you have no control over it.
Being a late bloomer
Being a late bloomer means getting your first gf at 20 or so in the real world.
No woman will want to spend her only life with an awkward virgin like you
nonsense
Uhhh it's common knowledge sperm degrades after 30. If you want your kids to be strong and healthy you should bank sperm before then if you are still single.
Just become a gymcel orgn
Guess what kind of men women want? I will give you a hint, its not gym guys
The purpose isn't to get women, it's to find a distraction.
Is 30 too old to have my first date?
Is 30 too old to have my first kiss?
It depends, why haven't you done those things? 
It's doable for sure, I did all of those things a few months before I turned 30, but it really depends on that why.
Cause he's an ugly sperg obviously
