I'm sexually attracted to pubescent girls. What do I do?
Exclusively? Or can you still get hard to adult women?
Become a eunuch and get castrated (only cutting off testicles)
For to get in the Kingdoom of Heaven you have to be a Eunuch
Not exclusively, but sometimes after I jack off enough, adult women don't do it for me anymore. That's not to imply that I don't enjoy young girls at other times, however.
Then you have no problem. Every healthy man enjoys a bit of cunny from time to time.
Ok, but like...I should still try to stop, right?
Don't. I lost 5 years of my life on probation and 30k for lawyers. Had to go to therapy. Got it all vacated but for a few years my life was pretty annoying for one night of bunny cunny. 
My advice. Date short chick's instead.
Yeah I'm gonna need the story on this one
I don't have that problem but I'm still attracted to teens (which are legal in other states but not in mine)
at least jerk off less
kek holy shit man
Assuming I ever end up with a wife/gf, should I ever tell her about this? Part of me wants to be honest, but part of me thinks it will just bring trouble.
Plead the 5th and 6th then find the biggest kite in town to represent you.
Attorney said if I had not plead the 5th and 6th immediately I would have been gone forever.
I did what he told me to and plead to a lesser charge with no registration and probation.
I DID have to go to jail for 6 months, but it was actually very chill and made a DND group to pass time.
GF sent me tons of books and commissary money.
As to what really happened? Dindu nuffin
never do this
GF was the one with bunny snatch you crushed? How old was the girl you were accused of being with?
Isn't it important to be open and honest in a relationship?
There's honesty and then there's oversharing.
Yeah, part of me thinks it would just make not ever trust me around kids or anything (Even though I would never do that). How do I cope knowing that i have this secret though?
Did you mean prepubescent?
Just dont get caught man. How old was she?
Did you mean prepubescent?
No, that would pedo. I like girls who are just starting puberty
Ephebophilia is still illegal. Expect glowies.
