should I get a vagina? some of them actually end up looking pretty good.
If you want a vagina, get a girlfriend.
remember that your body will recognise it as a wound and its always going to end up fucked up.
i just saw this on /tttt/ and had a wierd urge to send this to my dad like "wow some trans pussy actually turns out good :0"
but then i realized why the fuck would i do that and just remembered i shoud probably be medicated so i dont bother people who arent NEETs with this type of garbage
https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/dota2_gamepedia/images/a/ae/Vo_pudge_pud_attack_13.mp3/revision/latest?cb=20200821221825
search by creation date
tons of tranny posts
none of them even look close to women but are being shilled 
Christ
That's not true. Initially, your body will try to close it up because you just had major surgery that cut up your genitals. After it heals dilating every day is not necessary, but it will become tighter over time if you don't have sex or dilate once a week, but it will not close up.
If your body literally saw it as a open wound forever, then you would go into shock everytime you have sex.
That's not how it works. The dilating trannies who decide to get vaginas do is to prevent atrophy and isn't because it's a wound trying to heal itself.
Not a tranny but I have an ostomy from ulcerative colitis and even though it's a piece of intestine cut open and pulled through my abdomen it never "tries to heal" because that's not how folded over organ tissue works.
having sex with a man made pussy.
dysphoria treatment aside it would honestly be less foul to just fuck a tranny's asshole while he still had his cock and balls.
Like its already an incredibly hard sell 
hey you know how everyone sort of pumps and dumps insane women and never dates them?
well do i have a deal for you! Its a man! The facial structure of a male, the upper torso of a male, the lower body of a male, and the mind of a male but with a mind severely damaged! We treated him with cosmetic surgery the thing we reccomend mentally ill people do not do as it often furthers their issues!
So now you got this mentally ill boyfriend if you even decide to start that relationship. This boyfriend is much worse than a gay male, he is much worse than the worst woman, and in general its being proven more and more everyday that the bulk of these people are harmful to themselves
the entire board of /lgbt/ as evidence
ontop of that you are gambling that they do not
kill themselves
reverse the transition after gaining a stable environment to work their issues out
harm you
this is a nightmare choice for anyone who is not on the verge of suicide.
