so this is what chuds are up to when nobody is looking?
It's too stretched out. Oh gosh, that isn't good at all.
yea i used to be a poltard now i spend all day stretching out my boicunt :3
ewww he ruined his ass gross sick misinformed men wtf
this can't be good for your bowels
WHAT THE FUCK
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i remembered walking in on someone like this
Chuds can't help exposing their bussies
Wow So like...
When he have have to shit, does it just fall out?
That cannot be healthy
It tightens back up in a few minutes. I can hilt bad dragon chance XL and have no incontinence issues.
None of you eat enough fiber and it shows
the bad dragon videos were worse
flabby bussy
11" or so dildo 
mask
incel glasses
The saddest sissy cream I've ever seen desu, and that's saying something
Well damn, see how you are obviously into anal.
Do you still enjoy having anal sex with a dude with average or even large penis when you can take a whole XL dragon didlo?
No men can compete with that
You end up training the muscles very well. Small weiners are fun to ride and clamp down on. If I flex hard it's very difficult to get it in.
I've only been with a few guys of average size and I enjoyed it since it's entirely different and they said I was incredibly tight.
A few hours of plugs and big toys and I'm very much loose goose mode.
You get fucked up from forcing things and tearing muscles.
Ah so it's different experiences with different sizes. Not gonna lie that's kinda hot plus I learned something
Thanks anon
guys who use those big ass dildos always have the ugliest assholes.
anal is so fucking disgusting
t. faggot
And yet you probably still want to get TOPPED by a tall, hairy man.
no i don't, but i do want to have both our pps in an onahole while we both have prostate massagers in our butts...
As a top I do not find that appealing at all. I'd rather be making you moan with a certain tool of mine whilst nothing is inside of me.
you're the one missing out buddy, prostate stimulation is a natural version MDMA
Which is exactly why you should be so grateful that I'd give you that stimulation whilst making you understand your place (^:
nah, i want wholesome love, not help someone compensate for their lack of confidence
wants to stick toys up their butt and their SO's butt whilst fucking a sextoy
"wholesome love"
You just have your preferences, don't be so pretentious about it.
getting someone's asshole ripped apart and making them wear diapers before 30 years old is NOT wholesome
That's not how normal anal sex works. Use lube, do proper prep and so on and you'll be fine. If you want something wholesome then your partner being more gentle is what you'd expect, no? The kinds of people who're incontinent and have to use diapers are not being caring of their well-being.
play semantics all you want but you're the one that brought up the TOPPED meme, which has a very unwholesome connotation
disgusting but i also wish i was this good at anal
The unwholesome connotation is fucking with retards whining about not having GFs. It's largely done to tease others though.
I would know, I'm one of the people who did it.
why is he using that incredibly uncomfortable hardwood chair when there's a bed right behind him?
he doesn't want to make a mess on the bed by unleashing a torrent of lubricated shit and diarrhea
put a towel down?
yeah i guess. maybe he's on a chair for a kink or something
The bed is probably too soft and he'd sink into it, but he still needs to be elevated for whatever webcam/camera he's using for that video.
he could put a pillow down to lift his ass up
better start practicing then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7bOAE_s8UI [Embed]
Fair point, it might also be that he wants to be close to the computer(which I assume is what he was viewing on while he was doing this, probably a camwhore). Being further back on the bed makes things a bit less convenient. Also as far as a pillow on a hardwood chair, those slide off really easily so I don't think he'd want that either.
surely him wearing his glasses would allow him to see his computer from the bed?
I don't think so. It seems like he has a really bright light in the corner and that's outshining any other possible reflections(it only needs to be so much brighter than a computer monitor for it to hide its reflection). You can also see him looking towards the camera at numerous points.
"canadian" made the same thread on /pol/
This just proves how much Chinks shill troons and then blame jews.
I was all for it until he pulled it out and I saw how massive it was. Good God.
