Do you have anybody you love, r9k? I love and adore my qt sweet r9k bf.
You're my cute /r9k/ gf forever!&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
havent had a genuine interest in a woman in like a year or two
Platonically? Many people.
Romantically? One.
same here kiddo
how's that going for you?
When does tranny-kun get his ban lifted
Soon + 2 weeks
I LOVE MY FAMILY
I LOVE MY FRIENDS
I LOVE THE LOSERS ON R9K THAT I SEE MYSELF IN
plenty of people, my family and my closest friends. Also I have love for some people that I met out on my adventures, people with whom I spent little time but pivotal in making future decisions.
I have lost that loving feeling long ago.
I experience episodes of lust punctuated with loneliness and regret.
Risk to reward ratio in social settings is wack for weird people today, and women are largely not worth the trouble.
I plan on never having a gf and if i ever get a woman it will be a green card wife (probably) and she will bear my children and maintain the house while i work or else i will just leave.
how did you find him? in a thread? i want one too
Yeah in a thread I he added me and now hes me sweetheart. I love him forever now.
Why does this shit get so many bumps when my search threads get like 4 then die instantly. I hate you.
What are your search threads? Link one.
It is not fair.
There aren't many gay/bi men here so they can't really reply to vy for your attention.
There is not much to work with. What kind of reply do you want?
I mean what should I add to the OP then? I want to find my ideal person is what I would want. I suppose I could list more things.
I could just say mtf but that seems disingenuous because I dont want to be a woman.
You could just say you're an HRT male. But still the same problem is there. There aren't many people interested in men and very few will pass your extremely high standards even if you had hundreds of offers.
My standards are not extremely high just specific, I feel. If anything most of what I want is considered negative by most people.
Instead of mirroring a soc post, ask a question that resonates with you and add the person who engages well with it. You could put some baity picture to get a lot replies to the time wasting question
Hm. I could try that I guess, but I think I need to make clear what I am looking for/my standards, I guess I will make that clearer going forward. Going to be here forever anyways looking for nothing.
I mean very specific when I say "high standards". It's like a 1 in 100000 person to have never had any friends.
They dont have to have never had any, just not have any now.
Next time I see your thread I will give it a bump, I want to see more love on this board, after all!
What if they abandon them to be with you instead? Almost everyone will at least have an online fwen or two to at least to put a plug in terminal loneliness.
If that is your standard then you can easily gauge if they fulfill it within the discussion. Also I see your standard and it is pretty niche. 
Having no friends currently is probably more achievable, but maybe this is really important to you. Funny enough I personally feel I have never had an ounce of intimacy or closeness myself. However, I am pretty indifferent to it. And like that you ask for a thing out of schizoids who do not really seek relationships.
Thanks, I guess. 
That is unsustainable and if they do that they resent me, I have tried it before. Also, if they have them to begin with they do not share a similar perspective as mine.
You would be suprised, people lie about it.
They dont have to have never had them. I dont care about physical intimacy or closeness, even if me and that person just messaged each other all day everyday it would be okay, I care about emotional things and understanding.
My mother and father, my brother and sister, my grandmother and my dead grandparents, one of my grand uncles maybe, a handful of first and second cousins and two dogs that my family used to have but are long dead. Bout it
It's funny I came across this thread because I was feeling grief over my grandfather who had died in 2021. I miss him a lot right now
i love a femanon i met from this board, nothing like the other ewhores quite fucking literally. she's so hot and stuff she's way out of my league, and probably doesn't reciprocate these feelings even though our conversations have a lot of sexual tension.
besides that i love my family, my small group of friends (were closely knit), and my dog.
Maybe a different standard for friendship. What constitutes a friend is different for many. You seem possessive and want reciprocation of similar. I hope you have ideal traits to support that
I make it rather clear I mean anyone they talk to regularly. I am very possessive, yes. I would like it reciprocated. What traits would you be referring to.
How do you define love? I can't really be sure how to answer your question because is to general.
Traits like being interesting or cute irl. It is only really possible to be possessive for someone that is a so called catch.
Seems overwhelming.
I love my immediate family, my frens, and Jesus. Other than that, I can't think of anyone. If it wasn't for the knowledge that Christ is there for me, I'd rope.
I am neither, just go ahead and tell me I cant find what I am looking for and move on, everyone does already. If I hadnt been told to do it I would be drowning myself this summer anyways.
Not romantically, no.
One day though, I've met a few cool people through here but nothing has really stuck
It is possible. It is just very improbable. Out of millions of universes, you would find a fulfilling relationship in one of them I think. I was just curious about your situation. People with very little socialization have a lot of uniqueness
