We need a virus that kills all XYs. Total menocide.
i read that story... i feel like she was scared man that guy had them all locked up in the house. BUT at the same time.. thats your kids you should do whats best got uut kids.
even if he's like 6'11" that's not a chad.
just stop dressing and acting like a whore and nothing bad happens.
Compared to me, he certainly is and do remember the dickpill and socialskillpill. He went to prison and managed to convince a guard to sneak in a phone for free as a CHOMO. He then used the phone to sext with a 16 year old high school virgin foid. This guy lacks typical chad face but he is a CHAD
words have meanings... well the damage is done. normalfags love turning words about beauty into words about being "cool", there's a blackpill for ya
When will these women learn to hold off on letting grown ass men meet their children
Sometimes I genuinely wonder if men are even human.
I hope every moid dies a lonely, horrible death.
Yeah, foids aren't the problem at all.
If it makes foids mad, he did a good thing
alternatively you could stop getting wet for rapists and murderers. women propagate those genes, if they werent such shit people we wouldnt have things like OPs scenario play out over and over again.
I am not a normal cattle FAGGOT but you are right. He is not cool in anyway but he is a chad lite. A trucel like me could never achieve what the Chomo has
This is all unbelieveable really, but how the fuck did he kill 7 of them? we're they all in separate places? how do you even conjure the will to kill 7 people that span of time? he was a bong without a gun wasn't he?
i read in a article he took them to the yard and executed them. realistically most people would be terrified but would they run when they know they will just be shot in the back. dude was an abuser and locked them all in the house after he killed the 2 teens. that whole story is wild. he was a whole convicted rapist and convicted of child porn
women would rather marry someone like that over the average man. hard to feel sympathy in a case like that.
she knew too someone in her family told her AND THE WOMAN WHO WAS RAPED BY HIM WAS LETTING DETECTIVES KNOW HE WAS IN A RELATIONSHIP.. i saw the chicks facebook who was raped by him and shes blaming herself. i feel bad she told them everytime he was in a new relatonship and boom he kills his new wife and step kids adter 3 years of dating. fuck the cops fuck the feds fuck the dea they dont care
They wanted excitement.
Truth is, she was probably horny as he was killing them. Foids are wired wrong.
Yeah he shot them and it was in the US, my bad
i always feel bad after reading these stories i usually dont care but kids being murdered brutally for absolutely no reason is crazy to me. why take the kids with your shit life man
How can you say foids are wired wrong when you're making comments like that? Are you that devoid of any self awareness?
He was 5ft6. No Im not joking.
Canyou femoids get off my board? Nobody gives a fuck about you here. You are not a femcel. You do not share the same culture as us robots. You are just here to acquire the same vocabulary to chameleon your way in and feel special being in some fringe group. You are like those sigma losers or those losere self diagnosing themselves as autists. Just to be a tad more special then everyone else.
piece of shit guy and piece of shit girlfriend for no protecting her kids. how the fuck do you choose a bf over your kids. those kids man idk why this case hits me so much
