Got this sandwich straight from Japan 7 eleven for lunch. what are you anons eating for lunch dinner?
Japan
what a fucking weeb
youre playing league the rage will make you feel hungry again. that game is evil and the people who play it throw every game
From your keyboard I can infer that you wear programming socks and take titty skittles. That is all.
I had a homecooked meal, pretty good!
Jesus anon, just get some chicken, some bread, a pan, and fry up your chicken. It's cheaper, healthier, and tastes better. It only costs 15 minutes from start to finish.
League of Legends
Goyslop
Stupid RGB tranny keyboard
Confirmed for subhuman.
So?
im skinny 
Nah I like girls 
What was it?
But its not made in Japan
1 from each row
what would you get?
Oh right on I was was gonna ask if anyone know how to open this advance Japanese sandwich packaging technology. Its like they living in 2045
b)un bao
1,2 or 3 depending on the time
d
what are you anons eating for lunch dinner
some delicious brownies from the Publix bakery
I can probably eat 2 max before I get tired of all the chocolate
What do you prefer, FamilyMart, 7-11, or Lawson?
Meet up with me fucker let's have some drinks
In Shinjuku rn
I never been to japan my parents brought me back snacks
Sad, go now and don't return
Embrace your inner weeb
Water. Seven eleven sandwiches are good, I really miss Asian seven elevens.
my girl made me some aji de gallina.
What is the sauce originalismo?
I like the idea of traveling but not when im there
Parents said they were great. Paid using their phones for the first time too 
I will look up to see what that is. nice having a gf cook for you tho 
No idea
I cook for her too, where we're from if you can't cook you ain't a man at all.
sasuga ni taka sugiyaro
Pull tab in middle at the top.
I ate ground beef.
Parents said they were great. Paid using their phones for the first time too 
7 elevens in Asia are generally just better than the ones in the West. Truly convenient store.
I made mexican
mexican ground beef
heated tortillas
black bean salsa from aldi
hot salsa from kroger
shredded lettuce
mexican shredded cheese
sour cream
It was pretty alright I like how the aldi black bean salsa had corn in it
THAT SHIT LOOK MOIST BOY
are you a japanese girl browsing /r9k/ like its NHK? ni hao do you happen to play league?
Some prepared meal from a japanese supermarket.
Most other day something from 7-11 as well
from what i heard jap premade food isn't that bad in comparison with the goyslopt we have here in west.
