Long post, 4 pieces, to provide fair warning.
Something happened last month that I think has created a huge gap between me and my family. A little background first:
Me
28
My sister
Autistic KHV
My sister
Decent job
My sister
Own house, not a big one but I've got it, always keep it clean, especially for company
My sister
32
There comes a time where there's a family BBQ, can't be at my parents because their kitchen is being remodeled, can't be at my sister's because it's as shithole, so it's at my place. The first fucking moment after I hand her cunt husband a beer, he starts trying to belittle me.
Normie
There comes a time where there's a family BBQ, can't be at my parents because their kitchen is being remodeled, can't be at my sister's because it's as shithole, so it's at my place. The first fucking moment after I hand her cunt husband a beer, he starts trying to belittle me.
Has a husband who is a shithead
There comes a time where there's a family BBQ, can't be at my parents because their kitchen is being remodeled, can't be at my sister's because it's as shithole, so it's at my place. The first fucking moment after I hand her cunt husband a beer, he starts trying to belittle me.
2 sons, 7 and 5
There comes a time where there's a family BBQ, can't be at my parents because their kitchen is being remodeled, can't be at my sister's because it's as shithole, so it's at my place. The first fucking moment after I hand her cunt husband a beer, he starts trying to belittle me.
She has a job at a supermarket, as does her husband
There comes a time where there's a family BBQ, can't be at my parents because their kitchen is being remodeled, can't be at my sister's because it's as shithole, so it's at my place. The first fucking moment after I hand her cunt husband a beer, he starts trying to belittle me.
Rent a house, it's constantly filthy beyond reason, but bigger than my house because they need more room
There comes a time where there's a family BBQ, can't be at my parents because their kitchen is being remodeled, can't be at my sister's because it's as shithole, so it's at my place. The first fucking moment after I hand her cunt husband a beer, he starts trying to belittle me.
Then when I'm grilling, he's saying I'm doing x, y and z wrong, yet he's not cooked anything beyond craft macaroni. Fucker, I prepared for this, marinated shit and everything. The food came out really well, but even then he was trying to be a dick by saying "it would have been better if you did this".
Nothing new in terms of his attitude, but this is my turf, I'm getting real pissed that he's doing this in front of my parents, who are becoming very uncomfortable, and his kids, who are impressionable. It must have been showing on my face because my sister pulled me aside and asked me if something was bothering me. I asked her if she was oblivious to how he was just chipping away at me from the get-go, and told her to get him to dial it down or he's not welcome. She tells me she will, but it's clear that she doesn't think it's a big deal.
[1/4]
Fast forward a little, their kids are clearly restless and bored because it's just adults talking. The younger one wants ice cream and the older wants to play video games, so then the younger one suddenly wants that, too, so my sister asks if they can play with mine. I fucking love video games, I have a room in my house that used to be a second guest room that's now a media room, with all my consoles from NES to PS5 and my gaming PC. I've also got some collectibles in there like model kits, transformers and megazords. All but the kids know this, as they've always had a screen to drool over the last few times they were here.
Needless to say, I said no, the games and stuff I have aren't for kids and are quite expensive, don't want to risk damaging them. Her husband tells me to stop being precious over toys and let his kids play. I stood my ground, said no again, and that it's not my job to entertain his kids. My sister tells him to take the kids inside to play on his phone. Her and my parents then look at me worried, saying things like
It's as if I just screamed at them and their father, but I didn't so much as raise my voice. My parents changed the subject and after a few minutes of talking (listening), I went to the bathroom. My sister's husband and kids weren't in the living room, so I felt relief, thinking they had gone home. Nope, I get to the top of my stairs to see the dad trying to jimmy the media room open with the kids just sat against the wall, eyes glued to his phone. I told him to knock it off and that I said no before, he told me that I'm selfish and I shouldn't be so protective over it and that his kids were hounding him about it, so he had to do something. Those same kids were already busy frying every dopamine receptor they have between them on his phone less than 10 feet away, so I called bullshit and told him to leave. He thought I was joking, but I wasn't. He comes at me with
This is where I fucking lost it, I got right in his face and told him that if he didn't leave, I'd throw him out and having his kids around isn't going to change that. I also went on kind of a rant about I don't just have the things in there, I earned them and if he wanted his kids to play with those kinds of things, he should man up and make money of his own. I did raise my voice this time, so my parents and sister are there within a minute and the kids are staring up at us. I explained what I saw to them and that I want him out of my house. The cunt then starts saying that I said it was okay for them to go in and changed my mind at the last minute to spite them. I flipped out again, yelling that I just told them exactly what happened and that I won't let him lie about me to my family in my own house. The kids are now crying but I couldn't really bring myself to care, so I just asked my sister to take them all and leave, being very deliberately polite about it.
They finally fuck off and my parents start lecturing me about how that behavior isn't acceptable around children and they thought I knew that. I assured them that I did not tell them they could go in, and that my sister's husband was lying because I caught him trying to get past the locked door. They believe me but I start to get a little emotional as I always do when I'm overwhelmed with events like this and said that my sister's husband and kids don't have the right to treat me like that and do anything they want when they're in my house, if they don't respect the few rules I gave, they're not welcome.
I've had very little contact with any of them since, my sister will barely answer any texts from me and my parents don't want to talk about that when they do call me.
[3/4]
Last week, I saw that my Mom had posted a family photo taken at a restaurant of her, my Dad, sister, her husband and kids to the group chat the family uses. She quickly deleted it, but I called her the next day and told her I saw it anyway. I wouldn't have gone anyway, but they always ask me. That time, I got nothing, whatever. Then, this week, I was asking my sister about what we're doing for Mom's 65th Birthday, which is next month. She said she had a nice restaurant booked for late on in the evening, just me, her and our parents. Last night, I was talking with my Dad and my Mom's birthday came up. He said the venue is nice and my sister's planned a great party for her. I asked what he was talking about and he must have realized that I didn't know and why I wouldn't know, because he got quiet and wouldn't look at me.
I feel like I'm being iced out of my own family because of this shit, is it that the kids are being used as a weapon to keep me out of things? Have any of you anons had something similar happen and if so, how did you get over/around it?
[4/4]
idk man your sisters husband seems to be retarded but you can't loose your shit like that. all that stuff about "manning up" and you "standing your ground" or whatever sounds really gay and insecure. i mean i get it especially since you're alone in the situation i got really pissed off reading it. the only honest advice from one autist to another i can give is that i find it a lot better to always let my anger out immediately and therefore in smaller bursts. if my sisters husband talked shit about the food i made i would tell him exactly what you wrote, that he's pathetic trying to impress people and so on. it might seem extreme but normies actually can't do much about it. when you let them fuck with you and you bottle it up until you sperg out you will get the worst outcomes guaranteed. not taking shit you think is inappropriate and letting your anger out immediately is obviously not pleasant but it also won't escalate to the same degree as in your case.
The only people worth keeping in proper contact with here are your parents. just try and hang out with them without the other two. also the stuff your parents aren't inviting you to involve your sister and her husband, so your parents are deliberately making sure you two don't meet again - which honestly is smart on their end i'd say. But, the kids weren't going to break your ps2 you autist, should have just stayed in the room to supervise. Also you shouldn't ask r9k for advice or you get dumb responses like this one.
just ask youir parents to hangout some time. fuck teh sister and husband who cares
You're not in the wrong for this, the husband is. I get where your parents are coming from because they don't want to lose the relationship with their grandchildren. It's not right, but it seems like their son in law has final say in this matter. The kids are really young, and impressionable at this age. If this keeps up they will see their father for who he is and eventually try searching you out. Gst comfortable, because this will take a long ass time (probably late teens or 20s).
he had a lot more than just the ps2 and was in the right for not letting them play with his things. it's not unusual for parents not to allow kids into certain rooms or allowed to engage/play with certain things.
Not sure what you're wanting to hear here. Do you want to patch things up? Invite you parents and sister/BIL+kids over to another BBQ. pull out one of your consoles with some kid friendly shit (or go out of your way to purchase some kid friendly shit) and set it up in an area where they don't have access to your private stuff. Do this multiple times even if BIL+kids dont show. Make a point to tell your sister about the steps your taking so that you can all still be a family. Its doubtful BIL is going to be so chummy next time around, and thats good. Its better for yall to keep your distance.
You all sound like assholes. You could have handled the situation better. Your sister could have been more reasonable. Your sister's husband is borderline retarded. The only normal ones are the parents.
Also you should apologize to your sisters kids. Its not their fault their confused and retarded. As of right now you're a real piece of work in their eyes.
it sounds like there is a lot of insecurity at play on your part and the part of the husband. probably your insecurity lead to you overreacting here.
it is fair to say that you probably could have given the kids something to play that wasn't too valuable, eg a switch or something. a gracious host would have done this. at this point your reaction was probably fueled by alcohol and the constant potshots the husband was taking leading you to feel disrespected and escalate the situation like you did.
obviously the husband is also at fault here, probably feeling insecure as a provider at the table with you and your dad, trying to win back some man points, i don't think we really need to go in to any more detail about his motivations
all you can control is your reactions. at the end of the day if he's talking shit about you it doesn't matter, everyone sees you as more successful. everyone except you who is probably deeply insecure about being a KHV at your age and level of success who is embaressed to be at the table with two guys who are successful with women. your manhood is threatened in this sense in the same way his is about money that's why it turns in to a pissing contest with you two.
anyway in practical terms i don't think it matters much. ice them out for a few months (the whole family) and everything will return to normal eventually. next time you see him just be mindful and try to keep your emotions in check. 
finally maybe you need to consider spending less time with your parents and more time building a family of your own
Bro you gotta be smart in these situations, you can't just go out all guns and blazin. You either had to point out your frustration immediately in a stern and concise manner to him or bottle that shit up untill the day is over and talk to your sister and parents about her husbands behaviour. 
And dude, the kids are just that, kids, you could've let them game away. My sweetest memory as a kid was my uncle showing me his ps1 and letting me play it. Those moments as a kid is what you cherish so dont ruin it. Keep the kids away from the bullshit. 
Honestly, just apologise to your sister. And if you want too, try barhopping with that goober. Pick his brain apart, figure out what he's like when he's not with his family.
Just break off from family and stop contacting/answering them unless they genuinely want to resolve the conflict, simple
I would give advice if you hadn't written a fucking book. No amount of family melodrama warrants this much text. Try to keep it brief next time.
Are you a fucking tranny or something? Why are you incel niggers fucking doormats? Maybe it is because Im very violent and I got In fights alot growing up but this situation would have been fists flying when I read the husband trying to break into the fucking door. 
FUCK YOUR FAMILY. Make them rot. You have your own space. Let them die. You dont need them.
my sister will barely answer any texts from me and my parents don't want to talk about that when they do call me.
Your cuntoid sister is a stereotypical hole incapable of empathy, downplaying any reasonable concern of your standards as just you overblowing things. The reason you get emotional with things is because any time you voice your concerns they were met with "just calm down", with what you wanted discarded. I imagine feeling an intense hatred of someone just committed to misunderstanding, and when someone like her little faggot husband starts to one-up you from the get-go and then even starts lying to everyone, your reaction isn't at all surprised. I'd be angry too.
don't have the right to treat me like that and do anything they want when they're in my house, if they don't respect the few rules I gave, they're not welcome.
Your cuntoid sister is a stereotypical hole incapable of empathy, downplaying any reasonable concern of your standards as just you overblowing things. The reason you get emotional with things is because any time you voice your concerns they were met with "just calm down", with what you wanted discarded. I imagine feeling an intense hatred of someone just committed to misunderstanding, and when someone like her little faggot husband starts to one-up you from the get-go and then even starts lying to everyone, your reaction isn't at all surprised. I'd be angry too.
You are. Your sister has a family and will be the "successor", you do not. Some parents simply give up on their parents when their children show no prospects for reproduction. More insufferable than normgroids that are an outgroup, is your normgroid family that pretends to be in your ingroup, but only when the weather is fair. If you were to get a girlfriend, their opinions of you would change immediately.
Your family sees you with disdain because you are not charismatic; how you look is emotionally weak (and they raised you to grow up on that trajectory too). This is not what family ought to be. Me personally, I have no interest in appeasing retards that get turned off and start acting weird. If it's from family, there's a couple of strikes, but after awhile, I consider it betrayal that you can't come back from. Do you believe in forgiveness? I don't. I guess what do you want with them when your interactions with them are just a significant net negative?
kids*. Fuck.
m8, your fists are flying because you are a moron and too afraid to handle the situation with words and talk about feelings so you go literal caveman mode not to have to deal with them
youre family and parents are retarded, who cares if your blood ties with normie retards, your sister and her husband are dumb, you let the family host shit at your place, they just start talking passive agressive shit at you and than you set a boundry and they breaka it and your parents are assholes for leaving you out, just forget about them
Are you a fucking tranny or something? Why are you incel niggers fucking doormats? Maybe it is because Im very violent and I got In fights alot growing up but this situation would have been fists flying when I read the husband trying to break into the fucking door.
Agreed. I would go scorched earth on the BiL trying to pull that bullshit and your sister too if she did not have the back bone to stand up for you when her man was wrong. It does seem the parents are more concerned with the grandkids though as they see how their kids turned out and probably think they can right any parenting wrongs they made in the past with them.
This I disagree with, keep in contact with your parents as they seem to still be friendly with you but remain aloof and distant to the others until they figure out their bullshit. The kids though should be made to know you were not mad at them but rather their father and if you want to be manipulative you can buy them a nice gift as "an apology" for upsetting them.
Are you a foid retard or something or are you such a pussy that you arent willing to fight for whats yours? Here is some words for you, cut your dick and balls off. You dont need them
How did words work for the OP? Real fucking great huh?
No one is say be a nigger and just ape out but there is an escalation to violence that is acceptable. Once the husband decided to break OP's rules, lie out of his ass and refuse to leave is the time for violence.
If I was a normie who had a wife and kids, I would understand your point but Im an incel with no prospects besides his job and the gym and training to fight that anyone who thinks they can come in and fuck with the shit I paid for with no ones help is getting their face caved in. The parents definitely know whats going on but side with the daughter and her cunt husband anyway? Your temper is definitely colder than mine. I wouldnt take it
Yes it is. Now I will come to your house and take your shit. You can keep seething and jumping around like gif related using your words while I shit on the floor
Your parents seem like they still care about you (as they should). I dont know why you care about your sister this much desu, you are 28 already, don't need her and, honestly, if she married a dickhead she's a dickhead too probably.
Not related to the post but can you share a pic of your media room? I'm just curious what your setup and stuff looks like. Also might add some valuable context to the story.
Ohh look a faggot trying to play sophistry. 
implying some kids trying to play your nintendo when you said no meets that threshold
Point out where anyone said beat the kids ass? No again it is the husband and his actions. 
Yes because either the husband would learn respect or pic rel
We know you are a tranny faggot nigger who is a helpless cunt who cant or wont defend themselves. 
its just a Nintendo 
It could have been my fucking blow up doll and the principle doesnt change. I made a boundary. You either respect it or fuck off. What part of the husband trying to break in to the fucking room do you not get? 
Shit was already tense beforehand so why does it matter? 
If you want excuses to be a pussy, go ahead.
