be britain
have a leading shipbuilding industry
ruin this industry by privatizing it to death
thousands of unemployed workers and a destroyed economy later decide to build 3 aircraft carriers after retiring 3 perfectly fine but small carriers way too early
build just 2 of them
decide to equip one of them with catapults in order to launch other aircraft than helis/f35s
scrap this plan and build both just with a ski jump, making cooperations with allies much more difficult 
both carriers eventually enter service, delayed for years
dont buy enough aircraft to fill the flight deck of even one carrier, yet retire the harriers 
have to borrow f35s from america
both ships have massive problems, spend more time in drydock than at sea
one of the ships is a near loss after 2 years of service 
You cant make this shit up
i never get aircraft carriers. 
investment worth hundreds of billions while a long range rocket worth a couple of million could blow it up.
not really, its actually not that easy to sink such a carrier, especially in modern wars that are against highly incompetent and badly equipped enemies
They are the last capital ships bro. It's basically an floating military base
Aircraft increase the range of missiles. For example, suppose you have a missile with a horizontal range of 100 nautical miles. You put it on a plane with a combat radius of 600 nautical miles. The missile now has 700 nautical miles of range. And if the missile is dropped from high altitude, it faces less air resistance and can glide for additional distance, giving it a total range over 700 nautical miles. It also aids with spotting. Due to the curvature of the Earth, two fleets might be able to detect each other directly, even with high power radar, because the opposing fleet is below the horizon. However, if one fleet has aircraft, they can fly up high and detect the enemy, while their fleet remains hidden behind the horizon. From there, they can launch their own attack, and / or pass on targeting information to their fleet. 
Aircraft also serve a defensive purpose, because they can also detect incoming anti-ship missiles and either intercept them themselves or pass on targeting information to the escorts. 
That's also why sinking a carrier isn't as easy as some clickbait / propaganda articles make it seem. A carrier BG has layered defenses consisting of 
The horizon itself 
Aircraft to intercept ASMs 
Powerful radar jamming to screw with enemy ASMs 
Various SAMs to intercept any ASMs which might slip past 
Dual purpose artillery to catch anything that can slip past even that 
And if all those fail, there's the Hail Mary in the form of the CIWS. The only real way to kill them is with saturation attacks, where you launch so many fucking missiles you overwhelm their defenses, or maybe with submarines, but any CBG will include its own submarines listening for enemy subs and incoming torpedoes. It's why even though China likes to boast about their "carrier killer" missiles, they are still building aircraft carriers.
ruin this industry by privatizing it to death
What do you mean? Was it owned by the government?
*might NOT be able to. 
My crude illustration is an exaggeration of course, but that's the principle. Even in the 1920s and 30s battleships were equipped with spotter planes that they could launch to help find enemies, and to allow firing over the horizon.
yes it was until maggot thatcher sold it out
Uh, the freer the market the freer the people, didn't you know that you stupid chud?
The UK is a silly country. 
And under streetshitter domination, it'll get sillier.
Pretty incredible move, considering the RN carried the day during the Falklands War. Did she do it before, or after the war?
