Be me
elementary school teacher
Get to let my autism fly free with young kids all day
Get to spent 1/4 of the year pretending to be NEET
End of the year approaching
Every single year, with out fail, get asked out by a couple parents or aides
Usually parent of a one of the bright kids in my class who I spent extra time with
I work elusively with small kids to avoid adults. I even turn down teacher aides despite all my coworkers having at least one. Why do people thing it's okay to ask out a professional just doing their job?
wahhhhhhh Im getting attention from normies that arent chad! 
Kill yourself, foid. This is not the place for you
can't have kids
kidfree people are disgusting
am too autistic to be a stepmom
Yes the fuck it is, fuck you
WAH WAH WAHHHHHH CHAD DOESNT WANT MY BARREN BROKEN PUSSY
No it is not, foid. Kill yourself. I praying on your downfall and that you end up in a cartel execution video
Sorry you can't do casual hookups and that you can't be Chad. I hope you find a better mental space one day.
I'm very sorry people find you attractive OP. It really does come into comparison with the average robot feels from this board
better mental space 
from the foid on r9k
I really hope some Arab nigger throws acid on your face and cuts you up good. You dont belong here
can't have kids
What do u have op?
The loneliest femcel
So you have multiple single fathers among your kids' parents? Or are these married guys whose wives aren't present?
I'm a carrier for brugada syndrome, any boys I have have a 50% of dying and any daughters have a 50% of being a carrier too.
I'd say like a quarter of my students come from broken homes. It's really gross.
Are you me?
high school teacher
my asperger is satisfied by having hierarchical structure (teacher - students) and specific goal to achieve (program) and since I'm apparently good at this and we finish early, I get to talk about games and other stuff with people who share growing up with computers instead of 50yos who are majority in teacher positions
get to spend 1/4 of a year pretending to be NEET besides few exam and recruitment days
end of the year or any holidays approaching
every single year, without fail, get asked to attend social gatherings for all the teachers and formal ceremonies with teachers and parents involved
I come in, say 'good morning', take keys, fuck off to my classroom without any small talk and don't leave it until I have to, or I finish my classes, hang the keys while saying 'good bye' because I hate and can't handle social interactions with groups of people on the same level as me. I hate the noise of all the chatting in the teachers room, I don't get social cues, I never know what to say in a group, I don't enjoy nor em interested talking about pointless stuff on superficial level, I don't understand how anyone can and if there is no goal, no hierarchical structure between people, I hate being center of attention of non-controlled or unknown for me reasons. I can handle social interaction with one person, but the moment it's 3 or more it's too chaotic and I can feel it draining any energy I have from me. Why do they have to do it every time when everyone knows I'll refuse, as always.
Only difference is I'd actually want to have wife and kids of my own.
brugada syndrome
I've looked it up and it seems like people still can live quite a long time with it. Sure it sucks but there are worse thing people live with.
I understand and experience every point of your greentext lol. The only difference is I can't really have kids without playing Russian Roulette
Just potentially bury your kids lmao
I would end up killing myself, I'm not the most stable stack of cards in the magician's bag.
You should be killing yourself now. What are you waiting for? You are a genetic failure and your parents were retarded to even give birth to you
Sounds like you're projecting, anon. You seem a bit embarrassed to be the expendably gendered. Better hope you don't get drafted as Chinese cannon fodder.
only a quarter im surprised its that low
They're second graders, give their families time to break. The rate can only go up.
Just get impregnated by a 50yo healthy man from a developing country. If guy grew up extremely poor and made it to 50 yrs old and is still healthy it means his genes are top tier and they will fix yours
And this is why I have no sympathy for you. Considering your condition, you are in the same pile as me since you can have no children. Thank the feminists for allowing foids to join the army. You are coming with me
That's not how genetics work at all. That's also not gonna fix a 50/50 inheritance rate. I'm also completely against abortion in any form so genetic testing is out of the question as well.
I could still wet nurse and am a licensed teacher, I would be one of the absolute last people sent to any war zone you fucking retard lmao
Are you a virgin? Have you ever taken birth control pills or plan b?
I've never been on birth control or anything but I've had sex with condoms. I'm not some christian fundie or even Christian at all but I do think life begins at conception. If I got pregnant somehow (haven't had sex in like 6 ) I wouldn't abort even if they did have brugada, I'd just cry constantly and probably kill myself when they died at like 15.
I've had sex
but I do think life begins at conception
Alr well just so yk birth control pills and plan b prevent fertilized eggs from attaching to your womb too so they count as murder. And if you dont take those but still have a sex life chances are you will get preggo sooner or later lol. Best of luck to your future child
Good thing I've never taken birth control pulls or plan b you illiterate retard. lrn2read.
You can't live through life without risks. I know the urge to stay safe is tempting, but it leads to incompetence. Proper path through life should not be through pursuit of safety, but through pursuit of competence to be able to handle danger and reach goals despite it. Imagine calling cops because someone is breaking into your house and hearing that they can't send them because it's dangerous and it's russian roulette whether they'll subdue or shoot the criminal, or get shot themselves.
Believe me, I was a mess as a kid and could handle even less, but I worked on myself to get competent enough to at least function in society and hold a job. Compared to many people I do wonderful now. If I gave up 10 years ago instead of getting angry at myself for being such useless piece of shit, I'd be even more miserable. You don't have to be perfect not reach perfection, but getting better just enough to get healthy life is achievable.
It may be my asperger and being worse at emotions speaking but
Just potentially bury your kids lmao
is unironically true. It won't be easy but even if you bury some, the others will survive or even be healthy as genetic diseases usually have 50% chance of passing. As I've said, it doesn't have to be perfect, but if you don't try you will have none at all. It does require specific partner that would stay with you through it though, not everyone can handle such things, but I think you know it considering you said you'd end up killing yourself. I do think that it's possible finding such person.
If it makes you any happier, in the past romans apparently were throwing their own babies off the cliff if they happen to be deformed etc and yet despite this they lived on and prevailed.
Youre saying you cant and dont want to have kids retard. Im saying you will since youre a whore that doesnt take pills. I take it back i hope your child dies so you kys
Licensed teacher 
Perfect for being a grunt that will be blown up by an IED. You think just because youre a woman that you can escape? Either you join or you are getting trafficked to be a sex doll for the soldiers. Your choice, nigger
why wont these normies leave me alone
I have had sex before 
Truly so lonely that your pussy is for chad only. Why not rip out your ovaries and cut your boobs off too?
Unironically thank you for this post. But I've grieved any potential family I could have had. I'm not a eugenicist but I consider it a duty to make sure my genetic disease isn't perpetuated anymore, and since I'm not some hick who doesn't realize IVF is just 10,000 abortions at once and CRISPR is illegal, I'm just gonna keep helping the next generation as a teacher since I can't be a mother. Sometime life sucks but you work with what you can.
I stopped having sex when I realized how stupid of a choice that was but okay.
My college BF for 5'3 and built like a hobbit, what Chad are you talking about? Is Chad in the room with us right now?
You sound like your projecting your expendability onto me--sadly for you I'm not so expendable lol
i sure as hell hope you aint working in an american elementary school. with the way gun laws are over there you might as well be raising lambs for slaughter
It's Ohio so it's pretty dire. But I work in a fairy small town and we have 3 armed staff in the school--no I'm not joking and I kinda hate it here. I have a CCW but don't carry at school.
go to crystal cafe. how you thought posting this problem on a board full of lonely young men who can't even begin to empathize with your problem is absolutely dumbfounding. likely bait but whatever go fuck yourself dumbass.
Crystal Cafe is just a bunch of bitches trying to trade up to the highest man. I can't be in a relationship so I fit in here more than there, even if I don't fit in that well here. I've also been diagnosed with autism since I was like 8.
not so expendable 
schoolteacher 
Your job is the first to go, kike. You dont even have a working pussy so you are just a failed man
don't know what to tell you then because you're not gonna get much sympathy here. whatever just kys someday like I and many others here will do.
