You should stop being so closed minded and give a lonely trans girl a chance.
A chance to fuck off and stop pretending to be something he's not.
They're all fugly and can't get pregnant
Lonely trans girls are for Stacy (formely Chad) only
I did they tried to use me for money to pay for their hrt. I have many screenshots of ones on lgbt bragging about doing the same. Most are 
anyways and are just looking for orbiters to drain of money. Unironically worse than women.
Hot ones are like 98 percent lesbians.
Worst of both worlds:
not biologically female; has cock n balls, masculine bone structure, etc
I used to be a chud and now I have an adorable pure loving trans gf! I love you &lt;3
Trans girls are girls, dough.
still woman-brained enough to have all of women's worst traits
I used to be a chud and now I have an adorable pure loving trans gf! I love you &lt;3
Trans girls are girls, dough.
You clearly haven't tried.
/lgbt/ tranners are demonic. There are adorable sweet ones like OP.
And where the fuck do you find them then. Every mtf posting here gets 15 replies begging for discord. They are over competed for just like cis women.
No thanks I prefer real women + want children of my own
Nice, I thought you were banned
Such a guy that you settle for less and look at pair bonding rationally
I don't think kids are literal cum-stained shit
The truth is that most chasers are dogshit human beings, so being a decent one of the bunch is far easier and will be more appreciated. You don't even have to be very special, just better than the dogshit they deal with 24/7.
I'm trannykuns friend posting for him, don't worry.
That's not a sentence.
Try harder, anon.
I'm not attracted to men, so I will not give trans girls a chance
honest question, as a 'straight' trans woman, aren't you paranoid that any 'straight' guy you date is just a fag/tranny in denial
I mean I could date cis women before but mtfs found me repulsive
That is a common issue, though most reasonable MtFs who want bf's realize their bf's are bi.
I imagine you got unlucky, though the /lgbt/ ones are 80% garbage.
