Would you date an Onlyfans girl? Destiny and Idubbz got married to Onlyfans girls and have great marriages.
"would you date a"
What the fuck is this shit doing on this board nigga. I don't even have a single woman to reject.
Dont they both have open marriages? Seems like the new thing if youre not chad. Impregnate the cucks wife then leave him to take care of it
and have great marriages.
says who? where's the proof?
retard claim. destiny doesn't have a marriage, he has a retard situation with a girl and they both suck nog dicks. they are not a healthy couple, they are both insane people. idubz has thrown an eternal shitfit on the internet for being laughed at for being with an onlyfans slag too, totally healthy reaction if he has no issue with it and their relationship is good right?
not good examples lad. dating an onlyfans girl doesn't even always have to be as incredibly awful as those relationships, but its still always going to be a large negative because women getting 10000x the attention they should be getting inflates their ego and self worth and will cause them to be dissatisfied with your relationship somewhere down the line. who knew, having entire cities worth of people queued up as options to date if anything happens is not beneficial for a relationship
great marriage
idubbz look like trailer park trash and instead of being edgy on the internet he gets the shit kicked out of him by dudes who actually know how to box. his gf just looks worse and worse every year too
Yes Red, I would
gf
wife
and he took her last name lmao
dating 3D
It is a right that everyone may have taste as shit as they want, but that doesn't mean I have to understand it.
oh yeah i forgot about that.
christ what a cuck.
making shitty love songs instead isn't as gay anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WjG9Is-RuY [Embed]
No I don't think I could ever love a woman who does OnlyFans or and kind of sex work. Definitely know a woman wouldn't respect a guy who pays for said sex work that's for sure.
types in the exact same way
even does the same ellipsis with a space afterwards 
Men are really out here sending fake texts to themselves for clout
*any kind of sex work
Would you date an Onlyfans girl? 
no, get a normal job like anyone with a brain.
Destiny and Idubbz got married to Onlyfans girls and have great marriages.
Are you really that retarded to think you know what it's like in their relationship? you never talked with any of them, probably never to a women other than your mom. Even if I were to entertain one or two were your friend, you don't have insight on what's dating them is like you retarded viewer kys
I'd date and maybe even marry a girl with an OF, but only if she doesn't post her face and agrees to lie about what she does to my family and friends. Honestly I think it would be really hot to help out on photoshoots and come up with ideas for what she would wear, and building weird kinky equipment for her. We could act like a really proper couple in public, and she could dress modestly and act shy, but we'd both know that thousands of guys have seen her tied up and destroyed by a homemade fucking machine. I honestly don't think I'd have jealousy issues as long as she was faithful to me irl
Would you date an Onlyfans girl?
NOPE, CLEAN WOMEN ONLY
SO YOU JUST GIVEN UP ON WOMEN? GAY AND PATHETIC
SEEK HELP COOMER
SEEK HELP COOMER
Yes I want help with coming more. Dating a girl who dresses up in the sluttiest clothing possible and then has me film her stripping would very much help me with my cooming
You can tell by the way he thinks real people talk that he hasn't talked to anyone in a long time
Have sex with one? Most definitely, date one or marry? Not a chance. Although it is a bit hypocritical of me to say so, but hey, sue me.
The fact that people want me to be willing to date an onlyfans girl so badly just makes me unwilling to
if by onlyfans you mean me having a man be my only fan aka boyfriend turned husband, then yes
That's how you're supposed to type an ellipses. Who does it without a space?
Nice joke. It gets her starting to feel upset about getting rejected only to see the punchline and realize you're accepting.
I think being able to accept and be OK with a girl who camwhores is a smart way to get a good gf. All women are whores anyway so if anything I trust the more blatant whores more for being honest about it.
Would you date an Onlyfans girl?
No
you're actually braindead if you think the screenshot shows a genuine exchange
Of course I fucking wouldn't. I'm not a cuck.
What the fuck is this shit doing on this board nigga
/r9k/ was made to have original content, not for a /r/incel replacement
Yeah, only to pimp her and make some money for a sport car
How does one date a woman with hundreds of simps? There's no reason for her to work though any problems when there's a crowd of men willing to tell her what she wants to hear.
There is nothing more cringe than these obviously fake exchanges made to show "le epic dunk!!" 
Pure incel fuel that only seems poignant to teenagers, if you don't want to date a girl with an onlyfans then I'd suggest you simply don't do that anon.
I'm sure you defending women on the internet has brought you great success.
