I have one
guy I never knew but had known through a friend
10th grade he kills himself
nobody cares because it was at the start of Covid and there was bigger things going on at the time
ask friend that knew the guy why he died
Tells me he was just a unsuccessful in every facet of life. He tried to get girls but they all did not like him, he was bullied, few friends, no job and when Covid happened his family dynamic changed when his mom and dad split up.
When I was a kid, there was this one popular kid who died, I was in like 11th grade he was in 12th, who died in a plane crash.
Later, when I was in my first year of college, this one girl from our high school died of a brain aneurysm, if that counts. 
I did not know the guy who died in a plane, I was vaguely acquainted with the girl who had the aneurysm. 
Since then I've had probably a dozen or maybe 15 acquaintances and friends in my age group die. I'm 34. AMA.
in high school two guys in a different class crashed a car and died.
a guy i actually went to class with started getting seizures while we still went to class, two years later i caught wind that he just died. never heard any reason but i suspect he got brain tumor or something since he wasn't epileptic.
An epileptic girl also died in her sleep from a seizure when she was 14 at my school
yes, I have. when I was in 3rd grade a kid in second grade died of cancer. I'm not even joking, I'm 30 now and feel kind of guilty about it. Obviously I didn't give him cancer, but I remember thinking that he was a dick and mad at him for hogging my friends. Of course now as an adult I realize he was just a scared kid trying to live the little time he had left to the fullest.
sorry, he wasn't exactly a classmate. he was just a kid who was friends with my friends.
In 11th grade yeah I had a Mexican kid I woukd talk to at school die of cystic fibrosis. He was having lung surgery, and since his family was jehovah's witnesses they pulled the plug on him on his birthday. He died at 17 years old, 15 March 2017. RIP James, went to his funeral to pay my respects. First and only funeral I've ever been to
First and only funeral I've ever been to
you're a very lucky man
Yeah, I went to school with two sisters one of which was super cute (the other not bad). They were like Paki or Indian or something Muslim, but the girls were born in the US so pretty normal. So one day, their Muslim dad finds out they have white boyfriends. So, he picks them up in his cab, drives somewhere secluded, pulls out his gun and unloads into both of them in the back seat. One of the girls is calling 911 and you can hear her yelling "Stop!" while he's popping off round after round. He then disappeared never to be seen again. Probably went back to his original country. Made national news and everything.
Thank you anon. Never been to a wedding though
taking creative writing class in college
we're reading some dude's story and giving feedback
tell him it's kind of cliche but it has potential, offer him areas where he can improve
rest of the class focuses on his work
he seems thankful for the advice, says he'll improve it and show us the changes at the end of the semester
next week
posters hung around the college campus
he went missing the day after class and his body was found in a river
You never know when some shit can happen to you
Even if I was a racist and I had two white daughters dating black men. I wouldnt fucking kill my own flesh and blood. I would kill the black guys but more realistically I would make sure my sons date within the same race. Not caring about who my daughters date.
when you get older your friends will get married and you'll have a good time. sucks when you get even older and you go back to the only time seeing each other is funerals. just the cycle of life I guess.
would make sure my sons date within the same race.
why?
Carry on the family name
this doesn't even make sense 
orginal
if it made national news can you just link the article or video related to it?
seconding what this anon said
Found a wiki page about him
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yaser_Abdel_Said
Guess they did catch him. Never heard of it.
No, but a girl in my school was killed by her dad.
Thanks for finding it, anon.
a dear friend killed herself in 10th grade. i texted her on facebook the night she killed herself. i still have her signature on a paper from a class where we just goofed off. i miss her and her ex i was great friends with.
a good friend died of a heart attack i think in 6th or 7th. she was nice to be around. i should have hung out with her more, she was glowy and a great artist. i should have been a better friend while she was around.
a semi-friend's brother killed himself in 10th or 11th. i respected him and his brother. he was a broken guitar player. he was a little strange from ptsd, but still, i would have liked to have known him more.
No problem. It's crazy shit. I knew Sarah. Not knew, knew, but we were aware of eachother's existence. Also, one of the boyfriends got another GF like a week later lmao
When I was in 1st or 2nd grade some 7th grader died and we all had to go to his funeral. Pretty sure it was cancer or some other terminal disease, it wasn't like he was brutally murdered or anything but it still fucked me up by removing the illusion from my mind that as a kid I was invincible, but I guess everyone has to figure that out at some point.
