What is stopping you from seeking therapy?
this post glows like uranium (I LOVE AMERICA AN FEMINISM AN LEF WIMG AND JOE BIDEN SCREW ANDREW TATE)
dont feel like i need it (im definitely crazy but i can cope) and i dont feel like being put on medication. i also dont think im the type of person that would reap any benefit from talking to a therapist
lazy, and dont think it matters
who made that shit? was it you OP?
Oddly specific wojak
Therapy is just being reconditioned to accept the situation.
Therapy does not mean that the situation isn't real or that i am wrong to express myself the way that i am.
I refuse therapy because society should make the proper changes, not me.
There is nothing wrong with me rejecting this hedonistic shithole society of people.
why do foids demand that everyone go to their stupid feelings talking sesions?
The useless and sometimes harmful nature of it
I did in college. It was a bad decision. They just put you on shitty drugs with bad side effects that don't even help.
My misery is caused by my small penis
Lmao what the fuck is this godawful, uncanny, Microsoft paint ass drawing. Whoever made this could've just used a wojak but thought "noOo i want it to be more oriGinal!"
Because the mental health system is punitive, especially for men.
This is the modern mental health system.
I agree with a lot of the critiques here, but therapy can be helpful if the therapist is a man. I found a guy who didn't bullshit, told me directly how I was self-sabotaging and why. No attempt to justify or diminish my behaviour, just explaining why it was harmful and how to change it. The best therapists are basically just strong father figures, since most male dysfunction comes from a deficient or absent father.
Giving my hard earned money to a soft cunt who sits in a chair for a living is not going to make me any happier.
Jesus, the text on that hits a little too close to home. I'm going to hide the thread instead of taking it as a sign that I should try therapy.
Now this wojak I can relate to, literally me.mp3
I had therapy forced on me as a child, briefly. It's a meme (just like 99.9% of mental illnesses). It's used as an excuse for normies to try and placate people with actual problems.
I really want to know if I have aspergers or not out of curiosity but I'm afraid my family will find out.
get out of my fucking walls glowie
No money no insurance no support network
Same thing stopping me from doing literally everything I'm just extremely lazy. I make the appointment and don't feel like going. I probably have at least a thousand in debt from no showing doctors appointments. I think I will go do something and then the day comes and I'd rather stay home, nothing has been able to force me to do something I don't want to do it's pathetic
Because it's a meme and designed around to help only women
I know pretty much exactly how to fix myself. Lose a bunch of weight, get more sleep, spend free time on other human beings and fulfilling hobbies rather than anxiously scrolling my phone. I don't need to pay someone God knows how much fucking money to tell me that - I need a way to coerce myself into actually following through.
Don't need it
