AI can now make scientific papers. All you stem bros , doctors and engineers will be out of a job so soon and all those years of studying will be wasted 
https://twitter.com/emollick/status/1653945049275670528?s=4
WOW ITS SO OVER GUESS U SHOULD JUST KYS NOW OP
Part of writing papers is doing actual experiments to write papers about, OP. At most, this works for thing that require no new input, like writing about a subject. Its only other major application is as a bullshit generator so you have meme studies to troll on /pol/ with.
So it's literally nothing. Writing academic papers does not require any intelligece or ability. It's essentially cut/paste. The actual work is the data set. Again, it seems the only people chatbot4 seems to be a problem for is all the Pajeets who Chad and Stacy used to get to shit out their busy-work for them.
Total fiver death?
This is a cope 90% of all the phds in the US are Indian and Chinese. The undergrads doing busy work are the coping caucasoidal babyrapers
There are a few ways to tell if a piece of text was written by AI or a LLM. Here are a few things to look for:
Repetitiveness: AI-generated text often repeats itself, either within the same paragraph or throughout the entire text. This is because AI models are trained on large datasets of text, and they may not be able to distinguish between different instances of the same word or phrase.
Unnatural language: AI-generated text may use unnatural language structures or grammar. This is because AI models are not always able to understand the nuances of human language.
Lack of creativity: AI-generated text may lack creativity or originality. This is because AI models are trained on existing text, and they may not be able to generate new ideas or concepts.
It is important to note that these are just a few general guidelines. There are many other factors that can affect the quality of AI-generated text, and it is not always possible to tell for sure if a piece of text was written by AI or a human.
Here are some additional tips for identifying AI-generated text:
Look for text that is grammatically correct but lacks style or personality.
Look for text that is repetitive or uses unnatural language structures.
Look for text that is factually accurate but lacks creativity or originality.
If you are still unsure, you can always ask the author if they used AI to generate the text.
AI can do that too bro . 
They can run simulation
Trolling or genuinely retarded.
People who do not understand AI shouldn't make threads like this. On the other hand, it is kind of funny. Kinda torn.
The top AI expert in google said this shit is getting crazy you nigger
Yeah gee I wonder why Silicon Valley adrenochrome addicts would have an interest in pretending that they've literally awakened a slumbering god and you need to buy their stock and give them grants so that they, the only people who understand these mystical forces, can desperately attempt to tame them for us.
I know you've never studied, let alone held a job, but I assure you that writing papers isn't all we do. That shit's for the scholars and academics anyways. Also, even when they make up the most inane shit to write about just to fill their portfolio they still need to come up with a hypothesis and an experiment. AI as it is can, at best, work as a scribe.
