What is it like facing the fear of asking a girl out? At this point its not even about trying to get a gf, I just want to overcome that fear.
so yummy. i need a feel
It's not even asking her out. It's the warm up of keeping them interested in a conversation.
The fear of rejection is heavy. Try to remember that it doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of things. You might be embarrassed, but that girl isn't going to remember it by next year. Its a pointless fear as we have nothing to lose except a little dignity, and when did that ever do anybody any good?
Feels really good, regardless of the outcome. Makes me feel brave and human. It gets a little easier every time.
I overcame that fear earlier last year and honestly I didn't feel much, literally asked how old I was, premature balding is truly a death sentence when it comes to girls.
as a girl i would be surprised and depending on who you are, nervous and also scared :D because other people don't matter and you may or may not fall for the break up meme due to insecure feelings of self worth about how attractive your partner is
ye has been warned
Simple shit, you just gotta know that when you're flirting with a girl and giving her your time she should be thankful you even decide to spend it on her, she can either like you or not, if she does great, ask her out and have some fun, if she doesn't? Her loss then.
This doesn't apply to just women either, every single person you talk to needs to know that you're the man, and that you KNOW that you're the man. This weeds out all insecure people and you end up surrounded by people that love being in your presence.
that's all I got from that post, thanks
your reading comprehension sucks
So you're saying guys shouldn't ask out girls?
you should never ask a girl out because you will end up not liking her back in the end
Holy fuck it's this. The only reason why I haven't gone to another date yet, it's the dread of having to keep up a convo and make it interesting enough for the date to like me.
Boomer tier advice, it's all casual sex now. Dating is too much commitment and monogamy is very cringe.
its about life and rejection , expect rejection , be scared of approval , approval means commitment to whatever expectection
Do you still do this in 2023?
It's liberating. I've never regretted asking a girl out but I've regretted not doing so
Tell that to all the guys that get secretly recorded and humiliated as a creep on social media to be laughed at by thousands of other girls Or kicked in the balls by her or one of her friends because she thinks theyre being harassed Yep Totally better than not asking at all
Because cocky arrogant full of themselves douchebags are definitely not off putting at all Seriously how often do you hear people be like wow that person thinks they are so cool I wanna be just like them and hang out with them all the time
Literally go fuck yourself with that reply
stopped reading there. kys fetish coomer
Found Le virgin
Fuck whores, I'm out here for Paper, and only Paper.
Paper makes me and my bill collectors happy.
Paper let's me get snacks.
Paper let's me groom myself better than being a fucking nomad drifter stinking up a room with my dirty ass.
Paper need not be used by a whore.
In fact if anything I should chase a sugar mama.
I fear not the rejection of a hole, but the rejection of an interviewer, no matter how soft and bitch-like it may be, like them ghosting me.
do you also have trouble conversing with people in general? stuck in your own head trying to predict the conversation and manage other people's thoughts and opinions? the first red pill is hubling yourself and seeing that you are wrong most of the time so its pointles to try and predict and manage other people's reactions. when you do this you'll start to see the fun in interacting with people. it is interesting to see what they do or have to say. the burden is actually on the person being asked out, for the person asking its just entertainment
Think of it as a game, youre hunting her, shes your prey, shes alot smaller, weaker, lower sentience, so it should mean nothing to you, shes a child. Be blunt, flirty with sexual undertones
Shit like that, if she responds well or blushes or any ioi, ask for her insta, snap or number.
Remember what I said its all a game dont worry or feel anxious, even if it fails or she "has a bf" youll gain respect from others, and self respect.
Go out n catch em sport
protip: this only works if you're chad
no they should if they want to, but don't try to blame girls or guys when you realize others would want to ask them out too. like ruin a good thing over jealousy
What is it like facing the fear of asking a girl out?
Unrewarding
Women sense fear, and if they see that a guy is afraid, they generally lose a lot of respect for the guy and basically write him off as a non-option.
There is a group of men that this doesn't apply to, but most guys here won't fall into that group. Most guys here fall into the group of
People shouldn't have rights unless they take a fucking test to show that they actually have a sense of other and a sense of the world
what's the point of this in the first place? if you need to overcome an obstacle to get a date in the first place imagine how troublesome it's gonna be to go on dates and keep interest
I'd hate to let you down, but asking a girl out isn't like some big stunt you have to perform. If you are getting along with someone you ask them to dinner, or a coffee, or whatever, you just ask them like a normal person. It isn't that extreme of a thing. You might have more intent in your voice, and use phrasing like "would you like to... _____" with a girl, but it's overall not that different from asking a buddy to hang out.
Nah, regardless of how trivial it may seem to normies, asking a girl out is like killing a bear with a toenail clipper for incel like weirdos with 0 experience.
It's not that scary after the first few times as long as you're somewhat successful. So the most important thing is to ask out someone that's within your range, status, looks etc. (1 or 2 points below your rating if you're male reverse if female) or you'll never have success and become confident. I've seen so many incels say they've never had success despite asking out literally 100's of girls, and when I see the girls they ask out it's never less than an 8/10. There's no way that's happening in today's dating scene, rarely even for me, and I used to do male modelling.
treat it as an adrenaline rush, after my ex left me i felt very sad and empty because she was my onyl friend, so i started asking for girls socials just to feel something.
Apart from the fact that you need to prostrate yourself before her, down on both knees, kissing her feet, it's not that hard.
meh, works for me. There's a difference between being confident and arrogant. And even then, girls like a bit of arrogance. I ain't a douchebag, I treat people with kindness and good intentions too. I'm just not meek at all and people like being around me as much as I like being around them.
As I said, me being confident weeds out people that are either offended or intimidated by it, which is precisely what I want.
Why do women give guys they aren't interested in fake numbers or flake at the last minute after a guy ask them to chill?
IT IS FUN TO TALK TO WOMEN
IT IS AN EXCITING RISK
U R PROBABLY A NERD SO CAN'T RELATE TO A SPORTS ANALOGY BUT ITS LIKE A RAID IN WOW OR SOMETHING THERE IS SOME RISK INVOLVED N U COULD LOSE BUT IT IS EXHILARATING BCUZ OF THAT
ONCE YOU LEARN TO DO IT LIKE I SAID IT IS FUN EVEN WHEN THEY REJECT U
I wanna ask out girls before I leave my shit job and become a fulltime neet what am I suppose to say when approaching them
Feels genuinely good man
"Do you wanna get a coffee or something" is my killer line
Fuck that, why talk to someone you don't even find attractive?
I asked out a girl once.. or moreso just asked if she had any plans on valentines. She said she was busy and that was the end of that. I was sad cuz i got rejected but happy that I did it. I even tripped up on my words but I recovered which I'm proud of. I think u should do it. Helps you get over girls at least.
Keep denying the fact that thats one of the legitimate threats you face when running game on random women and I have seen it happen. The cuntoid will face zero consequences 99 percent of the time
This may be an effective game plan if you live in a big enough city to sift through enough different types of people to find the right types but in a smaller and more cliquey town this strategy will attract negative attention at best
There is absolutely nothing whatsoever fun about being rejected by any stretch of the imagination unless youre a complete masochist Period
Not the case interestingly. Doing dates feels like playing vidya, but one on dating. It's weird but you just naturally start playing this character you have consciously or subconsciously created in your mind of what a guy on a date does. You have seen so many examples of what this character is supposed to be you will find it's like autopilot if you just let yourself lean into that and just dissociate from your real personality. Girls wear masks and play characters on dates, too. It's really hard to wear that mask when you are looking at the girl and trying to get her to take the bait on your hook and agree to go out with you (or simply take your info most of the time). That's why asking girls out feels like internal painful torture
U GOTTA LEARN TO B MORE LIGHT HEARTED N ENJOY LIFE FRIEND. U GOTTA HAVE FUN B4 U EVEN ASK
that literally never happens. ive said plenty of sexually inappropriate things to random women and coworkers and i was never kicked in the balls.
again, your brain is rotted from femdom porn which you believe is real life (because you're a porn-brained retard that should kys)
I'll be honest man, this is a winning strategy for me, I haven't found in my 24 years of life a room where I haven't walked in and made fast friends. Even the most shy stonewally people end up liking me. Just because I'm confident about myself it doesn't mean I put myself above others, and people, ranging from huge narcs to insecure ones like that.
There is no fear of that, but I just know how pointless it is "asking out" someone I don't know and going on a "date" which is more like an awkward interview. The 10 times in my life where I ended up kissing or more with a woman, it just happened naturally as we spend time together in the same environment, there was never any asking out or going on dates.
imagine how disgusting it'd be if she made a giant brap right in your face (gross)
Just because youve managed to never say the wrong thing to the wrong girl on the wrong day doesnt mean everyone else is so lucky. And holy shit you are irredeemably retarded if youre willing to risk your job and reputation by saying sexually explicit things to female coworkers. You do realize metoo and hr is a thing dont you? If that isnt a valid concern then why are so many men everywhere refusing to interact with women in the workplace?
https://youtu.be/6BJGBkmb2Wc [Embed]
yeah im probably retarded desu. also i think im already screwed. the government rejected my unemployment claim because of what i did so now the government has me on record as a sexual harasser. im at a new job but every day i fear hr is going to want and have a talk with me.
Ok now tell me the real response you would have given if you thought I was someone worth the effort instead of trying to push me even further down the paranoid state of delusion you think Im in
See, that's why you're retarded. You don't get to set demands when you are of less value, the sooner you learn that the better off you are. Thanks for proving my point.
There is no point if you don't even like the girl though. If you were stuck on an island with nothing but other men you wouldn't just start fucking dudes because you have no choice. You'd rather fuck a coconut than settle for that.
