Imagine how fucking easy her life is.
She sure "earned" it.
is that a troon? zero urge to simp. and we all know im a turbo simp
Marzia hit the wall in 2015
what? bait? how
Mfers really get in front of a camera, get paid millions, then say "it's actually really hord being in front of a camera and playing games its super draining:( it really is just like any other job:(("
At the end of the day you're below a C list celeb and your entire driving force is that you became a huge attention whore. it's not difficult when it's your innate drive to whore yourself to an audience of faceless people. This includes most streamers, not just women streamers, all famous streamers. 
They fucking hate video games and they actively ruin this hobby. They pay for shitty products and validate companies doing shitty practices and just say "teehee well it's my disposable income it's not like I really paid for it so I'm not responsible for terrible industry practices that will become common place within the next two years! :^)" Fucking disgusting nepotism attention whore self sucking unfunny troglodytes
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. And NDErs talk about how life is like a video game or a simulation and you actually chose to come here. So her life is easier yes but she chose it premortally. Others wanted more of a challenge.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
Rich people don't always earn their luxurious lives either but I never see you people complain about them. Bootlickers.
What does "earned" even mean? You have to work 40+ hrs a week and be a slave if you want a comfy life? That's dumb. Fuck "earning" it.
