f*manon here. apologies for the attention whore-ish post but i want a boyfriend. this is how i get one, right? 
ive never had one before. i like video games and literature
What literature?
I'm a bit of a literature nerd, please fill out the girlfriend application form and your request will be highly considered.
post with name field and pic of your feet with timestamp
yes. i am fembot i also wan robot bf to cuddle lick n sniff
WEST COAST
E
S
T
this is how i get one, right?
Wouldn't recommend it
classics, i really like mark twain
what girlfriend application form?
kys
based
east, sorry, but i wouldnt mind LDR
i heard robot pheromones are extra strong after a long day of work.. is this true? >~&lt;
ya its tru e
assuming this isn't a larp (and I'm sure it is), how old are you and what makes you worthy of being a girlfriend?
Do/would you do anal?
assuming not a larp
Lmao
My impromptu gf app:
age
location
favorite books
hobbies
favorite thing about yourself
body count
potential mental illnesses
anything else you'd want a potential bf to know
I'm east coast so this is already a promising start
I would like a girlfriend very much and also enjoy vidya and literature only I am fat
I'll be your bf if you are between the ages of 45-65
Chad here. I'm ready to settle down with a nice nerdy girl like you. Really. Like I totally mean it. So... lol let's bang!
What >>73191741 said, except I prefer women between the ages of 25 and 45.
lol whats your discord?
how much autism do you have
About seven.
as a fellow young woman, please dont turn to r9k for dating trust me u will thank me one day
why not higher
You're probably thinking imperial. I meant metric.
hm, while 7 metric is enough, youre european so please kill yourself kindly
implying only Euros use metric
The absolute state of 'Merican edyoukashun.
sorry i got eurovision im just so racist it clouds my judgement sometimes sorry
kinda weird anon. I've only ever heard trannies talk about wanting to smell guys.
