How come white guys do not like black girls? If a black girl loved you and it was your only chance at love would you love her back?
I have always offered black girls slavery, servitude, and sex.
They do love you. They'd fuck you and creampie you. Just not love you unconditionally or ever want you to bare them children
If she's got big tits, smooth skin, and a cute face, absolutely. I usually go for pale or dark, one end of the spectrum or the other.
WHY NOT!? WHY!???
Need trad cuddly clingy black gf
because you're black and there are a ton of stigmas regarding black people. they probably won't love you unconditionally because of the whore-like image black women perpetuate. even if you're not a whore, black women are so often militantly pro-black that they may feel like you have more loyalty to black people than you do to your man. and then for the children part, i don't think any non-cucked people are particularly looking forward to the idea of having mixed race children, especially half black children
I might love you unconditionallly. We would have to discuss kiddos.
How black are you?
I'd gladly have a black gf but I wouldn't want kids.
My last gf was half black. From experience, all I gotta say is that all the suffering you guys think you experience in society is because of your own thoughts and actions. Your own values and your own beliefs. Your own impulses and your own mistakes. It's not that everyone else is bigoted, it's that you guys genuinely need to step it up and do better if you wanna be taken seriously by non-black men.
Are you talking about black americans or black africans.
And what kind of black african?
There are at least 3 black races.
Get real. Plenty of white guys would like black girls. But CHAD ONLY applies to black girls too
Nope. Not saying this from a safe space either.... as if getting girls is easy and possible for me. Fat, and black. Two things I hate.
In a word? They smell. Brother used to fuck a bunch of black girls back when he was in high school in the late 90s, and he'd always tell me that no matter what, black girls have a putrid smell. Even if they just showered.
regular racists might not want to fuck a black girl, but r9k racists? Let's not pretend like they wouldn't drop to their knees if a girl like picrel gave them attention.
if it was me, no i would not love her back
I dated a black girl for a couple of months. She was 6'2 and had visible abs, a big butt and a pretty face, and charcoal skin. It was pretty great. Too bad she turned out to be crazy. Yeah I was just as shocked as you. I still remember going with her to a liquor store once and she was wearing this super short pink tutu and you could see her long legs and a little butt. I could feel everyone in the store staring at us lol
no id rather die alone
all racists would fuck any race. racism does not exclude the desire to fuck. the actual reasons people become racists are a lot deeper than something shallow like lust and arousal. some nignog woman are pure sexo machines and I would fuck the life out of them but that doesn't mean I approve of nigger culture, having race mixed kids, or mass immigration.
Do you want me to be absolutely honest with you? No i wouldn't accept her.
what I meant was that r9k racists especifically would drop all their ideals about race, culture and immigration if a cute black girl would give them attention. If you're a r9k incel who is also a racist this applies to you as well.
That's the premise. If you're not starved for sex and love you won't, but I think r9k incel racists value sex and love over any ideas on race.
If she's obedient, not loud, not fat, and I never have to interact with her family I'd do it. Also no tattoos.
I used to not like black girls, then spent time in Africa and that changed. That's the remedy I think, have a white guy live there for awhile and he'll be liking, loving black girls real quick. If not by his own will, then by theirs.
You're definitely wrong. Liking a black woman is one thing, but nobody would commit betrayal for one. I wouldn't even do that for a 10/10 of my own race.
that's where you and I fundamentally disagree brother, I believe you would fold like a lawn chair. Let's agree to disagree because you won't be able to convince me as much as I won't be able to convince you otherwise.
1) They reek
2) Brillo hair (no your weave is not real hair)
3) High T
4) Disgusting facial structures
5) Become morbidly obese past 18
6) Will identify with being black first no matter what
African blacks!=American blacks
That's why I asked prior what kind of black girls we talk about.
I think black girls are cute, i wouldn't mind at all dating one
Cuz im not a zoofilia fag
After that period of adjustment a guy will also see American blacks in a different light, even though they aren't the same as African blacks.
You are projecting your lack of values and convictions on others.
The fuck you will.
If anything you will juxtapose black american cuntoids to normally behaving ethiopian, sudanese or kenyan gals (for example) and they will seem even worse in comparison.
uh, they don't need to, kike
yay demoralization thread! 
life must be such a walk in the park for non black girls
It's a walk in the park for all girls. Yours is just slightly less better.
I (a White guy) have a crush on a mixed-race (White &amp; Black) coworker. She's quite a bit younger and taller than me, so I haven't a chance in hell.
This is absolutely ridiculous. You are literally saying you'd rather be loveless then to ever be blacked, by a female.
i would only date a black girl if she agreed that feminism, antiracism, and queer rights were a mistake
If you're black and a virgin I will be your boyfriend. I can't be bothered to do the bullshit song and dance anymore, I want a loving relationship.
