Recommend me vidya that will make me feel something again.
Neir Automata
The Walking Dead season 1
Pokemon Legends Arceus (only if you played Diamond and Pearl when growing up)
Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines
Earthbound. it's wacky but in a good way not reddit or anything.
skies of arcadia
knights of the old republic 1 and 2
morrowind
captcha: 8ynrpg
Katana Zero is good for feels.
Ruiner is good for a brutal revenge quest kinda feel.
Check out "Star Fetchers" it's really short though but it's got those feels I cant describe.
Any of the Yakuza games. Any of the Nier games. Anything Suda 51
stardew vally
What do you mean by "feel something"?
Put your hand down my pants and I bet you'll feel nuts
Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2
Jak 3
Pokemon LeafGreen
I am barely able to feel anything at all anymore.
And no, I will not see a shrink about it.
Please post what you ate today.
You need a detox. Drop everything and dont consume any content for 45-90 days. Not even music. Im about to do this too cause im self employed and want get tons of momentum for myself
I meant
Do you want a challenge, drama?
Sure, why not. Give me a challenge
If you can get a ps2 emulator going, you can prolly find this game's image and play it pretty ez like me.
When was the last time you cried? You probably need a good cry. Watch Blade Runner and then Blade Runner 2049 the day after.
Have you tried any fromsoft game?
If you like indie games, MVs like lone fungus (frustratingly hard platforming sections) and hollow knight (semi impossible boss rushes and a couple hard platforming sections)
I RECOMMEND U STOP PLAYING WITH UR PARTICIPATION TROPHY AND START LIVING IN THE REAL WORLD LIKE A GROWN MAN
U CANT BE A MANCHILD 4EVER ITS ONLY GONNA BE MORE PAINFUL TO GROW UP THE LONGER U PUT IT OFF
In this order: Silver Case, Flower Sun and Rain, Silver Case: The 25th Ward, Killer7. This is the order for the early KTP games in the series. But these are either hit or miss people either love or hate them.
I love Suda51 &lt;3
shit, i forgot to also recommend SOMA.
Omori.
Maybe try playing some coop game with an interesting person who reciprocates
But honestly there is nothing wrong with feeling nothing. I also feel nothing these days, anhedonia and the like. It is just returning back to the indifference of the universe
