Anyone remember this about ac*z and his mom?
Alleynefag is Acaz (a BPD lolcow) , and he uses Alleyne as a guise for his innocent depressed elflover persona. In actuality, Alleynefag is a gay, alcoholic ERP fiend from the depths of /trash/, he also frequents /afgg/ on /vg/ where he found a guy called lain, paid for his plane ticket and allowed himself to be assfucked by lain, who instantly left after the act. Alleynefag is still spiteful about this and even leaked his address on /afgg/ (he did that today, literally).
He creates another thread persona with Holo from Spice and Wolf, and uses it to endlessly harass and insult Urabefag. Urabefag was (seemingly) close friends with Sayafag, and Alleynefag interpreted this as some hot gay love affair that he wasn't in on, so he got upset and used the Holofag persona to try and drive them away. He even said that he was "jealous of their chemistry".
He faked a suicide attempt during this, and even responded to himself (as Alleynefag) with the Holofag persona.
He eventually reveals being the person behind Holofag, then spends about a year posting intermittently while focusing mostly on ERPing, alcohol and getting assfucked by strangers.
A few months later, some anon posts links to the vg archive where the whole assfucking thing is discussed. He comes here, attentionwhores more, then stops posting in waifu threads altogether. This happen like a year after the holofag thing, if my memory is right.
https://arch.b4k.co/vg/thread/296191732/#q296255512
Many years ago I told you all already to avoid a*cz
he is a nigger 
literally a nigger
never relax
Do you have the pics or name of his mother saved anywhere? I'd like them if possible
I just remember him from the steamfriend general here in 2015
I have no clue about the rest and to be desu the mom stuff goes too far, I dont fuck with that
Gosh I miss Dunsel
I dont fuck with that
nvm I remember shittalking about some anons mom when I was too drunk
Mistakes happen
s-stop making posts f-faggot
mfw you make a gay-sounding post
yeah it fits the passive aggressive miu 
tldr: nip / acaz > ceb
bruh I just posted a handful of times the past two weeks 
he wants my feet
sure... silence, bottom
but acaz cant help being black anymore than you can help being gay
I had s*x with a cis girl
idk why you have to project your own sexuality on me
OH I REMEMBER
what about Michael Jackson?
He didnt liked his skin color and changed it
i heard you turned into a tranny now that seems pretty gay, where did you buy your dress
lets ignore ceb and you can come peg me
but he is filthy rich and that is just one person in the world
being black is fine it's unique if you think about it
lets ignore him and go back to continue our anime night
more like tranime night
rip him, I still miss him
oh dunno if I showed you my new katzen already
here is my favorite
really cute, didn't you have a white one too
i like his blue eyes. what cat treats do they sell over in germany
