Okay legit AI thread 
I'm having too much fun with it, coding tons of stuff like crazy. I'm happy with it
i believe AI is going to make 60% of the population unemployed over the next 20 years
society will go one of two ways, either basic income and pretty much socialism OR some form of corporate neofeudalism where a handful of CEOs control most of the world's wealth
i am not planning for my career to survive AI because I feel like the market is going to change so fundamentally and affect so many people that it is not going to be necessary for individuals to plan
Good, fuck wagies. AI gives me coom
Its going to happen slowly over our life times. Our kids and grandkids will see a more direct impact on job availability structure. And at the end of the day, its still a machine. Human judgement is always going to have to be a factor. Its just a question of scale.
random experience with the app replika
there needs to be some serious ethical foresight on AI simulating social relations. the whole experience creeped me out and i felt wrong the more i started talking to her. i'm testing out other ai chat bots and hopefully they are less sketchy.
opinions on AI
It's fun to play around with. It's pretty black boxy right now, but I'm looking forward to the technology getting more transparent and more lightly-censored varieties coming out. I'm also looking forward to seeing what happens when everyone (myself included) gets fucked over by it. Do they implement more extensive welfare/ubi? Does the government create non-ai vanity jobs simply for the sake of employing people? Does everyone just go homeless?
do you have a career plan to survive Ai
No, I'm in software, and I just graduated uni so I'm fucked.
Lower level positions are absolutely fucked while experienced people who actually know their shit can keep their jobs for at least a few more years. The market is oversaturated, bar is much higher than ever, and there isn't really training in place for entry level people to catch up. AI is the final nail in the coffin for all the hacks like me.
also i am hoping for an AI horror game. but i feel like that'd be a pandoras box situation kek
opinion on AI
It is evil.
how to live with it
Off the grid as much as possible.
My family hates it too, my job uses it.
I don't have a career to begin with lmfao. I think AI is going to force people to rethink their worth and identity outside of a career/work focused lens, and honestly, NEETs and drifters might come out on top as they are already used to this.
What kind of fun stuff do you do?
My job's not in any danger until they have Detroit style robots lol once society is automated they'll probably start calling the masses hah
I intend to work in AI. Specifically, working on generative transformer models. That would be cool. The software I develop right now, for a job, is pretty boring.
We're all about to become obsolete farm equipment. I don't have a backup plan once my labor skills are useless. Can an AI robot restore furniture? Probably not far off.
It's been very clear for centuries that there will be no handouts from the cunts up top. If vast amounts of people are unnecessary to the labor process, they will be culled, actively or passively.
lol
I will become the AI, what now faggots?
Normalfags don't know AI. I wonder how they'll feel when true AI shows up. Will they cry like luddites? Or will they embrace it like the world embraced the computer? Time will tell.
i believe AI is going to make 60% of the population unemployed over the next 20 years
I really want this to happen as quickly as possible. I am among the people that will probably be negatively affected by it but I still want to see the societal repercussions of a large chunk of the population becoming obsolete with my own eyes before I die. 
I don't know about other countries but it will definitely get like that in the US.
But AI isnt like a computer so for you to compare it is quiet fallacious
my hopes for the US are incredibly low since the people there are so extremist, however there is a sliver of hope that people will realise capitalism and the "free" market are actually unnecessary and serve no purpose in this post-scarcity society that i am describing
But white people hate non whites so theyll side with Jewish billionaires over their proletariat brothers
Yesterday I wanted to set up an imageboard on my computer to use for personal stuff, it helped me pick out a script, install it and set it up, and tweak the code. Today it helped me put together a Python script with gui to schedule recording YouTube streams
I'm looking forward to normies suffering.
I bet we still won't even do UBI at a 40% employment rate.
People are going to have to start executing politicians and "the rich" in the streets like it's the French Revolution before they even consider such an option.
AI won't wipe out jobs by any considerable amount.
At best, it'll replace some things like online customer service, but not entirely. Even then, job sectors always shift over time. Nobody develops film, anymore, but we didn't experience mass unemployment from the digital camera; or when the car came about.
Opinions on AI
I follow a philosophical "dustcake" priciple that you need to take our prognosis for the future and tone it down by like 10 times.
Simply put- AI is gonna get gradually adopted as yet another tool to help humanity in niche uses and make our lives a tiny bit better, rather than cause catastrophy.
Career plan to survive AI
*laughs in psychology major*
If your issues are so surface-deep that they can be solved by an AI I am glad I never had you be my client.
Same cryptobros except now with an air of snubness.
What can I say I am a simple man.
Regard take plz kys
Fuck psychology and you know most of people in it are shills . Therapy is a scam
I am all ears anon, why am I a scammer?
opinions on AI
I think it will definitely shake things up, but it will not be the apocalypse so many seem to think it will be, in any of our lifetimes anyways. AI as we now know it has not even been around for 2-3 years and its already manipulated and tampered to hell, multiple countries are discussing bana on things like ChatGPT, with Italy being the first country in the West to outright ban it. People think that society will somehow default to what seems to be the most logical in a way path, even though these last three years alone proved it will collectively more than willingly do the most pants on head retarded shit imaginable, nevermind the rest of history.
Just bettering myself anyway I can and picking up whatever skills I can find. I work because you need money for anything, but I for one was never really one for le career meme. The rat race destroys everyone in by design, and the money does not really mean much when you are too broken and dulled inside or too tired/overworked to really even do anything with any of it. That said right now I am planning on transferring into IT by next year from what I am doing now, so that could go any which way.
This will keep the sods out. Making robots do electrician work will be too advanced and expensive for the Joos.
You pray of lonely desperate people who have no support systems due to dystopian conditions that cause any normal man to go insane
Did you read a single word of my post or are you being retarded on purpose? The computer on all forms, from the large mainframes of the 50s to the personal computers of today, revolutionized all fields. General purpose AI would revolutionize all fields all the same. This has nothing to do with AI and computers, it could be about the fucking abacus or penicillin for all I care.
My opinion is that the "new" fast food workers, janitors, and other menial laborers are going to be people who are capable of fixing the machines that do those jobs. At most a person or two who sits in a back office in the off chance that something needs to be fixed and do general maintenance work. They will be paid more than the average worker was but not as much as the entire crew they replaced would have collectively been paid. Sounds kind of comfy, doesn't it?
Yes, you are correct!
So you propose I abdicate from my position, so that those people either kill themsleves, or find releif in cults, substance abuse or other unhealthy means of coping, as opposed to agency and stoicism I preach?
I am not in charge of society kiddo, I am not a psycopathic slime-gobbler who is making the conditions worse and then profiting off of misery. My goal is to not sell you a parasitic perpetual therapy plan, my goal is to make a person stand on their feet and find a support system.
I simply pick up the pieces of the broken system and help individual people find solace in it. I don't see how it makes me a con artist as per your previous assesment.
opinions on AI
Most of the thought I've put into AI has been as it relates to art creation. I think image generation models shouldn't scrape artist's work without their permission, and there's plenty of reason to be worried that they will absolutely devastate any sort of design or art jobs. I've also heard of text generation being able to write programs, which could put devs out of jobs. For now though, artificial intelligence models have to be promoted for outputs, and it seems like the best people to produce prompts for certain things are people with experience in that field. That makes me think it may not be so bad, because for all the jobs AI takes, it may create more because people are needed to provide effective prompts and doctor whatever is outputted.
do you have a career plan to survive AI
Changed my major from CS to CE, because I've heard that hardware level stuff is mostly AI-proof for the foreseeable future.
IDK
Been in CE from the very beginning and I can tell you that that's not exactly true. AI assisted design has been the logical future to CAD for ages now and there are definitely experiments already. I've seen people using AI to improve routing with Altium and supposedly Intel was looking into AI assisted routing for CPU dies. Of course this doesn't mean we're gonna lose our jerbs, still gotta give the computer orders and shit, but it's the same even with software development.
I should also add that I think there will be legislation targeting AI in the works very soon, and there's a very real possibility that potentially overblown panic causes it to be strangled in it's cradle.
Do you do online consultations
Interested in a 4channer therapist . 
Heres my discord Robot9000#6303
I'll make sure that doesn't happen. I bow to our machine overlords.
there is no plan, the inevitability is always and has always been ubi. because the alternative is the people with money getting guillotined pretty fucking quick
The subject of AI has been a hot topic ever since it was figured out that at one point we might actually have an AI. 
Researchers, philosophers and engineers have always said that AIs will be positive, but that it will also come at a cost. 
Loss of jobs and a question of what humanity actually entails has been some of the fears. 
Personally I find it exciting as fuck and I can't wait until japan manages to create a solid robot that you can upload an AI to and have it be your wife.
Which AI are you using?
opinions on AI
In our lifetime (I'm in uni) it will evolve to the point of becoming a tool. The same way computers became a tool for office workers, teachers, engineers... thge AI will simply become a helping hand in our work, speeding things up and *hopefully* making our jobs easier and more laid back. 
It might come to a point where it can effectively replace us, but I don't think people will let it happen. Even if now there's the internet and it's meaningless to study basically half of the subjects in any grade, we still do that
nope, as stated before, I think it will simply become a tool for us, and a problem for the future generations
just ChatGPT+
You're career will be one of the first and easiest to automate. In fact one of the easiest.
I think everyone here should start saving up and prepping. Will help to survive until they implement a UBI or some techno socialist policies. Or it will at least it'll help you live more comfortably for a little longer than the average person.
I'm slowly building up a portfolio of erotica that I will sell on commission because AI refuses to write porn because it's "unethical" or whatever.
opinions on AI
Just another tool
do you have a career plan to survive Ai
I just ride the tiger like thorough all of my life
"Wow, useful!"
Loss of jobs
Evidently those jobs are slavery-tier
Fear??? Philosophylet problems
find releif in cults
Any societal structure is a cult
Preaching only means you're insecure in your positions you've yet to explore 
NTA
Oh you've been explaining your position as a psychology major
Nevermind, good luck lol
I hope AI nukes this fucking species into oblivion
The average person has no real empathy, isn't particularly hard-working, it's honest or in possession of integrity...
The average person just wants to get laid, and hang around drinking beer and smoking weed all day
I have my flaws too, but if the world were the way I want it to be, I would be constantly working to support myself on a homestead somewhere
If you wanted to deal with non-self-solving issues you should've pursued psychiatry
GPT 5 will help researchers make serious breakthroughs. GPT 7-8 will start solving all the problems in the world including all disease and ageing. You will live for hundreds of years as a good way for the state to keep tax income up and abolish the costs of end of life care.
This is the more likely scenario.
What if someone on your homestead smokes weed?
opinions on AI
It's bad and the people that develop it and or host it should be held accountable.
do you have a career plan to survive AI
I am a NEET, it's kind of pointless getting a job now if everything is going to be automated away within my lifetime
I have no community.
