is it possible to get in the "no-fly list" for being edgy online? Is 4chan a honey pot for getting me into problems for posting "le funny edgy" things?Should I stop comming here?
Until very, very recently, unless you were doing absolutely retarded with zero OPSEC, you wouldn't have gotten an encounter with law enforcement over purely online activities. Usually, faggots get v&amp; for stupid shit they actually do combined with abysmal OPSEC. I'm talking really stupid shit on the level of hosting your ebin manifesto on the fur affinity account you linked to your mom's fagbook, and then posting the link to said manifesto on the honeypot incel forum while connected to your high school's wifi. The vast majority of v&amp;ing cases are from IRL faggotry, so your coworkers, neighbors, classmates, and other people nearby who have the misfortune to witness your autism firsthand when you talk about wanting to be like your gay idol hitler. The few cases brought about by purely online activity have been very, very recent. The first group involving the florida sheriff arguably falls under the abysmal OPSEC + retardation category. The second case was simply every user who ever connected to a discord server the buffalo shooter posted a link to his personal journal server getting an FBI visit. Other than that, unless you do something monumentally retarded, the feds don't care since they've got other bigger problems and dumber faggots to entrap.
is it possible to get in the "no-fly list" for being edgy online? 
No idea. 
Is 4chan a honey pot for getting me into problems for posting "le funny edgy" things?
It certainly can't help.
Regardless of your reason for asking, the answer is almost assuredly YES.
Not a chance, it's such a breach of the social contract that it even exceeds the kind of surveillance they are not-so discreetly admitting to doing.
At best you will get FBI knocking doors and interrogating you to see if there's a case to be made because they need to justify their online programmes.
Just pretend to cut your dick off and transition to a girl and then you are a protected class, worst case they put you in girl jail where you can finally lose your viginity, literally win-win. Since you watch moeshit you are like 95% trans already anyway.
It is difficult to read what you wrote with all that memeing, but on internet you can find that " According to a report by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) in 2018, there were over 18 million individuals on the broader Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB), of which the No Fly List is a subset."
18 million is a big amount, I wouldn't be surprised if people are on that bigger list for being on 4chan. Also there was the famous guy who "in minecraft" guy that got arrested. I don't know, but this thing feels scary. I don't want to have legal problems for writing an edgy post after being sad for being alone one Friday evening.
This, you really have to be a total fucking moron to get a visit from the party van
I don't think you will get a visit. Probably you will just go though immigration on an airport and when you give your information the computer will say that you are in the list and then you will have an interview in which you need to explain many things and probably you are in problems.
I fly every few weeks for work and have never had a problem.
I post here in the clear about hating niggers and wanting the government to fall and all the rest of it.
If you know the rules, and the consequences for breaking them, then what do you think you should do? Seriously, control yourself. It's not that hard, even for a mental midget like you who doesn't have the attention span to read a paragraph like every other useless faggot nowadays.
4chan is pretty tame in the grand scheme of things. The feds just hang around here to bait children and retards into discord/telegram groups to try to groom them into committing atrocities. They don't really care about the site beyond /pol/, /r9k/, and maybe /b/ and /soc/. Every other board to them is just a bunch of harmless nerds shittalking each other. Just do not make threats to harm or imply you want harm done to specific non-celebrity people (they don't care if you're about to harm yourself lol talk about suicide all you want). There are other more extreme and politically focused sites and private chat rooms which they monitor more closely than this site. If you're 1 or 2 degrees of separation from ecelebs in those more political circles, then you will likely get a knock on the door from the fbi at some point or another. If you're just some schmuck who likes to make edgy jokes on 4chan, then they literally don't care.
Don't forget /k/. Gotta give them some good paraphernalia and airshit guns for the press photos.
They spied on and arrested a tard from /k/ also, but that was mostly canadian moose police.
Don't forget this wigger who got arrested for the capitol spergout that he wore his shash-kay-slash patch to.
You should be a little bit careful
What even is this "No Fly List", like you aren't allowed on air planes?
I recently saw something else recently that even saying "Chad" can get you in trouble, like the term Chad is going to fall under hate speech or terrorist language
How fucking old are you? They've been putting out these boogeyman of the month vocab field guides for decades now. Before this it was for muslims but you probably weren't even born yet.
its over
https://i.4cdn.org/wsg/1682538596714818.webm
"It's Over" is also a "hate term" apparently. The wars in the Middle East are coming to a close, and the three letter agencies needs a new boogieman to throw their over-inflated budget at.
what's that, like when you're not allowed to fly on a plane?
It originated on huffpost.
we have concluded
No, seriously. How fucking old are you that this whole paranoid counter-terrorism security state bullshit is new to you? This has been ongoing for 20+ years now. Hell, it's obvious to anyone that can pass high school level civics that this >>73191255 is what's going on. Well, that's if your shitty public school didn't already cut the course by the time you entered.
why glowies would do that lmao
life is a scary place
I think the words that might get you put on a watchlist 2 decades ago are different than calling someone a Chad or Karen
Yeah it was something like "kaffir" or "infidel". Either way, this your first boogeyman of the month scarebait, zoomie?
careful, "zoomie" might land you on a list
im on the no fry list because i am a diabetic
