I'm very boring
No, I don't want to go on adventure.
No, I don't want to travel.
No, I don't want to go clubbing.
I just want to stay home, cook, watch or play something, go to bed and repeat this routine every day.
No, I don't get bored of doing same thing every day.
No, I don't want to do drugs or drink.
I have work and studies to attend.
How over it is for me?
And what are the odds of me finding a girl who genuinely would prefer this over alternatives?
I don't really know what women do, much less what they want. I fully agree though. There's not much point to any of that shit.
extremely slim odds. You're by all means and purposes and extremely boring person, a dog or a cat has more to offer than you. If you're content with it then that is GOOD. You probably would think I'm a degenerate if you saw how I lived my life, but I'm content with who I am so who cares right?
The thing is even if you find a girl that tolerates, not likes, but tolerates you, she will eventually leave the minute a more exciting guy shows up because you will be mogged to hell and back, women ADORE status and adventure, they crave excitement, even if it's dangerous. 
And there's also a chance you might find said girl boring as fuck too.
So you have a choice to make, what matters more, your lifestyle or love/companionship? Choice is yours.
What's it matter to you? I doubt you want to change any of these things about yourself. Forcing such a change upon yourself because you think it's "normal" will only make you miserable. Dating is not ideal for you or a similar woman, as the disturbance to your routine will only bother you. It's just wishful thinking.
What if you find a girl who already went through her adventure/clubbing/travel phase, and is now a single mother who cares about her kids and having a stable boring life for them
Would you go for it?
i found a girl like that, on r9k out of all places
it's very rare, people don't usually enjoy doing nothing
Only if I was single father.
Since I'm not, the answer right now is no.
a dog or a cat has more to offer than you
Hmmm.
I'd like to believe my contribution to relationship would be slightly more than that.
I'd like to have both if possible.
Is it?
There must be girls out there who aren't interested in wasting time&amp;effort on fleeting things.
There must be girls out there who are ok with routine of just living.
I mean, it would be weird if there wasn't.
Sure there are, but you aren't going to meet them because they don't want to meet you. They have their own thing going on. These are the kinds of people who will only date if the opportunity naturally presents itself and won't go out of their way to do pursue a relationship. Unless you meet such a person at work or during your studies, you are unlikely to ever meet one.
I'm the same Anon (excluding drugs but that's beside the point) I had a gf that was a gamer and the same sorta boring person but im so boring i don't even game which played a part in fucking it up for me in the end in multiple ways. Boring women who like boring men exist they're just harder to find bc, shocker, they're boring and don't get out much. I don't know you or your character in depth but from what you've said it's not THAT over for you Anon, hope isn't unreasonable. How old are you?
Boring women who like boring men exist they're just harder to find bc, shocker, they're boring and don't get out much
What would be the best way to meet such women then?
35.
