Who else had parents that made sure you'd never be able to become a normalfag?
wanna tell your story first anon?
my parents treated me like a sidekick to my older brother and never interacted with me directly unless it was to give me shit about something.
playing constant second fiddle to my brother and never seeing home as a safe place gave me huge identity issues and terrible self esteem.
Nothing too special really. I was a shy kid in general when I first grew up, so whenever my dad or mom yelled at me about something stupid (which happened daily) I took it very personally and ruminated about it a lot. My mom would also slap me a lot whenever I spoke up for myself. This whole process became a lot worse when my parents split up, because then my mom would take out her anger on me and not control her emotions properly like all women. It's funny actually, because she tries to be all nice and cute now to me, expecting me to have a proper adult convo with her now, but I'd really rather not talk to her at all actually. Same with my dad really, since I wasn't enough to take into account when he cheated on my mom. Because of all this I was really afraid to be social around people. And when people knew me as the quiet kid, they'd throw occasional insults and slights at me. It wasn't really bullying, but that and the isolation I faced in school really felt like it
Yeah, my dad is a religious nut that hates everything
My dad had random bouts of extreme and unprovoked anger where he would tear me and my brother down, basically telling us we were worthless and that he's ashamed of us. I also could never really talk back or stand up for myself because he wouldn't listen and it'd just make him more angry. Basically the only thing i could do was avoid him (and conflict in general) and whenever things went bad, just shut up and take it. As a child, this meant i was basically a very easy child, but as an adult i turned out to be completely dysfunctional, because now i have to stand up for myself, take initiative, and be prominent.
I basically have to rebuilt myself from scratch and raise myself again, because my father failed so miserably.rvv0kr
i'm >>73191155
i can relate to a lot of your problems. in my family it was my mom who cheated on dad and they split up when i was in 2nd grade. i found out that was the cause when i was around 17 and i lost my shit, all that stress mom complained about, how hard it was to raise children as a single mom having to work extra yadda yadda, living in shitty apartments, sleeping on second hand couches, revolcing door of shitty stepdads and it was her fuckup all along. combine this with how my parents didn't bother to get to know me until i was in my late teens only using me as a pawn in their game because they stopped loving my little sister the same way after she turned out to be spoiled rotten and unable to keep her emotions in check.
the only person i dont hold a grudge against in my immediate family is my older brother. if not for him i'd cut ties to every single one of them and go be a junkie in a city gutter.
Retarded overprotective and potentially psychopathic asian parents didn't let me do anything and filled my head with bs about how to behave and what to avoid so they could maximize the chance of cashing out in retirement after my studies. I was never going to be a normalfag but they definitely wasted a lot of my life.
IDK why it's legal to let anyone to have kids and with almost no checks or regulation other than for severe fuck ups. I'm not fully sure private parenting should be allowed, with enough funding and proper organization by actual experts, parenting business could be run much better with far fewer mistakes than any two rando could mange after first few years. Maybe in 500 years when govts are not run by psychopaths.
https://player.vimeo.com/video/501546889
my mom was extremely strict
30 years later she has the audicity to ask why i have no friends and im single. she basically killed all socialization growth from my childhood
went to class with two guys who each had moms like that. one of them turned into a speed addled animal and the other guy fell off the grid.
im going to guess all or at least the vast majority of us, in some shape. people really are products of their upbringing. we all have some kind of inherited trauma.
I just had parents that didn't care and never pushed me to be normal. They were fine to let me be raised by a TV
Now I do amphetamines and fuck twinks and I feel like I'd be living a more normal life if my parents had just let me enjoy being a teenager.
thanks mom now I'm 25 and have no idea how to be a human
my mom did that shit with me too when i had female friends in elementary. its the reason i stopped playing with them, i felt so embarrassed about it. 
its so fucked.
I was the mistake baby born decades after their planned children. They hated that I existed and neglected me because it was easier to just ignore my needs than to actually be there for me.
I really can't think of a time that they ever actually did anything for me.
Most of my life was just studying, after school going to extracurricular or cram school. Whenever I go outside it is always with my mom by my side. My mom and dad hit me sometimes, but that I am not upset but what did bother me were the reasons my dad and mom got mad at me for, sometimes it is reasonable but sometimes I really did nothing wrong. And talking to my mom was like walking on eggshells; If I say sorry, she gets mad, if I say nothing, she gets mad, and when I cry she gets mad too so how do I respond? My emotional intelligence is low It is my fault too, I was a weird child why could I never behave properly? And sometimes when we argue she always brings up the past, bunch of stuff like I wasn't there for her when she was sick. They are good parents, but sometimes I really don't understand, it can be tiring.
"Why does my kid's life suck so much? Why does he get in so much trouble?"
damn... those "gifted" kids were always insufferable brats. the fucking "ok" sign was too harsh for people and an entire assembly was held over it.
